{"city": "pune", "code": "13654291", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation waits for machines to start 2nd phase of Aadhar", "text": "PUNE: The start of the second phase of the Unique Identification (UID) registration drive is uncertain since the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is yet to receive the machines needed for the purpose.Nearly 21 lakh UID cards are to be distributed in the city. Of the three agencies appointed to carry out the drive, each has to provide seven lakh cards. The PMC has fixed 152 centres, i.e. two centers in each civic panel, and a total of 300 machines are required for the purpose of providing the UID number.\"The PMC has made the infrastructure ready and the drive will start as soon as we get the machines,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak told reporters on Tuesday.Following orders from the state government, the PMC had suspended the UID registration drive in February. The state government has given orders to restart the drive, which was supposed to begin from May 15.Under the UID scheme, a 12-digit number would be allotted to each individual after the collection of basic information is complete. As per the PMC's plan, the registration process in the city is expected to be completed by December 2012.The Aadhar projectIn September 2010, Ranjana Sonawane, a 30-year old housewife from Tembli - a village in Nandurbar district - became the first person to get a UID number, kicking off Nandan Nilekani's ambitious project that promised to be the passport to better access to government schemes for the poor and facilities like banking and insurance.One of the country's biggest schemes, the UID or the Aadhar project was launched by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Once a person has a UID number, his or her basic identity linked to their biometrics is established and can be used to uniquely identify the individual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649682", "title": "HC condemns workers stripping manager naked", "text": "MUMBAI: Stripping a person naked is an extreme way to protest, observed the Bombay high court while hearing an appeal against the reinstatement of a worker accused of tearing the clothes of the personnel manager of a factory 20 years ago.On May 2, a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing an appeal filed by Digvi Metalwares Pvt Ltd against a single HC judge's order directing reinstatement of a worker, Shrikant Kadam. Granting interim relief to Kadam, Justice Girish Gokhale had observed that \"the incident was over 20 years old\" and \"interests of justice would be served\" if Kadam, who was left with barely four-five years of service, was allowed to resume work conditionally.The case dates back to November 2, 1992 when over some grievances, 20 workers, led by union leaders, went to the factory at Shivare in Pune where they assaulted the manager, forcibly tore his clothes and stripped him. \"What? They made him naked?\" asked Justice Majmudar, even as the judges were told the manager was left with nothing but his undergarments. \"Labour protests 20 years ago used to be vociferous, but you can make someone naked? This is an extreme way of protest. It can be demeaning,\" said Justice Majmudar.The petition said Kadam was among those who instigated employees to stop work for eight days. A lockout on the factory was declared from November 1, 1992 to March 3, 1993. Kadam's service was ended on November 24, 1997. The labour court directed Kadam's reinstatement, saying while the charges had been \"proved\", the \"punishment was disproportionate\".The company moved HC, where the single judge directed to reinstate Kadam. The company then filed a plea in the HC and the division bench admitted it. The judges clubbed the petition with another, filed against Prakash Acharya, also involved in the incident. In December 2007, the HC, hearing an appeal against Acharya's reinstatement, admitted the petition saying \"charges were serious\" and it pertained to \"humiliating the manager by tearing his clothes off\". The hearing has been expedited and posted to August.On November 2, 1992, over some grievances, 20 workers, led by union leaders, went to a factory at Shivare in Pune where they assaulted the manager, tore his clothes and stripped him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "13650685", "title": "Businessman tries to kill self, alleges cop harassment", "text": "DOMBIVLI: A 48-year-old businessman tried to commit suicide by consuming disinfectant and alleged that a police inspector, posted with Mumbai Central police station, was harassing him.The condition of the victim, Raju Devkule, is serious and he is in ICU of a Dombivli Hospital. Devkule, in his statement to the police, has accused inspector Satish Gaikwad, who was once his good friend, of demanding Rs 1.9 lakh through the victim's Mulund-based chartered accountant Nitin Maru. Gaikwad and Maru have rubbished the claims.Devkule, who owns furnishing shops in Dombivli, alleged that on Friday, Maru called him to his office and asked him to pay Rs 1.9 lakh to Gaikwad. Devkule's son Sunil told TOI, \"When we went to meet our CA, we were shocked. He told us that Gaikwad had claimed that my father owed him Rs 1.90 lakh that he had invested in my father's business as a partner. Maru further asked my father to settle the matter with Gaikwad.\"Sunil claimed that his father was stressed due to the matter as Gaikwad is an inspector and in past he had threatened his father to harass him. Due to the depression , he tried to commit suicide by consuming disinfectant, said Sunil.Devkule's family alleged that the Manpada police, who are probing the matter, are trying to shield Gaikwad. Meanwhile, Gaikwad said, \"I know Devkule but I never had any business transaction with him. The allegations are false. I never told his CA about any deal or debt against Devkule.\" Maru too rubbished the charges, saying, \"I called Devkule to discuss his shop and never talked about Gaikwad.\"The victim's family said the police should go through the CCTV footage of Maru's cabin to gather evidence.Dattatray Pandhary, senior inspector from Manpada, said, \"We have recorded the victim's statement. We will take action after detailed investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656115", "title": "Stranded woman in Saudi rescued by Hyderabad police", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 22-year-old woman from Yakutpura, who was allegedly being pushed into slavery by her employers in Riyadh, was saved by the timely intervention of the Hyderabad police.On May 3, a woman from Yakutpura, Shahnaz Begum, approached the Rein Bazaar police complaining that her younger sister Zakera Begum was being tortured by her employers in Riyadh. In her complaint, Shahnaz stated that Zakera went to Riyadh on March 5 to work as a domestic help in the house of Saudi nationals Amood and Saleh of Riyadh.Two days after reaching Riyadh, Zakera called up her sister and informed that she was being physically tortured. The employers had even cut Zakera's hair, forcing her to do 'all types of work' and when she resisted, they confined her to the house, Shahnaz said in her complaint to the police.Based on the complaint, a special team of the South Zone police led by ASI Mohammed Fasiuddin obtained details of the employers and with the help of embassy staff belonging to both the countries, managed to rescue the victim. She reached the city safely on May 26.Based on the complaint lodged by her, the Rein Bazaar police booked a case against agent Ahmed Khan, who had sent her to Riyadh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649663", "title": "Mishaps force BEST to phase out King Longs", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a series of mishaps and breakdowns involving King Long buses, the BEST would phase out the air-conditioned vehicles from its fleet, announced general manager O P Gupta at the undertaking's committee meeting on Tuesday.\"We will work out a plan for replacing the King Longs with better quality AC buses,\" said Gupta, adding that the 270 buses in the fleet would be removed gradually. \"The plan will be finalized before the end of the financial year and based on it, the buses will be discarded in batches of 20 over the nest five to seven years.\" Before phasing out the King Longs, the BEST will identify a manufacturer of AC buses, which will replace the older set.It is not only BEST that has had trouble with King Long buses; in May 2010, even Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ( MSRTC) removed all the 11 King Long buses from its fleet after it witnessed several incidents of fire and breakdowns on those vehicles.Senior BEST committee member Ravi Raja said, \"Mishaps were not the only reason behind the phase-out decision. Even commuters were not satisfied as the ACs on the vehicles leak and the buses slow down while climbing on flyovers. They start rattling as they gain speed.\" Another reason was the severe shortage of spare parts for King Long buses. \"Earlier not many were aware of the shortage. A visit to the BEST depot in Dindoshi revealed that five buses were lying in disrepair as their spare parts were unavailable.\" Other members of the committee also pointed out that similar shortage of spare parts was a problem for the Tata-manufactured buses as well. \"Of the 100 buses, 20% do not ply as the spare parts supplied by Tata are not as per specification even though the buses were manufactured by them,\" Ganacharya said.Gupta has decided to send a notice to Tata to solve the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656381", "title": "CBI court issues prisoner transit warrant to Jagan Mohan Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Tuesday issued prisoner transit (PT) warrant directing the jail authorities to produce Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in the court on June 11 in the case pertaining to the second chargesheet in the assets case. The CBI has filed three chargesheets in the case so far and Jagan was sent to 14-day judicial remand in the first chargesheet case on Monday. In the second chargesheet, there are three accused including Jagan, the other two being Vijay Sai Reddy, the auditor, and Jagati Publications, publishers of Sakshi newspaper. The court issued summons to these two. Vijay Sai Reddy has to appear in the court on that day as he is on bail now and Jagati Publications has to be represented by its authorized representative. Though the entire Jagan assets case will be tried together, each chargesheet will have its own independent status. Hence, the summons and PT warrants for each case.In a separate development, Jagan filed a plea in the CBI court urging it declare his arrest as illegal and set him free on bail and enable him to campaign for his YSR Congress in the bypolls slated to be held on June 12. Directing the CBI to file its counter, the judge posted the matter to May 31 for hearing. The judge also, through separate letters to Lok Sabha Speaker and Union home ministry, informed them about the detention of Jagan in judicial custody.Enforcement Directorate to quiz Jaganmohan ReddyThe Enforcement Directorate has drawn up a list of assets of Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy based on the findings of the CBI investigation, to attach them under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. Sources said ED officials are likely to question Jagan, who is in judicial custody, before any attachment order is issued. Two ED officials from Delhi have arrived in Hyderabad for recording of statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665420", "title": "Why is Chiranjeevi silent about Gabbar Singh?", "text": "Ever since Gabbar Singh released to universal acclaim everybody in Tollywood has shared their thoughts about how wonderful the movie is and Pawan Kalyan's performance. However, Megastar Chiranjeevi has not made a single public comment about the movie much to the surprise of many mega fans. So when producer Bandla Ganesh was asked this question at a press conference he has this to say. \"Chiranjeevi was the first person to congratulate me for the success of the film on the day of the release. He has been very busy with the preparations for Charan's wedding and has been campaigning for the by elections so he has been very hard pressed for time.\"The producer did not stop at that. \"Paan Kalyan has never bothered to talk about the collections of Gabbar Singh even once but always enquires about Racha's numbers. It just goes to show the strong family bond they share. All rumors of a rift between Chiranjeevi and Pawan Kalyan are false,\" added Ganesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13664512", "title": "Petrol price hike: DMK may pull out of UPA government, Karunanidhi warns Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Key UPA ally DMK on Wednesday staged protests across Tamil Nadu over the steep petrol price hike with party supremo M Karunanidhi warning the Centre that the DMK may be forced to pull out from the government if \"anti-people policies\" continued.Leading the protest in Chennai, Karunanidhi said: \"We have been in coalition in the past with the BJP and V P Singh ( Janata Dal ). Though we are a part of the central government, DMK has not hesitated to stop anti-people measures. It's in that spirit we are holding this agitation. We will sail with the Centre as long as possible.We will request first, then will raise our objections strongly, if it is not responded to then we will leave to uphold our pro-people principles and policies. The Centre should not give room to drive us to that extent.\"This is for the first time, after a year since DMK tasted defeat in the assembly elections last year, that Karunanidhi participated in a protest. He had strongly condemned the Centre's stand on the Mullaperiyar dam issue a few months ago.Addressing the protest meeting, Karunanidhi also said the state government should protect the people from the burden of central taxes by its own strength. He observed that both the Centre and the Tamil Nadu government have raised prices of essential commodities.\"Which government is going to roll back the price hike first? Who is going to receive people's appreciation? he asked.\"Here is a competition, both governments should come forward to help the people,\" he commented in sarcastic vein.A host of DMK leaders including K Anbazhagan, MK Stalin and former ministers participated in the state-wide protests againstthe Centre and state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661668", "title": "Its Agni Natchathiram in Tamil and Telugu", "text": "Mani Ratnam's movies have always been remade or dubbed in Telugu or Hindi and now, its Agni Natchathiram in the row.The blockbuster movie Agni Natchathiram which had power packed performances by Prabhu and Karthik combined with Ilayaraja's fantabulous music is being remade in Tamil and Telugu. T.Ramesh who has produced STR's Osthi and Vishal's Samar has acquired the rights for the remake. T. Ramesh on confirming the project said that he is thrilled about remaking the bilingual in Tamil and Telugu. The producer is currently in talks with the biggies of Kollywood and Tollywood for the lead roles.The cast and crew is expected to be finalized soon and an official confirmation will be out in a couple of weeks says sources.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13663746", "title": "Where is the missing terror suspect, SC asks Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought response from the Centre on a plea filed by a woman seeking directions to the government to trace whereabouts of her husband, who was allegedly picked up by Indian intelligence agencies from their residence in Saudi Arabia.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar issued notice to the Home Ministry and External Affairs Ministry seeking their response by June 1, when the plea of the woman, Nikhat Parveen, would be taken up for hearing.Advocate Naushad Ahmad Khan, appearing for Parveen, pleaded that the court should direct the government to reveal the whereabouts of Parveen's husband Fasih Mahmood, an engineer, as he was allegedly picked up by Indian officials with the assistance of authorities of Saudi Arabia.Parveen had knocked the door of the apex court alleging that Mahmood, 29, who hails from Darbhanga in Bihar, was picked up on May 13, for purported terror links, from their home in Saudi Arabia , where he had been working for five years.Parveen had earlier said she had written to several authorities including Ministry of External Affairs and Home, Bihar and Karnataka governments, Saudi embassy in India but nobody was telling her anything.On May 13, according to her, a group of Saudi and Indian officials in civilian clothes allegedly searched their house in Jubail in Dammam, confiscated a laptop and mobile phone and informed them that Fasih has to be deported as he is wanted in India.Shocked by the sudden turn of events, 22-year-old Parveen, who had married Mahmood in September last year and had joined him in Saudi only in March, first contacted the Indian embassy. Failing to get any information from there, she returned to India on May 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "13651318", "title": "Dana suicide: State awaits SIT report", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: The Haryana government will take some more time before it decides whether to hand over the Dana Sangma suicide investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) even as her family members have demanded immediate transfer of the case to the central agency.State home secretary Samir Mathur said that his department has asked the special investigation team (SIT) constituted by the Gurgaon police to look into this case to submit its findings as soon as possible.\"Before taking a final decision, we will consider what the SIT has found during its investigation. The state would then weigh whether we should order a CBI investigation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13655106", "title": "Obama personally prepares 'kill list' of Qaida targets", "text": "They describe a paradoxical leader who shunned the legislative deal-making required to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , but approves lethal action without hand-wringing. The report described the top-secret process, which begins with some 100 counterterrorism officials going through biographies and selecting suspects in Yemen and Somalia to be added to the kill list.Nato takes out Afghanistan Qaida No. 2The US-led Nato force in Afghanistan killed al-Qaida's second highest leader, Sakhr al-Taifi , in the country in an airstrike in eastern Kunar province, the coalition said on Tuesday. He was responsible for commanding foreign insurgents in Afghanistan. AP Washington: US President Barack Obama was personally making all decisions about a top-secret and expanding 'kill list' of terrorists belonging to al-Qaida and its affiliates hiding in Pakistan and Yemen to be eliminated in stepped-up drone attacks, according to a media report.\"He (Obama) is determined that he will make these decisions about how far and wide these operations will go,\" said Thomas E Donilon , his national security adviser. \"His view is that he's responsible for the position of the US in the world. He's determined to keep the tether pretty short,\" New York Times quoted Donilon as saying.In interviews with The New York Times, three dozen of his current and former advisers described Obama's evolution since taking on the role, without precedent in presidential history, of personally overseeing the shad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13651156", "title": "'Lust for money fuelling power plants '", "text": "AMRAVATI: The state government is diverting scarce water resources in the drought-prone Vidarbha region to private thermal power plants.However, a state energy department official dismissed figures of water that is deprived to farmers as \"exaggerated\". The six districts in Vidarbha recorded 8,273 farmers' suicides in the past decade. In 2006, PM Manmohan Singh announced a Rs 2,177 crore package to complete irrigation projects following a spate of suicides in the region. Yet, the state water resources department and Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) obtained powers to divert water meant for irrigation purposes for industrial use. In one case, VIDC cleared a private power company's request for 240 million litres of water a day within 48 hours after it received the proposal.The Sophia Power Company, which is setting up a power station in Amravati, submitted its letter on February 20, 2008 and it was approved by the corporation on February 22. The state government validated the allocation of water to industry, including power projects, by amending the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority Act. Government sources said the authority is empowered to determine water distribution for various categories of use and its equitable distribution. \"It is lust for money,'' said Madhukar Kimmatkar, expert member of VSDB, who compiled the report. He was responding to a query from TOI as to why power projects proliferated in such a backward region. \"They will destroy fertile agriculture land and cripple farmers,'' he added.\"The daily disposal of lakhs of tons of coal ash will damage agriculture products and lead to serious air and water pollution.'' The report recommended that orders of water allocation to power plants be cancelled or reconsidered, taking into account the irrigation backlog in the region. Sudhir Paliwal, chairman, science, technology &amp; environment forum of Vidarbha Industries Association, said, \"Power projects are proliferating because land is abundantly available here. However, water is allotted to them through manipulation.'' \"There is a sense of disappointment and anger among farmers because of this water diversion,'' said B T Deshmukh, former MLC from Amravati. Cost of the Upper Wardha dam project in Amravati, pegged at Rs 13 crore when it commenced in 1965, shot up to over Rs 1,000 crore four decades later. \"The dam is complete but the distribution system is still not ready'' he said. Meanwhile, the state government allowed the upcoming power plants to lift water from this crucial irrigation project.\"The project was to irrigate 75,000 hectares of land, but now water for 37,000 hectares will be diverted to these two power plants,'' said Deshmukh. P A Vaidya of the Amravati-based Society for Backlog of Removal and Development said the decision to divert bulk water from irrigation to thermal power projects was an \"act of cheating''.\"The Centre had given financial assistance to the state government specifically to complete canals, sub-canals, distribution systems and field channels,'' it said. A high-power committee of the state government said the cost for re-establishing the irrigation potential of land lost due to the water diversion will be recovered from the power companies. The water resources department reduced the quantity of water required to irrigate the 75,000 hectares from the Upper Wardha project from 300 million cubic metres to 200 million cubic metres on the ground that this quantity would be sufficient. However, the society termed this as \"ridiculous'' considering that an \"entire generation of farmers in the command area of Upper Wardha project has passed away without receiving benefits of the project''. \"The government will again set up a study group to suggest schemes for re-establishing the lost irrigation potential, which is not likely to be created in the near future,'' it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13656058", "title": "City lad bags first spot in UP in CLAT", "text": "KANPUR: A local lad bagged 12th rank in All-India Common Law Admission Test (CLAT), the results were announced on Monday.Amber, a student of Career Launcher Academy has secured 12th rank and the first rank in Uttar Pradesh.Himanshu with 81st AIR, Nidhi Chaparia with 172nd AIR, Shivam Garg with 318th AIR, Shashank Shekhar with 534th AIR and Rishabh Trivedi with 571st AIR were the other rank holders of the city. As many as 21 other students were successful.The CLAT is conducted by 14 national law universities for admission to undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes (LLB &amp; LLM). There are only 2000 seats. The examination was held on May 13.Meanwhile, the students of HAL Vidyalaya came out with flying colours in AISSCE examinations. The results were declared on Monday. Saransh Mehta with 95.2% in science stream managed to be the school topper. Inder Singh Khani with 94.4%, Humera Khatoon Siddhiqui with 92.2%, Shivangi Gupta with 91% and Shweta Parihar with 90% marks remained the other outstanding students. Khushi Bhatia with 89% remained the commerce topper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13653100", "title": "Ludhiana man's Manali holiday turns fatal", "text": "MANALI: A 35-year-old man belonging to Dashmesh Nagar, who was on a holiday to Rohtang Pass along with his cousins, was killed when he slipped into a gorge.Police said Raghubir Singh, a businessman, lost his way near Sagu waterfall on Monday night. After his cousins failed to locate him, they got a missing person's report lodged with the police in Manali. After a night-long rescue and search operation, Singh's body was finally recovered from a gorge near the waterfall on Tuesday.Police recovered a videotape that Raghubir was recording when he disappeared. \"I have no idea of the path beyond this point,\" were his last words. It is possible that the 35-year-old, popular as 'Angrej' among his friends, slipped to death.The police report lodged by the deceased's cousin, Navdeep Singh, stated that the four reached Manali on Saturday and planned a trip to Rohtang Pass on Monday.\"A car dropped us at Chumbak Mor and we began trekking uphill towards the pass. I strained my knee and returned. My cousins Gurpreet Singh and Sukhjinder Singh also returned midway as they were exhausted. We called up Raghubir on the phone, trying to convince him to return. However, he did not agree,\" Navdeep told police.The body was handed over to the family after postmortem.\"Despite strict warning by police, the desire to reach the restricted Rohtang Pass caused this accident. The police rescue team posted at Marhi warns tourists not to go beyond Sagu but visitors become adventurous, which eventually leads them into trouble. Taking a lesson from this incident, police have decided to be rude with such persons only for their welfare,\" Manali deputy superintendent of police Shamsher Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650747", "title": "Law on no tobacco shop near schools goes up in smoke", "text": "MUMBAI: Though rules prohibit the sale of tobacco products within 100 yards of educational institutes, a survey conducted by an NGO has revealed that the regulation is being violated with impunity. Of the 200 government and municipal schools surveyed by the NGO, over 60% had a tobacco-selling establishment within 100 yards.The survey, conducted by Salaam Bombay Foundation, found as many as 307 shops selling tobacco products operating within 100 yards of 122 institutes. What's more, 30% of these shops are illegal and do not have a licence. While most of these shops sell packaged food and soft drinks, they also stock tobacco products.Last month, the BMC issued a circular banning the sale of tobacco and tobacco products to minors and within 100 yards of educational institutes. The circular also said that licences of shops advertising tobacco products will be revoked. The circular is meant to implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products ( COPTA) Act, which was passed in 2003.Devika Chadha, programme director of Salaam Bombay Foundation, said the vendors were informed about the rule two weeks prior to the survey. \"We started the survey on April 25 and it took us about a week to complete it. Despite the BMC's circular, tobacco and tobacco products are being sold near schools. In fact, most of the shops advertise the fact that they stock tobacco products.\"The survey found that in addition to permanent shops, many makeshift stalls (better knows as tapris) have come up in the vicinity of schools.Following the ban on advertising of gutka and cigarettes on shops, product owners have come up with innovative ways to grab eyeballs. \"Two shops near schools in Andheri had covered boards advertising cigarettes and gutka but were running a slideshows on these products on a screen installed inside,\" said Chadha.The BMC said it was in the process of sensitizing licensed vendors near schools about the rule and the harmful effects of tobacco. \"We had issued circulars to all educational and health officers as well as license inspectors to implement the law. All the licenses cannot be cancelled directly. We have given vendors and shopkeepers some time to stop the sale and advertisement of tobacco products. Our aim was to achieve this before the start of the new academic term, but this might not be possible. We need more time,\" said Dr Anil Bandiwadekar, executive health officer, BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651595", "title": "Kolkata paralysed with government sanction, jamboree ends with Eden lathicharge", "text": "KOLKATA: It started with celebration, led to chaos across the city and ended with a lathicharge at Eden. What's more shocking, the jamboree that paralysed most of Kolkata on Tuesday had government sanction.Indeed, it was a victory to savour and lakhs cheered the Knights and hailed Shah Rukh Khan , but the frenzied celebration left lakhs others stranded in the sweltering heat. Roads were blocked and traffic diverted to help the carnival unfold. Even if you were an SRK fan or a KKR devotee, roasting in a bus or taxi wasn't fun, especially if there were appointments to keep or a job to go to.Paralyzing the city to hail an IPL victory was stretching things a bit too far, said sociologist Prasanta Ray. \"It was a very clever political ploy of getting Kolkatans, who are starved of success, engaged in a wild celebration. They forgot their woes for a few hours. The real extent of achievement did not matter to them. Nor did it occur to them that all norms were thrown out of the window, protocol broken and every sense of proportion lost. It was almost comical but everyone was ready to overlook these and share the success,\" said Ray.\"We, perhaps, need to ask if this victory is big enough to throw norms and courtesy to the winds. Even the governor was asked to shake a leg which is quite disturbing,\" Ray remarked.Apruba Ray, a Behala resident, had just walked out of Jatin Das Park Metro station and was headed for Hazra crossing, 50 metres away, when police stopped him and asked him to take a 4km detour via Bhowanipore. Apruba was flummoxed. \"It was ridiculous. More so because there was enough space for pedestrians. I got late for an appointment,\" he said.Author Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay isn't surprised by \"this madness\". \"IPL is just a domestic tournament but has been hyped beyond its merit. A victory, naturally, was going to generate hysteria. Moreover, the team has a Kolkata tag and is owned by Shah Rukh Khan, who is not only the country's biggest star but also the state's brand ambassador,\" said Mukhopadhyay. He sees nothing wrong in the frenzied celebration, but feels it could have been more disciplined.Former cricketer Sambaran Banerjee agreed: \"While it was wonderful to see the city celebrating a victory, it could have been planned better. It's unfortunate that commuters had a tough time.\"There's nothing wrong with going overboard once in a while, argued percussionist Bickram Ghosh . \"I agree that we are starved of success and the few that we chance upon are obviously seized with zeal. Kolkatans are emotional and we love celebrations. But if it paralysed traffic, then they ought to have been more careful ,\" said Ghosh.At Eden, the chaos had been building up since morning. By noon, there were at least 1.25 lakh people in the gallery while the capacity is 65,000. There were no less than 35,000 people outside, say sources, and police were struggling to keep the crowd behind the guard-rails. \"The pressure was increasing to such an extent that the lives of children in the crowd would have been at stake,\" said a senior officer.Police denied there was a lathicharge. \"We had to push people back. Otherwise, there could have been a stampede and casualties,\" said joint commissioner (HQ) Jawed Shamim. At least two persons wearing KKR jerseys were seen charging the crowd with batons. However, Shamim could not identify them as police personnel.The police had less than a day to prepare for the Eden jamboree bur managed it without any major incident. \"We had a harrowing time handling the crowd. This resulted in a scuffle. People climbed every tree-top around Eden. Even the temporary bamboo watch tower for police was taken over by KKR fans,\" said an officer.The cops had a tough time inside the stadium as well. On seeing some seats in the gallery empty, chief minister Mamata Banerjee asked police to allow the crowd outside to enter, without realizing that the fans had only moved to the lowest tier to get a close look at SRK. \"Ami police ke bolchhi. Bairer lokder dhukte din. Era sakal 8 ta theke ekhane dariye ache,\" she said. This created a new trouble for police as the chaos outside pushed in. Police quickly understood the danger of this over-crowding and started sending people back.The situation again went out of hand when SRK left Eden to board his white Merc. \"People started rushing to catch a closer glimpse. At one time the barricades were swept way and people started falling on the ground. It was a dangerous situation. There could have been a stampede,\" said police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13655858", "title": "1 killed, 3 injured in bridge pillar collapse", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: One worker was killed and three others were seriously injured when one of the pillars of an under-construction bridge on the Tandava canal collapsed on them at Gummadikonda in Natavaram mandal in Visakhapatnam district on Tuesday. The condition of the injured workers is said to be critical.The deceased was identified as B Mosu Babu, 23, of Gummandikonda village. The injured were K Chinna Satti Babu, K Nageswara Rao and D Veeraju. Around 40 workers were engaged in the work when the pillar collapsed in the afternoon. Babu was crushed to death under it. The others suffered serious head injuries and multiple fractures. They were taken to Narsipatnam area hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651809", "title": "Poor turn their back on elite schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Much to their respite, the most sought-after private schools under RTE have been left high and dry on admissions under the RTE quota. Even before they could strike off the poor, the Economically Weaker Section has completely discarded them.Major city schools say they have received hardly any applications for admission under the RTE quota. While Delhi Public School has received only one application form, National Public School (NPS) said it's received four or five requests for admission. Likewise, other private schools have also received a minimal number of application forms.\"We have not received any admission forms from RTE quota students. Anyway, we are done with the admission process and are holding a dialogue with the government to get exemption from RTE for this academic year. Although no decision has been taken yet, no one either from the EWS or disadvantaged section came to us for admission,\" said Deepa Sreedhar, principal, Sri Kumaran Children's Home.The scenario is more or less similar in all other elite schools that do come under RTE. NPS Koramangala says the school received one inquiry about admission, but the applicant did not return. \"We answered their queries and asked them to come back for admission. But they never returned. I feel this reaction has a lot to do with psychology. Parents from the EWS section have doubts about how their kids will cope amid children from a completely different part of society,\" said Bindu Hari, principal, NPS Koramangala.Although Delhi Public School has lately joined the league of minority institutions, it received only one admission query before getting the minority certificate. \"We got one query for Class IV. Now we are out of RTE, after receiving the minority certificate,\" said Mansoor Ali Khan, member, board of management, Delhi Public School.Indirect applications flood BEOsChildren from EWS have a long way to go, with the first stumbling block in the form of the school management rejecting the admission application. According to data gathered from DDPI offices, 337 admission forms were rejected by city schools. \"We've received 265 indirect admission forms. Indirect forms are those applications that are rejected by school managements at the time of submission and then come to us. There are many schools denying admission and parents turn to us as their last resort,\" said an education officer. Similarly, 72 indirect applications have been received from Bangalore South.At least 3,061 applications were received by Block Education Officers across Bangalore, apart from those submitted online or directly to the school authorities. While 1,568 admission forms were submitted from Bangalore North, 1,494 applications were received by Bangalore South. Around 400 indirect application forms have also been identified by BEOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13666443", "title": "Madhavan and Lakshmi Manchu to host SIIMA in Dubai", "text": "Superstars, Red Carpet, Flash bulbs popping, fans going hysterical .........The first South Indian International Movie Award (SIIMA) promise to have it all. For the first time South India will have its own awards which will travel abroad. SIIMA will reward the best works in the Telugu ,Tamil, Malayalam and the Kannada film Industry. The 2012 awards will be held on June 21st and 22nd in Dubai.The awards ceremony promises to be a star studded affair with popular actor Madhavan and Lakshmi Manchu hosting the whole show. The starlit evening will also see performances by Sameera Reddy, Shruti Hassan , Hansika Motwani, Amla Paul, Mamta Mohandas and many more.The event will be a two day affair where in the first day will be the next gen awards where in awards for five popular categories will be given away and the entertaining eve will be hosted by model and former beauty queen Parvathy Omanakuttan.SIIMA is looking at promoting the south Indian film Industry on a global platform. Though the South Indian film industry constitutes for the largest number of films released in India and the Indian Box office collections of a hit South Indian movie is at par with any hit Bollywood Movie, the over seas revenue of South Indian movie is 10% of the same kind of bollywood movie. Industry sources feel that SIIMA will help South Indian Cinema reach out to its global audience and in turn help in the increase of over seas revenues.SIIMA will reward the greatest cinema achievements of the year 2011 who will be nominated by a jury of artists and professionals from all the four industries. The awards will be presented for individuals who have excelled in various categories .The nominees who have been shortlisted by the jury will then be voted by their fans across the globe by various mediums of print, online and messages. The winners for the awards will be selected based on these polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13653147", "title": "Bhiwani, Narnaul to be considered as counter-magnet towns for NCR", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central government has agreed to examine the demand to include Bhiwani and Narnaul towns of Haryana in the NCR (national capital region) as counter magnet towns, state excise and taxation minister, Kiran Choudhry, said on Tuesday.Speaking to The Times of India, Choudhry said she had recently written to Union urban development minister, Kamal Nath , in this regard and he has responded positively to her demand.Hisar and Ambala have already been declared as NCR's counter-magnet towns and the government has sanctioned various projects for providing necessary amenities to these cities, Choudhry said.Counter-magnet towns are identified as those which can be developed as alternative centres of growth and attract migrants to them, rather than Delhi. Promoting growth of counter-magnet towns is the principal component of the strategy, so as to reduce both migration and population explosion in the Delhi metropolitan area.State financial commissioner (town and country planning), S S Dhillon said that 35 towns, out of total 84 such townships of Haryana, are already part of NCR.The National Capital Region Planning Board gives loans to develop basic infrastructure in counter-magnet towns. For sewerage and water supply facilities, the board provides 15% grant of total investment and remaining funds are provided as loans payable in 15 years, an official said.A social activist, Ved Prakash Vidrohi, who has been fighting for development of southern Haryana, said that Narnaul town is lacking basic amenities and its residents don't get proper drinking water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13668617", "title": "Fuel crisis eases out in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The six-day fuel shortage in the city ended on Wednesday morning after petrol pumps received supplies from the three ships that docked at the Chennai Port on Tuesday. The vessels from Kochi brought in 67,000 kilo litres of petrol and diesel on Tuesday afternoon. In addition, 2,000 kilo litre of fuel was being brought to the city by road from Bangalore and a few other shipments are likely to reach Chennai port on Wednesday.Chennai needs 2,100 kilo litres (KL) of petrol and 2,500 KL of diesel per day. Oil companies said the closure of Mangalore Refineries and Petrochemicals refinery for over ten days and lack of supply from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) led a severe fuel shortage in the city.Since last Thursday, petrol pumps in the city either shut down or had long serpentine queues. The fuel shortage led to increase in vegetables prices in the city. Water supply was affected in many areas as tankers did not have fuel. Most people depended on state-run public transport or auto rickshaws. On Tuesday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had convened a meeting of the oil company officials to discuss the crisis.\"We are having adequate supplies now. The problem seems to have been sorted out,\" said a spokesperson from Indian Oil Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13652899", "title": "Panel to probe 'non-action' by cops against NRI husband", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab state commission for NRIs has ordered the Amritsar's police commissioner to probe allegations of \"non-action\" against cops in a complaint filed against an NRI in dowry harassment case.The commission comprising chairperson, justice (retired) Arvind Kumar and ADGP-cum-member S Chattopodhyaya on Tuesday also asked the IG (NRI affairs) to supervise the progress of the investigation.Parminder Kaur, hailing from Amritsar district had alleged that her marriage was performed with an NRI Alamjeet Singh on October 9, 2011.\"His parents starting torturing me and demanding dowry from my parents,\" said Kaur in the complaint.\"My husband assured that everything will be settled down with the passage of time. On October 28, 2011, he left for United Kingdom , but assured me that he will apply for spouse visa and would send it within 2-3 months. But he didn't send it and now asking for divorce,\" she alleged.She claimed that a case has been registered against him and his family members at Amritsar, but \"police are not taking any action against them\".Seeking the intervention of the commission, she said her husband should return to India and face trial before the court.After pursuing the averments, the commission observed, \"In the recent past, one issue which has held the centre-stage is the matrimonial dispute in relation to the NRIs. Women married to NRIs are abandoned even before being taken by her husband to the foreign country of his residence.\"Terming the present case of similar nature, the commission further observed, \" Women trapped in such fraudulent marriages with overseas Indians are increasingly reported. This is a menace and needs to be curbed with stern hands. Since there is no comprehensive and special laws to govern such aspects and also in view of jurisdictional issues involved in such matrimonial cases, women are being deprived of justice. To curb this menace, effective legislation, awareness programmes, special legal cells are the need of the hour.\"\"Complaint has already been registered in this case but no action is taken by the police as they are under financial influence of her in-laws, as has been alleged in the complaint,\" said the commission.The commission also ordered that one set of complaint, documents and order be also sent to the passport officer, Jalandhar, and for taking an appropriate action in accordance with law under the Passport Act 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13650452", "title": "70 sovereigns of gold jewellery seized from two burglars", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 70 sovereigns of gold jewels, a two-wheeler and Rs 2.20 lakh were seized from two burglars who were arrested on Monday. The duo was involved in a series of burglaries in Singanallur area over the last two months.The accused, identified as S Venkatesh (35) and R Ramesh (34), both hailing from Theni district, had broken into five houses in Singanallur area. Venkatesh was involved in various burglary cases in Tirupur, Trichy, Madurai and Coimbatore.Police said Ramesh was staying in a rented house at Varadarajapuram in the city. An auto rickshaw owner, Ramesh used to roam the neighbourhood to identify locked homes that would be suitable to burgle. After identifying the house, he would inform Venkatesh, who would reach Coimbatore from Theni.As per their modus operandi police said Ramesh would drop Venkatesh in front of the selected house at night and go back home. Venkatesh used to break into the house and remain inside till 5am when the police would end their night patrol. He would then decamp with valuables. He sometimes managed to escape in the victim's vehicle. Police failed to lift fingerprints from the burgled houses as he always wore socks during the act.Venkatesh had burgled the house of S Manonmani (47) at Kothari Nagar near Singanallur and looted 40 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs 3 lakh on May 12. On the same day, he attempted to break into the house of an income tax officer in Kothari Nagar. But he escaped empty-handed when the burglar alarm went off.\"While he was at Manonmani's house, he had observed police officers on night patrol. At 5a.m. he left the crime scene and attempted to steal one of the police bikes to flee. Unable to start the bike, he decamped with the valuables.Venkatesh was arrested in November 2011 by Tirupur police in connection with a robbery case. He was out on bail on December 29, 2011 and came under city police radar when they found that he often travelled out of Theni.A special team, led by assistant commissioner of police K Ramachandran traced his activities and arrested Venkatesh and Ramesh during a vehicle check at Varadarajapuram on Monday evening. The duo was sent to judicial custody and has been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison.\"Venkatesh is facing at least 40 criminal cases in various districts. He was involved in five burglary cases in Singanallur,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652063", "title": "Scheme for new mothers extended to all categories", "text": "BANGALORE: There's good news for pregnant women who cannot afford services at private hospitals and clinics: They can go to public health institutions for a no-expense delivery, including Caesarean section.Concerned over the poor response to the Janani-Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK), a scheme sponsored by the Union ministry of health and family welfare, the Centre has introduced changes in guidelines to ensure better implementation.A major change is that all women irrespective of financial status can avail of the benefits. \"Earlier, the scheme was applicable only to women who were below poverty line, but now it's been extended to all categories,'' nodal officer S Sreenivas told TOI.Official sources said the scheme had not been a great success so far in Karnataka due to various reasons but the major ones were lack of awareness and complex procedures to avail of benefits. \"The government has simplified the cumbersome procedures and extended it among all categories of women,'' a senior officer said.Now, pregnant women needn't pay for childbirth, medicines, food and a host of other things, with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) taking care of their expenses. The scheme was launched in June 2011.Sreenivas said facilities have been offered to pregnant women at all major government hospitals in the state. He added that women enrolled under JSSK are being offered free drugs and consumables, free diagnostics, free blood when required, and free diet for duration of a woman's stay in the facility.He said similar entitlements are in place for all sick newborns in public health institutions for healthcare for 30 days after birth. They're entitled to fee treatment besides free transport and between facilities in case of a referral. The initiative is estimated to benefit about 1 crore pregnant women and newborns every year.JSSK's Objectives* Reduce rate of population* Reduce infant mortality rate* Improve coverage of institutional delivery* Increased contraceptive use by eligible couples* Better access of postnatal and newborn care* Improved coverage for childhood immunizationThey're entitled to:Free and cashless delivery, free C-section, free treatment of sick newborn up to 30 days, exemption from user charges, free drugs and consumables, free diagnostics, free diet during stay in health institutions (3 days for normal delivery and seven for caesarean section), free provision of blood, free transport from home to health institutions, free transport between facilities in case of referral as also drop back from institutions to home after 48-hour stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13651990", "title": "One more held in TP murder case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police have arrested K Afsal, a native of Vadakara, on charges of procuring SIM cards using forged identity cards for the assailants of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. Cops said Afsal bought four SIM cards and gave them to Dilshad, an accused in TP murder case, who is already in police custody.Afsal is said to have forged documents using his own photograph and fake addresses. The SIM cards used by killers were later recovered from near Mundolkadavu bridge in Vadakara.The murders are suspected to have used at least 50 new SIM cards for the killing. The conspirators, who knew that the police are likely to track them using the mobile phones, asked the assailants to use only new mobile phone connections and phones for the operation.Meanwhile, CPM state secretariat member Elamaram Kareem has said that party area secretary C H Ashokan's contention that an industrialist in Azhiyur had animosity towards slain RMP leader was not CPM's opinion.He said what Ashokan said in his bail application was his own opinion. \"As the Onchiyam area secretary, Ashokan knew the developments at Azhiyur. He wanted that angle to be probed,\" he said.Ashokan had said that the industrialist wanted to set up an ice plant at Azhiyur and had spent lakhs of rupees as investment. Chandrasekharan had opposed the move and thereby incurred the wrath of the industrialist, Ashokan said in his petition. But the Mumbai-based industrialist P V Sukumaran has said he was nothing to do with the murder.His relative Pradeep Kumar, who was planning to build the plant, said TP was not in the forefront of the agitation and therefore there no question of having any grudge against him. The plan for an ice plant at Thondivayal in Azhiyur was mooted in 2009. Locals formed an action council and protested against the project saying that it will adversely affect the drinking water availability in the area.CPM and Janata Dal supported the plant while others opposed it. Later on the RDO ordered not to proceed with the project. A case on the issue is pending in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655700", "title": "Oil tankers arrive with fuel, crisis in Chennai set to end today", "text": "CHENNAI: Singed by a severe fuel crisis over six sweltering days, the city on Tuesday finally saw hope arrive by sea, with two tankers carrying diesel and petrol docking at the Chennai port on Tuesday and a third set to steam in on Wednesday.As the first Indian Oil Corporation vessel, with 26,000 kilolitres of diesel, reached the city before noon on Tuesday and began offloading its consignment, chief minister J Jayalalithaa convened a meeting of officials and later said retail supply of fuel would resume by midnight.Fuel will be pumped out of the second vessel, loaded with petrol and 18,000 kilolitres of diesel, from early Wednesday morning. Oil company officials said fuel supply would return to normal by Wednesday evening.Chennai port officials said the third tanker, carrying 6,000 kilolitres of diesel, would berth by Wednesday evening. \"Since the port has only one berth to receive consignments of oil, fuel from only one vessel can be unloaded at a time,\" a port official said. The chief minister said 2,000 kilolitres of diesel would also be brought to the city from Bangalore by road. \"IOC and HPCL are also taking steps to distribute petrol and diesel to all city and suburban areas,\" Jayalalithaa said.The tankers will bring a total of 67 ,000 kilolitres of petrol and diesel to the city .IOC executive director V K Jayachandran said supply of fuelwouldbe restoredwith the diesel from the oil tankers . \"ChennaiPetroleum Corporation Ltd, one of the primary suppliers to the city , is maintaining normal production and oil companies will work extended hours this week and , if required , on Sunday to ensure that fuel is supplied across the city ,\" he said .After six straight days without petrol and an unprecedented shortage of petrol , prices of essential commodities and vegetables threatened to spiral out of control on Tuesday . Several localities dependent on water supply by tanker lorries were left without drinking water and regular life was hit in the city .Private transport agencies limited operations and small businesses dependent on generators were severely affected , but queues outside petrol bunks began to grow smaller by the evening as dealers received stock from oil companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653983", "title": "Pune man killed in blast laid to rest in Iraq", "text": "PUNE: Abbas Manasawala, a Pune resident who was killed in a blast in Iraq , was laid to rest there while his family members are battling injuries in a hospital in Baghdad.Manasawala, a resident of Premanand park in Wanowrie, was killed in a blast on the Syria-Iraq border on Sunday evening. He was among a group of Indian pilgrims travelling to the holy city of Karbala in central Iraq.Masanawala, his wife Saeeda, daughter Lubaina Zariwala, son-in-law Yusuf Zariwala and grandson Burhanuddin Zariwala had left for Karbala on the night of May 23. They reached Syria on May 24. Saeeda, Lubaina and Burhanuddin have sustained injuries.Munira Harneswala, the victim's relative and a resident of Shivam co-operative housing society in Wanowrie, on Tuesday said that Lubaina and Burhanuddin were undergoing treatment at a hospital in Baghdad while the condition of Saeeda and Yusuf was reported to be stable.Munira said, \"My husband Mustafa Harneswala has flown to Iraq. I don't know when they will return. We are waiting patiently.\" Masanawala owned a hardware shop at Raviwar Peth.Jaya Kataria, Masanawala's neighbour in Premanand park said that Masanawala will always be remembered for maintaining good relations with his neighbours. Kataria said she came to know about his tragic death after the news spread in the society on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13656016", "title": "Divya case: Hearing on accused bail plea on June 1", "text": "KANPUR: The second bail application was moved by Peeyush Kumar Verma, an accused in Divya murder case, in the court of the district judge on Tuesday.The application was transferred to the court of first additional district and sessions judge. ADJ Vijay Laxmi fixed June 1 for hearing, when additional district government counsel sought time to file objections. Divya alias Anushka's case had shocked the city on September 27, 2010.Divya, a nine years old girl student of Bharti Gyan Sthali School in Ganesh Nagar was subjected to inhuman behaviour in the school. She later succumbed to internal injuries. The police had registered a report on September 27 and falsely implicated Munna on October 6, 2010 and claimed to solve the case. Munna was later proved innocent and discharged by the court.The earlier investigation from September 27 to October 24, 2010 was conducted by the civil police.Thereafter, the investigation was carried out by CB-CID. Peeyush Kumar Verma, Mukesh Verma, Chandrapal Verma and Santosh Kumar Mishra were arrested and charged under Sections 302/307/376/511 of IPC.The district court had rejected bail applications of all four accused. Recently, the Allahabad High Court had granted bail to Chandrapal on the basis of his old and ill health and Mukesh.The second bail application of Peeyush was moved by his uncle Indrapal Singh. The first bail application was rejected by the then district and sessions judge Sudhir Kumar Saxena on January 6, 2011, when Indrapal had refused to plead on the bail application and had informed the court that as soon as he would engage any other lawyer, he would inform the court. He further submitted that he had nothing to say and court might pass any order which it thinks fit. The judge observed that since the accused were not forcing (pleading) their bail applications, therefore same were being rejected.Indrapal in his submission, had urged that CB-CID had charge-sheeted Peeyush and others on the basis of DNA report and mobile location. Samples were sent to the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting &amp; Diagnostics (CDFD), Hyderabad to check the DNA. Instead of submitting the report from Hyderabad, the CB-CID had submitted an opinion of ML Paliwal, a Lucknow-based scientist. His report states that profile of accused Peeyush, Mukesh and Chandrapal matches the sample of Divya.The scientist, in his statement recorded under Section 161 CrPC, had said that no definite opinion could be given. Moreover, the prosecution had not filed the details of mobile location. In support of his claim he had also furnished call and mobile location details along with bail application.The court had fixed June 2 to hear the bail application of co-accused Santosh Kumar Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649708", "title": "Bus conductor returns bag with Rs 6 lakh gold", "text": "MUMBAI: A BEST conductor has set an example of honesty by returning a bag containing gold ornaments worth Rs 6 lakh that was left behind by a commuter.On April 23, after bus no. 332 reached the Kurla depot and all commuters left, Ganpat Satre conducted a quick check of the vehicle when he spotted a bag lying on a seat. He immediately picked it up and handed it over to the depot manager who opened the bag to find in it 200 gm of gold, market value of which is estimated at Rs 5.80 lakh.\"The depot officials told me about the incident. Impressed by Satre's honesty, I invited him to the BEST committee meeting to honour him for his act in front of other members and officials. His act had made the organization proud,\" said BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil, who learnt about the incident after he paid a visit to the Kurla depot on Monday.All the praises, however, seemed to have little effect on Satre who said, \"I have just followed my duty. I am happy that people have appreciated the act.\"Satre, who has been employed with BEST for the past 22 years, has an impeccable record. His salary, which is Rs 20,000 a month, may not be too large an amount but he has never swayed from his path of integrity. A few years ago, he had handed over an unclaimed bag, which he found inside a bus at Dharavi depot, to the officials. The bag contained Rs 4,500 in it.A BEST official said, \"We are exploring the possibility of promoting him as it will be an apt reward for him and a motivation for the others in the organization.\" Satre will also be felicitated at a function on BEST Day on August 7 for his unimpeachable track record. Patil said, \"Satre is an ideal ambassador for BEST at a time when we only hear complaints about rude behaviour of BEST drivers and conducters.\"Known for his hard work, Satre has accumulated 440 paid leaves which he plans to encash to pay the fees for his son, who is pursuing an engineering course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650355", "title": "Indoreans fume at cooling charges", "text": "INDORE: Karan Chawla, a working professional went to buy a 500 ml bottle of a soft drink from a store in Scheme 54. But he was in for a shock when the shopkeeper asked for Rs 30 against the maximum retail price (MRP) of Rs 28.The extra Rs 2 was being asked for 'cooling charges.'Karan is not the only person who has suffered the heat of cooling charges amid sweltering heat of the season. With the mercury soaring to its apex during nautapa, shopkeepers are trying to make maximum profits by selling chilled water and soft drink bottles at a price higher than the MRP. And parched throats compel the residents to accept their illegal demands in the name of 'cooling charges.'Of late, many such cases in Indore have come to notice wherein shopkeepers charged extra money for providing customers the chilled soft drink bottles. The shopkeepers claim to charge those extra bucks for providing refrigerated bottles.Aboli Kale, a student, had gone to visit the city zoo and was charged Rs 20 extra for two bottles of a mango drink. \"As we were thirsty after the walk in the sun, I bought two bottles of mango drinks and I had to shell out Rs 10 extra per bottle. On questioning their demands, pat comes the reply: \"Either you buy it or leave it,\" she said.Rajeev Thada, a resident of Anoop Nagar, bought 1.25 litre bottle of a soft drink from a store in South Tukoganj. \"The marked price on the bottle was Rs 35 while I was asked to pay Rs 5 more as cooling charges. When I refused to pay, he took back the bottle from my hand. With no other option left and scared of a possible embarrassing situation, I, unwillingly, decided to pay the extra money,\" he added.Several customers duped by shopkeepers across the city have also filed complaints for being asked for those extra charges. Weights and measurements department in Indore received such a complaint only a week back when a local shopkeeper asked for Rs 2 extra as cooling charges for a bottle of water.GS Waskel, deputy controller, weights and measurements department of Indore told TOI \"We have been receiving such complaints very frequently. Last year, two such complaints were received by our department wherein the shopkeepers had asked for a rupee more for chilled water pouches which were priced at Rs 2.\"\"Bill must be preserved and handed over to the department with complaint. Then only, a shopkeeper can be fined for charging extra money in the name of cooling charges and others. There is no legal provision wherein the shopkeepers can ask for cooling charges from customers,\" said Manish Swami, a city-based food safety officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13637442", "title": "Big fat Bollywood weddings", "text": "2012 is perhaps going to be the most talked about year - what with IPL, Ash's bold appearance at Cannes and celebrity weddings lined up.The year will see many a hearts breaking as some of tinsel town's most loved couples plan to put an end to all the rumoured speculations surrounding their romantic liasons. with Genelia tying the knot with her long time beau Riteish and Ram Charan Teja announcing his plunge into marriage, it's hope others will follow suit.Here's a lowdown on the upcoming celebrity weddings.Riteish and Genelia Deshmukh: It all began with Genelia and Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia saying 'I do' in February. The couple had a fabulous wedding ceremonies according to both Hindu Maharashtrian as well as Christian tradition. The grand ceremony was attended by who's who from all walks of life.Ram Charan Teja and Upasana Kamineni: The new angry young man of Bollywood is all set to marry his childhood sweetheart on June 14. The families of both Chiranjeevi and Kamineni are leaving no stone unturned to make it one of the popmpous weddings of the decade. Guests list includes the who's who in cinema, business and political circles. Upasana's farmhouse will be the wedding venue and will be done mostly in white, adorned with crystal decor imported from UK and chandeliers from China, a recent report said.Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan: They are considered the Branjelina of Bollywood. If reports are to be believed, 'Saifeena' as they are referred to by many a fans are all set to tie the knot on October 16 this year. If this indeed is the date, then it will definitely be one of the most talked-about event in the industry. Everyone's waiting with bated breath to know the wedding ensembles and who the designer's gonna be. Can't wait.Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Khemu: Soon after Saif gets hitched, his sister Soha will follow suit or at least so it seems. Mom Sharmila will be mighty impressed as the Pataudi clan will have two royal weddings to cheer about. The actress is all set to marry her long-time beau and actor, Kunal Khemu. The couple looked very much in love and happy together at Karan Johar's 40th birthday bash. Will the siblings have a joint wedding celebration?Let's wait and watch!Lisa Ray and Jason Dehni: The light-eyed model-actress is all set to marry the love of her life in Napa Valley , California on 20th October. News is she has asked her friend Wendell Rodricks to design her wedding aatire.Dia Mirza and Sahil Sangha: The former Miss Asia Pacific is open about dating Sahil Sangha, the director of her film Love Breakup Zindagi . It's been over three years since they first met and rest like they say is history! The actress is upbeat about her relationship and has confirmed in a recent interview that wedding preparations are already on! And here we wait for the wedding bells to chime for them soon.John Abraham and Priya Runchal: His break-up with long time girlfriend Bipasha might have been painful, but one of Bollywood's most eligible hunks, John soon found investment banker Priya to nurse his wounds with her love. John has moved on and expressed his desire to get married soon. Though John's confession thrilled his family, it has left his female fans heartbroken!Vidya Balan and Siddharth Roy Kapur: Ooh la la! Even though the couple chose to keep their relationship under wraps, their public appearances together have told a different story. Vidya Balan in one of her interview to TOI had said that she's in one of the most content phase in her relationship with Siddharth Roy (UTV CEO). She also admitted to dating the channel honcho in a recent media rendezvous. Her fans can't wait to hear the good news of this couple exchange wedding vows.Aditya chopra and Rani Mukherji are seeing each other, never once has the couple acknowledged it in public. In fact, Rani has even been called the 'other woman' who broke Aditya-Payal Khanna marriage. Aditya's parents, who were very much against the relationship finally seems to have given in considering their banner has produced some of the most romantic movies in Bollywood. Rani was also spotted celebrating Diwali at Aditya's home with his family. Let's hope the couple puts an end all the drama in true Bollywood style!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653113", "title": "Water-borne diseases loom large over Old City areas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Notoriously known for occurrence of water-borne disease, the old city area of Lucknow is living up to its reputation once again this summer. And. it is not only the quantity, but also the quality of drinking water that has come to haunt the residents of the Old City area. The worst sufferers are the residents of Chowk and Thakurganj, who are witnessing a sharp decline in the quality of water. In fact, they are forced to boil it before consuming it for domestic household tasks. \"How can we drink this?\" questioned Nezi Abdullah, a housewife and a resident of Chowk as she picked up a glass full of water to show the suspended particles. \"The locality has registered a dramatic plunge in the amount of drinking water,\" she declared. \"The water comes only twice a day, but the pressure is too low. And, it is declining with each passing day,\" she said.\"Forget about drinking, we cannot use the water even to clean our utensils and house, as the water smells badly and is unhygienic,\" said Nitin Sharma, who runs a general store in Nakkhas. Sharma picked up a bottle full of water to show its pale yellow colour. \"We have been complaining about this with the authorities for the past many years. But it appears that our complaints have fallen on deaf ears,\" he said.Lack of enough hand pumps has also aggravated the situation in parts of Old City area. A bylane of Chowk having over 100 shops, has only one hand pump. \"There is only a single hand pump in the entire lane. All the shopkeepers have contributed money to get a hand pump installed. But even that is getting under stress with each passing day,\" said Zaibaar Hussain, a shopkeeper.Repeated power outages that often span over a period of 10 to 12 hours have also affected the water supply. Residents claimed that the power cuts have left the bore wells of no use. \"It is high time that the state government should take a note of this and help the residents of the areas,\" said Farah Tabasum, a bank employee. Nupur Puri and Swati Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650209", "title": "Immigration fraud: One held at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man travelled to Paris two years ago on a fake French passport and had to serve 23 months in jail after being caught by the French police. The man was arrested again from the IGI airport on Tuesday for cheating Indian immigration, police said.\"Naina M Mohamed Anwar Ali, resident of River Bank road in Sirkali, Tamil Nadu was arrested after he arrived by an Air France flight as a deportee,\" an official said.Ali confessed that in 2009 he had gone to Paris from Chennai on a French passport, issued in the name of Marie Antoine Claude, which was arranged by an agent namely Sampath Raja Mani against a payment of Rs four lakh, a senior cop said.Ali was arrested by the French Police for possessing a forged French passport and therefore, he had to serve a jail term of about 23 months in France. On his return, Ali was again arrested at the IGI for cheating Indian immigration and using a forged French passport, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651830", "title": "For Mathew John Kachappilly it is a battle only half-won", "text": "KOCHI: Mathew John Kachappilly, who had been attacked and robbed of two-and-a-half kilograms of gold, has won half his battle.Even amidst the happiness of the real culprits being brought to light, Kachappilly laments that he lost around 5 kg of gold.Mathew Kachappilly still lives with a lifeless right hand which was chopped off by the culprits. Kachappilly, owner of Kachappilly Jewellers, Kizhakkambalam, was on his way back home after closing the shop on June 22, 2002.\"It was around 7 pm. I was on my way back home, just 400 m away from my shop, along with my two sons. We might have covered around 150m. On either sides of the road leading to my house are various government offices, including the village office and panchayat office. So, the place was almost isolated at night,'' Kachappilly recalls.\"Suddenly, three or four persons sprang upon me and a tall man hacked me on the head. Then I lost hold of my suitcase which contained gold. When I bent down to pick up the suitcase, they hacked me on my stomach. Then I fell down and the assailants continued to hack on my hand so as to force me to release the suitcase. They continued it till my palm was chopped off,\" Kachappilly said.\"My children Anil and Binil, then 16 and 14 years old, who stood frozen, ran to help me. When my elder son Anil got hold of the suitcase, the culprits started to attack him. In the meantime, my younger son took me to the autorickshaw stand just 150m away from the spot,'' he said.Kachappilly was admitted to a private hospital and underwent micro vascular surgeries so as to suture his palm.His elder son also had to undergo treatment to recover from the injuries suffered in the attack.\"Then it was time for a battle for justice. During the last 10 years, I approached three chief ministers, DGPs and other police personnel. I had to spend lakhs of rupees on treatment,'' Kachappilly said.\"In 2004, somebody entered my shop, breaking the wall on the rear side, at night and stole another 2.5 kg of gold. Now the culprits have been brought to book. But I am yet to get the stolen gold,'' he said. Anil Mathew, elder son of Kachappilly, recovered from the attack, and is now working in Dubai . Binil too works in Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13656163", "title": "More jobs for locals in Bharat Dynamics Limited demanded", "text": "Medak MP Vijayashanthi on Tuesday complained to Union defence minister A K Antony that the current recruitment process for non-executives being adopted in Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) was resulting in grave injustice to locals. The TRS MP, under whose constituency BDL is located, also wrote a letter urging Antony to direct the BDL officials to ensure that locals were given adequate representation in the recruitment process.She stated in her letter, \"Regarding recruitments for non-executives, they should give priority to qualified local unemployed youth.\" She said the Union minister responded positively to her request and claimed that the issue was also brought to the notice of BDL CMD S N Mantha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652413", "title": "Wagh slams Sattari raj in hospitals", "text": "PANAJI: Out of 168 patient attendants recruited by the previous Congress government in Goa in the last phase just before the election code of conduct, 117 are from Sattari taluka and therefore the appointments are not just, the Goa BJP said on Tuesday.The revelation came from BJP's St Andre MLA and party spokesperson Vishnu Wagh during a press briefing on Tuesday. Wagh was asked about the crowd agitating near the chief minister's Altinho bungalow because their appointments by the previous Congress government have been cancelled by the new BJP government.Wagh said that there should be total transparency while giving government jobs and that there should be no corruption or favouritism. Wagh said that the BJP had complete sympathy for the agitating people. But out of the 168 patient attendants taken, 103 were from Sattari and 14 were from Usgao, which is part of the Valpoi assembly constituency of Viswajit Rane.Wagh said, \"So 117 are from one cluster. Can it be that only people from Sattari are competent as patient attendants? You cannot give jobs to people of only one constituency. You must think of all Goa and you must give jobs on merit.\"When told that the government is a continuous process, Wagh shot back, \"These people have been cheated. When the powers that be don't follow procedures, is it not cheating? It is true that the government is a continuous process but does the government not have a right to correct the wrongs committed by the previous regime?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649218", "title": "Mumbai being Talibanised, young Mumbaikars say", "text": "MUMBAI: Earlier this year, a little after midnight, roughly 300 people found themselves locked inside a central Mumbai nightclub. A team of cops sealed the main entrance, entered the club and took roughly an hour to set up their cameras. During this time, no one was allowed to leave, not even to visit the restroom. Finally, a door was opened and guests leaving were videotaped, reportedly for \"reference\"Last month, a group of collegians hanging out on Carter Road promenade post 1.30am were abruptly asked to leave by patrolling policemen.A couple of weeks ago, at a private party in Bandra at about 4.30am the police came visiting. \"Loud music,\" they intoned and asked to be let in to conduct a search of the premises. The music was immediately turned off but the knocking didn't go away. They ignored the request for a show of panchnama and instead repeatedly asked to be let in. When refused repeatedly, they finally, albeit reluctantly, left.Self-righteous police appear to be butting in everywhere, often on the flimsiest of excuses. People who've been at the receiving end of police harassment are now pushing back. SMS campaigns asking young Mumbaikars to take to the streets on Friday to protest the 'Talibanisation of Mumbai' are being feverishly forwarded and Facebook groups such as 'SOS Mumbai Nightlife' have received enthusiastic support.Outdated, draconian laws, combined with a 'moral' crackdown by the men in khaki is turning Mumbai into a 'police state', say many youngsters. Arbitrarily rounding up guests at a party, or barging into people's homes, is clearly an attack on personal liberty, they add.\"If the police want to enter a home because of loud music, they need to have registered an FIR under the Environment Protection Act and they must also carry a panchnama,\" says former IPS officer-turned-lawyer, Y P Singh. \"Development Control Regulations state that the footpath and the promenade are an extension of the road, so if you can drive down a road at night there's no reason why you can't be sitting at Marine Drive. Preventing peaceful citizens from doing so is extra-legal and high-handed.\"Nightclub owners point to inconsistencies in the law that the police use to trip them up. \"They will bust a place at 11pm, see 20 people, and charge us with overcrowding,\" says a club manager from north Mumbai. \"Licences are subject to the rules of the fire department and no licence (including restaurants and banquet halls) defines the number of people that can be present inside. But a discotheque licence says that there can be only 20 couples on the dance floor. If I ran this club without a discotheque licence, I could have hundreds of people inside this place legally. But the moment I get a discotheque licence I can only have 40 people even if the floor space is the same as in a banquet hall. This actually discourages honesty,\" he says.Speaking of loopholes, Debashish Panda, who works as an animator in the TV industry, is irate at the mere suggestion of a drinking permit. \"These restrictions are tokenisms and a throwback to the prohibition era. The drinking permit is a scam whereby the government wants to make a quick buck,\" he says. Others are even less charitable, saying the permit actually serves as a licence to extort money.Almost every nightclub owner, staffer or clubber is full of stories of harassment by the police. \"An atmosphere of terror is being created. The message that the government is sending out is clear: we are anti-youth and anti-music,\" says the owner of a spiffy North Mumbai nightclub, who requested anonymity because he fears the police will turn vindictive. \"What else can one assume given that a top police officer has been quoted saying that he'd prefer everyone going to sleep at 10pm?\"The partner of a lounge in central Mumbai says she has no sympathy for those who peddle drugs or are involved in illegal activities. \"Throw those people in jail but you cannot treat innocent people like criminals,\" she says.While club managers and staff are at the receiving end of the harassment, the city's nightlife too is suffering. According to Natasha Pinto, a media professional, the cops need a priority check. \"Why are they hell-bent on choking this city of its nightlife when they have more serious issues like terrorism to deal with?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651189", "title": "CBI lists 23 men babus must shun", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some of India's most notorious arms dealers, well-connected chartered accountants and not so well-known consultants operating from various parts of the country have been named in the latest list of 23 \" Undesirable Contact Men\" (UCM) circulated within the government.The Central Bureau of Investigation , which prepares the UCM list, believes that these individuals are involved in manipulating government contracts, bribing officials and are a negative influence on good governance. The list is the most authoritative reference for senior officials on whom to shun.The latest list contains 23 individuals, with nine of them operating in the income tax department to manipulate decisions. At least two of these are chartered accountant brothers well known in Delhi's power circles. Also figuring in the list are five alleged arms agents, including some of India's most notorious ones.The list is supposed to guide officials when they are considering applications for accreditation or while accepting representatives of firms. According to the guidelines, the UCMs are not to be accepted for such dealings. Officials are to avoid associating with the UCMs socially and are not supposed to accept hospitality and gifts from them.One of the UCMs active in departments such as income tax, customs and central excise, MTNL, revenue and banking and oil PSUs such as IOC and ONGC operates out of a five-star hotel in Chanakyapuri, according to the list. Many are residents of posh colonies of the national capital.A Kolkata-based individual on the list is already under CBI investigation for fixing judgments of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal.Of the 23, at least 15 are based in the national capital. One of these, a leading arms dealer, has been based out of London for the past several years, though the list gives his Delhi address. Five of these UCMs are based in Mumbai, two in Kolkata and one in Chennai.The list of UCMs has been prepared by CBI since 1966, when it was put on the agenda for 'programme for vigilance and anti-corruption work during 1966\" and circulated as part of an order of the home ministry. The CBI prepares the list based on its suspicion of those who are resorting to \"corrupt or irregular practices in their dealings with official agencies\".Departments are supposed to send details of any of their officials maintaining contacts with any of the UCMs to the CBI director. Indian missions abroad are also supposed to be briefed about the UCMs, according to the guidelines.The list is made available to senior officials by the CBI. And for junior officials, the departments are supposed to discreetly disseminate the names to them but not to officials below the rank of deputy secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "13650937", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh's wife Gursharan Kaur bonds with Suu Kyi", "text": "YANGON: One of the highlights of PM Manmohan Singh's meeting with Aung San Suu Kyi actually came after the interaction when Singh's wife Gursharan Kaur had a pull-aside with the iconic leader. Kaur, apparently a huge admirer of Suu Kyi, had expressed her wish to meet the pro-democracy leader before her husband.Accompanied by a senior member of her NLD party, Suu Kyi called on Singh and after an almost hour-long meeting, the two leaders briefed the media in the hall right next to where the meeting took place. The reporters, however, were surprised to find themselves locked in the hall after the two leaders left. It later turned out that this was done to facilitate the meeting between Kaur and Suu Kyi, during which the PM too was present, in another room on the same floor. It lasted for close to 10 minutes.Kaur is said to have personally invited Suu Kyi to visit Delhi. Suu Kyi is an alumnus of LSR College and she expressed a desire to visit her college when she comes to Delhi. \"PM's wife also expressed a lot of appreciation for the work Suu Kyi is doing in the political transformation of Myanmar ,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653137", "title": "Time, garbage make Indara wells unwell", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mohammad Fareed sits gawkily cracking his knuckles, as a stream of shoppers pass through his shop famous for chikan clothes. But there is one more thing that makes his shop famous in the area - it is constructed over an ancient well!\"My shop is known as Kuan Wali Dukan (well shop) in the market and everyone is familiar with it,\" said Fareed, flashing a smile. Ignorant if he seems, Fareed, otherwise once knew the importance of the well, which was later covered with mud and garbage to pave way for a shop. \"The well was an 'Indara well' that quenched the thirst of many,\" he said. \"But gradually, the water dried up. My father had no option, but to use it as a space to get a shop constructed,\" he said. Local shopkeepers said that most of the wells in the area dried up almost 50 years ago.Historians point out that these wells were constructed by Nawab Fateh Ali Khan. \"This well was 40 feet deep,'' said Zaibar Hussain, a jeweller, pointing towards what look like a pit covered with garbage and mud. \"This was created for travellers and patients who used to come for treatment at that time in the hospital which was located nearby,\" he said. Hussain claimed that the well was constructed some 107 years ago.Many such wells have been brazenly encroached for one or the other purpose. In fact, one well is situated within a Hanuman temple on the main Chowk crossing. \"The well was constructed by the nawabs. But it had to be closed to pave way for a temple,\" said Budh Sagar Awasthi, the priest of temple. He claimed that water is still there in the well.The change has left the historians perplexed and angry. \"Post independence, nobody bothered to take care of the wells and things changed according to the demands of people and fashion,\" said historian Yogesh Praveen. Swati Sharma &amp; Nupur Puri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13670978", "title": "AIIMS mulls Facebook route to encourage organ donations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's premier medical institute AIIMS plans to take the help of social networking site Facebook to encourage voluntary organ donations.The Organ Retrieval Banking Organisation at AIIMS, the country's nodal centre engaged in encouraging organ donation, is planning to join Facebook in order to create awareness about it, Dr Arti Vij, chief of Organ Retrieval Banking Organisation at AIIMS said.\"We are still weighing the pros and cons of it. Facebook is a good platform to spread the message of voluntary organ donation to the masses. Once we have assessed everything, we will decide the day,\" she said.The organisation maintains the waiting list of terminally ill patients requiring transplants, donor registration, matching of recipients with donor, co-ordination from procurement of organs to transplantation, dissemination of information to all concerned hospitals, organisations and individuals, creating awareness, promotion of organ donation and transplantation activities.An individual can donate 11 organs which includes heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, pancreas, eyes, heart valve and skin.After the first heart transplant in 1994, only 30-odd transplants have been performed till date. Since 1972, only 20,000-odd kidney transplants have been performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661851", "title": "Shamone Jardin's wish list for IPL VI", "text": "The uber-hot Shamone, a blitzkrieg from Yuvi's balla, a dream final at Eden...No apsaras, please Yes , we love to cheer Team Kolkata, but does that mean we have to be egged on by the sight of apsaras in puff-sleeve blouses and sequinned saris? For if KKR had one disaster this season, it was the desi ishtyle cheergirls that they unveiled at the start of the tournament. Thank God sartorial sense prevailed and there was a wardrobe change midway, but the cheergirls still look more mashima than mushy muah! Bring on the skater skirts, SRK!Shalom, Shamone Her partner is hot property on the field, but off it, Shamone Jardim scorched a glam trail that will smoulder till next season. There's not much you can fault about Jacques and his gal - they're good-looking, smart, sexy and go-getting. On top of it, they want to get married in an Indian village! We'd suggest somewhere in rural Bengal, with full-on Bangali rituals. We're sure Jacques' teammates wouldn't mind lifting the bride for the subhodrishti moment!Star power You may not be welcome at the Wankhede, Shah Rukh, but Eden Gardens is an open playground for you. And your bachha party! Ask Suhana and Aryan to bring their classmates along and we don't mind you prancing around the park. But you have to promise to bring a sizeable Bollywood contingent. We have a certain someone in mind - she's wild, sexy and er... feline! With the 'junglee billi' on the prowl in Eden, we think Team Kolkata has the purr-fect chance of retaining the cup.Tata, Dada The 'Dada' hangover needs to go, ASAP! Mentor or no mentor, the next season, we want to see our Maharaj, not out there in the middle , but wedged comfortably between the swish set in the VIP box. If he wants, he can wave his jersey too from the balcony a la Lords. Wouldn't that be ab-solutely delightful? Talking of jerseys, we'd like to see him don the colour purple. C'mon Kolkata, let's show King Khan that we're all 'grown up' now!Skin's not in Dear Poonam Pandey , you were more 'tease' than strip. But finally, strip you did. However, unless you promise to augment your contours or undergo major bodily changes - maybe a tattoo down your sinewy back - we are through with all that skin show! Now that you have been offered a film, maybe that will keep you er... occupied for some time. However, for lack of something better to do, you can always make a raunchy video and leak it sneakily on the web.Yuvi's crackers We thoroughly missed Yuvi and his pyrotechnics this season of the IPL. Now that he's almost battle-ready, wouldn't it be great to see him play for Team Kolkata next year rather than ganging up with Preity Zinta? After all, who wouldn't want to see two dishy desi puttars - Gautam Gambhir and Yuvraj Singh - bonding on field and off it? Time to check those balance sheets, 'cuz this southpaw ain't coming cheap! SRK, hope you're listening?Partners, all KKR has had the zany distinction of having some innovative team sponsors this time - they have official partners for soaps and shampoos, ethnic wear, and even deo! Shrewd marketing, eh? We won't comment, but only suggest that some crazier ones should be added next year. We suggest: official partners for hair gel (Sunil Narine can advertise that), innerwear (since SRK loves flaunting them) and toothpaste (as Juhi can't stop smiling). Any more ideas?Happy endings A dream final at the dream venue, that's all we want from you Team Kolkata next year. If Shah Rukh says he wants to build a 'Manchester United kind of team', we would like to see a final nothing short of the grandeur that is the English Premiere League. Only, instead of chanting \"Glory, glory, Man United\", \"Korbo, lorbo, jeetbo re\" would be on the lips of the 67,000 odd spectators. Gauti can lift the cup and Shah Rukh can strip off his shirt and take a victory lap at the Eden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "edgbaston", "code": "13665019", "title": "In-form Broad not interested in taking 'rest'", "text": "EDGBASTON: Amidst talks that he may be rested for the third Test against the West Indies, England pacer Stuart Broad has said categorically that he does not want to be rested since he is in the \"best nick\" of his life.Both England captain Andrew Strauss and the bowling coach David Saker hinted that pace duo of Broad and James Anderson may be rested for the Edgbaston Test, starting June 7, under the rotation policy for the fast bowlers.England have already clinched the three-Test series by winning the first two games.\"I don't personally feel in need of a break. I actually believe I'm in the best nick of my life, so when you feel that way you want to carry on,\" Broad wrote in his column in 'Daily Mail'.Broad said he was in good rhythm and totally fresh after playing just two Test matches and two first-class games this season.\"It's worth remembering that I missed the Colombo Test against Sri Lanka through injury, so I haven't had a massive workload in the last few months,\" he added.However, he said he would respect the decision of the team management. England are planning to rest key players ahead of their packed summer schedule that include tours by Australia and South Africa.\"...if the powers that be do want any of us to sit it out I'm sure we will have to be told rather than volunteer. But it's their prerogative.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653254", "title": "Devotees throng temples as Bada Mangal festivity ends", "text": "LUCKNOW: The last Bada Mangal concluded on a colourful note in the city. Devotees thronged the temples to pay obeisance to Lord Hanuman. Temples reverberated with bhajans, Sunderkaand Paath and Hanuman Chaalisaa, which added to the divine mood. Organisations, groups, and people set up kiosks to distribute aloo puri, boondi and sharbat.Devotees queued up outside the Hanuman temples since early morning and the queue appeared to be an unending one. Streets were flooded with devotees, and virtually no space was left for movement of vehicles. \"It is the last time during the Bada Mangal for us to seek Lord's blessings. We made it a point to visit the temple and offer prasad,\" said Priya Gupta, a devotee at Hanuman Setu.Apart from the two big temples the entire city was under the sway of the festival. High security arrangements and traffic diversions were made throughout the city for the safety of the devotees and to streamline heavy traffic flow. Cops were seen on the streets to control the crowds. Close circuit cameras and metal detectors were also employed at the temples.Bada Mangal, the festival which is unique to the city is celebrated on every Tuesday of the Hindu month of Jyestha.A symbol of Hindu-Muslim unity the celebration of Bada Mangal dates back to around 200 years when a devout Muslim, Jaan-e-Aalia the second begum of Awadh's Nawab Shujaudaulah got the temple constructed. Queen Rabia Begum who is credited for the start of Bada Mangal fair got the Hanuman Temple in Aliganj constructed.The traditional fair was organised at Aliganj temple and men were seen masquerading as Lord Hanuman. (Asmita Pandey &amp; Priyangi Agarwal).While the children enjoyed swings and game shows, women made a beeline to the stalls selling household items and accessories. Food stalls were also a huge hit among the masses. \"Participating in the morning aarti is the luckiest part of the day. I offer prasad on every Tuesday, but on Bada Mangal especially it is more a pious deed,\" said Rashmi Sharma who visited the temple early in the morning with her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13663605", "title": "Jai Jai Maharashtra Majha", "text": "CreditsFilm: Jai Jai Maharashtra MajhaCast: Hemant Dhome, Anusha Dandekar, Mahesh Majrekar and othersDirector: Gautam JoglekarGenre: DramaRelease Date: 25 th MaySynopsis: The story revolves around the life of Ashwini Stevenson, a girl adopted from an orphanage by an American. After she becomes a famous tennis player, she plans a visit to India where she finds many strange connections with her past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "zaheerabad", "code": "13655316", "title": "Kin attack hospital over death of woman", "text": "ZAHEERABAD: Angry relatives and family members of a woman attacked the government hospital in Zaheerabad in Medak district on Tuesday after her death allegedly due to doctors' negligence.Sabina Begum, 24, died soon after giving birth to a baby boy in the late hours of Monday. The relatives alleged that the doctors and nurses did not attend to her despite their pleas to save her. Sabina developed complications after giving birth and died of heavy bleeding, sources said. The protestors broke the windowpanes of the hospital demanding strict action against the erring staff. They even manhandled some of the nursing and paramedical staff. Police intervened and dispersed the protestors. Health officials said the doctor on duty was suspended and added that action would be initiated against three nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652062", "title": "Town hall land for commercial use?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body will take up on Wednesday a controversial proposal to free the land reserved for building a new town hall. It will also decide on making available office rooms to political parties that NMC has been doing illegally all these years.The contentious issues will likely turn Wednesday's meeting a stormy one. Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre convened a meeting of Congress and Lokmanch corporators on Tuesday to decide strategy to oppose the moves. Thakre told TOI that the town hall land proposal was a ploy to hand over precious land to builders. \"NMC's town planning department has proposed to delete the reservation of town hall from the land at prime location at Raj Nagar in Chhaoni. The proposal has been prepared following a demand from East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde. It is a conspiracy as the land may then be given to builders for commercial exploitation. We will not let the proposal be approved,\" he said.Corporator Dr Prashant Chopra said the land was lying vacant and could be used for NMC's proposed multispecialty hospital or some other developmental project. \"Nazul department had leased out a portion of the land to someone before it was reserved. The remaining portion is open. NMC, instead of acquiring the land and making its use for developmental project, is proposing to delete the reservation. The land is situated in my ward and I will not allow any such proposal. According to current market value, the land is worth Rs 35 crore. NMC often cites lack of land for not undertaking developmental projects while it is giving up such prime land,\" he said.The ruling party is also set to pass the proposal to legalize allotment of office rooms to the political parties. Sources told TOI corporators from the ruling party would criticize the administration for not allowing political parties to occupy office rooms. The opposition will object to this as well.Thakre and other corporators are likely to demand recovery of Rs 50 lakh already spent on office rooms in the last five years. However, as a compromise, they may agree for allotment of rooms to political groups like Nagpur Vikas Aghadi but not to individual small parties.The Shiv Sena and social organizations will also add to the pressure by staging demonstration at Town Hall demanding regular water supply during summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650165", "title": "SICA School's Sandeep Dubey tops in commerce with 96.8%", "text": "INDORE: Sandeep Dubey of SICA School No. 2 at Scheme No. 54 topped the city with 96.8% marks in commerce stream in %the Class XII state board exam. He scored 100/100 in business studies, stated a release.This year 125 commerce students of SICA School No. 2 appeared for the Class XII examination out of which 12 scored above 90% and 47 students got more than 80% marks. In the science stream, Pallav Hetwal of SICA School at Scheme No. 78 stood second in the city with 95.6% of marks. He secured 99 marks out of 100 in biology, the highest in the city.Rohan Soni secured 100/100 in multimedia and web technology and Vaishali Sharma secured 100/100 in business studies. Total 171 students appeared from the science stream out of which 12 students secured 90% and above and 62 students got 80% and above. SICA management, principal and staff lauded the students who have brought laurels to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653847", "title": "Private bus operator told to pay 25,000 for forcing man to travel standing", "text": "CHENNAI: After being forced to travel standing for about 250 km, despite having confirmed tickets, N Karthik of Villivakkam approached the District Consumer Disputes' Redressal Forum (DCDRF), South Chennai, in July 2011, to protest the ill treatment meted out to him. Now, a bench of V Gopal, president and L Deenadayalan, member - I, DCDRF, has ordered that he be paid Rs 25,000 as compensation for the mental agony suffered.In his complaint, Karthik said he had booked two tickets with Universal Travels on April 19 last year to travel from Mayavaram in Nagapattinam district to Chennai. His wife and child were accompanying him on the journey which was scheduled for May 9. Karthik said that while the bus should have departed at 11 pm, it left only an hour later. On boarding the bus, he found that the seats reserved for him - B5 and B6 - were occupied by someone else.With the occupants refusing to vacate their seats, Karthik and his family had to travel standing as they were not provided any alternate seating arrangements. He maintained that this amounted to deficiency in service.Passing orders, the bench observed that natural justice required that the opposite party - the managers of Universal Travels at Egmore and Koyambedu, in this case - should be given an opportunity to defend its case by filing a proof affidavit, etc.The complainant had produced the passenger tickets issued to him, the legal notice issued to Universal Travels as well as the postal acknowledgment which indicated that the opposite party had received a copy of the legal notice served on it. Since they were \"absent for reasons best known to them\", the bench said it could only draw an \"adverse inference\" that the opposite parties had no valid case to defend.Pointing out that the complainant's version remained undisputed, the bench ruled that not providing Karthik and his family with seats for the journey amounted to deficiency in service. The representatives of Universal Travels were directed to pay Rs 25,000 as compensation for the mental agony and Rs 3,000 as costs of the complaint within six weeks of receiving the order. Failure to do so would attract an interest of 9%, the bench added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13651879", "title": "MP mining mafia kills cop in Rajasthan", "text": "ALWAR: Within three months of mowing down IPS officer Narendra Kumar, the mining mafia of Madhya Pradesh's Morena killed another policeman on Tuesday, this time in Rajasthan.Mahendra Singh (46), a head constable posted at Sagarpara police outpost, was crushed by a truck which came to Dholpur carrying illegally-mined gravel from Morena on Tuesday.Mahendra and another head constable, Virendra Singh, were chasing four trucks on their bike. One of the trucks hit their bike and ran over Mahendra. Virendra managed to escape with minor injuries.The police seized four trucks, but could not arrest anybody. Officers said the drivers managed to escape after leaving the vehicle.Mahendra, a resident of Dholpur, was earlier posted at the anti-dacoit branch. He was transferred to the Sagarpara police outpost recently to keep a watch on transportation of illegally mined produce between Dholpur and Morena.\"We are investigating if there is any link between the culprits behind the murders of Narendra Kumar and the head constable,\" said Dholpur SP Harendra Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651798", "title": "Spices Board a testimony to industry-govt tie-up", "text": "KOCHI: In a rare and refreshing display of fraternal feelings, the current chairman and all the previous chairmen of the Spices Board teamed up with its present and past employees to celebrate the silver jubilee of the board on Tuesday.The board's founder chairman and former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar was the chief guest.Chandrasekhar and other former chairmen T Nandakumar V Jayasankar, C J Jose, and V J Kuiren as well as the current chairman A Jayathilak said the success of Spices Board in promoting spice trade was a testimony to the possibilities of a government institution and industry working together.K P Somasekharan of Spices Board Pensioners' Welfare Association, Yogesh Mehta, president of the Indian Spices and Food Stuff Exporters' Association, Mumbai, Geemon Korah, chairman, All India Spices Exporters' Forum , Cochin, and Philip Kuruvilla, chairman, World Spices Organization were among those who spoke on the occasion.Spices Board could continue to deliver as it has evolved as a well-knit and cohesive institution and its entire staff could work in close coordination with the other stakeholders like spices producers and traders.There were apprehensions in the beginning whether the Spices Board will turn out to be a bureaucratic structure, Chandrasekhar recalled. But eventually the board could prove that it was a trade-driven body. The board has been sensitive to concerns of the producers and traders and even proactive in resolving their problems, he added.The support of the board came in handy for the traders for early lifting of \"the automatic detention order'' issued by the US against Indian pepper in mid 1990s, Nandakumar recalled.Pointing out that Spices Board had put in place a superb accounting system, Jayashankar said, \"Our accounts statements used to be ready for audit even by mid-April, and this came in as a surprise not only to the accountant general but to me as well. I was heading a government organization prior to that, and there accounts were not being written for the last 10 years, leave alone audits.'' Nandakumar said if the board and industry worked together in future also it would be possible to revive the past glory of the India in spices trade. We must be targeting dominance of India in the global trade, as was the case in 17th and 18th century.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656356", "title": "National Common Entrance Test: State to wait for one more year", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite Union government's decision to hold an all-India common entrance test, Indian Science and Engineering Entrance (ISEET), for admission to various engineering colleges from next year, the state government has decided to go ahead with Eamcet in 2013. The decision has been taken keeping in view the difficulties Telugu medium students might face in cracking the common entrance test. However, the state may agree to take part in ISEET at a later stage once the initial doubts are cleared.As per a decision taken by the central government on Monday, a single entrance test will be held for IITs, IIITs, NITs and other central government institutions and deemed universities starting next year. This would mean that IIT-JEE, AIEEE and other entrance examinations will be replaced by ISEET. Like Andhra Pradesh , some other states have also decided to wait and watch. The central government has said that the states that wish to join ISEET for admissions to state colleges can do so at a later stage.Ever since the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has decided to conduct ISEET, students from the state were a worried lot since scrapping of Eamcet could rob them of an advantage. \"Eamcet is conducted based on Intermediate syllabus and the examination is held even in Telugu medium. And this suits AP students better than an untested national-level exam,\" said Jayaprakash Rao, chairman, AP State Council of Higher Education. However, the central government's decision to introduce weightage for Intermediate marks in ISEET has drawn flak in the state. \"If weightage is given to Intermediate marks in ISEET, malpractices likely to take place since majority of junior colleges are run by private institutions,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, Junior College Lecturer's Association.Meanwhile, in spite of a high court order asking the state government to re-conduct the physics examination, Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) has decided not to hold the same. The Eamcet committee on Monday said that it would not wait for the results of the proposed physics reexaminations before releasing the Eamcet results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652566", "title": "Plus III applications available from June 1", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Online common application forms for Plus III admission will be available from June 1, two days after Plus II results are published on May 30. Students can apply for admission till June 15, the government has notified. The admission process will be completed by July 16 and classes will start on July 17.This time, the authorities will not send intimation to selected students for admission by post. All such communication will be through SMS and email. Students can also see the selection list and download intimation card from the website of the higher education department. \"Sending intimation letters by post is a time consuming process. It has been abolished,\" said an officer of Student Academic Management System (SAMS), the agency conducting the e-admission procedure.Unlike last year, there will no second selection list for e-admission. After the first round of selection, colleges can go for spot admission. \"From last year's experience, we have seen that 90% admissions are over in the first round of selection. The government has decided not to go for a second round, which may delay the admission process and onset of classes,\" a government officer said.Last year, 162 degree colleges had taken part in e-admission. This year it will be compulsory for all the over 650 colleges, except a few special category colleges, to participate in the e-admission process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13655420", "title": "Kabadiwallah helps lost kid find dad", "text": "NEW DELHI: For more than two years, Azad Hussain, a scrap dealer in Gurgaon , brought up little Aamir as his own son. The eight-year-old loved to sit on his lap and had even started calling his wife 'badi ammi' (elder mom). But his love for the boy did not detract Hussain from his duty - to find the boy's biological parents and restore him to them.That moment came on Monday, when Hussain's two-year search led him to Iqbal Ahmed, a labour contractor in south Delhi's Savitri Nagar. Ahmed lost Aamir on May Day two years ago, when the boy climbed onto a JCB for a jaunt and was gone.Aamir loves movies. But his own story would make for a dramatic script, beginning with the JCB ride near Mehrauli Road in the summer of 2010.\"Aamir often hitched such small rides on vehicles. In this case, no one noticed that he had travelled a long distance. Getting off at the Mehrauli bus stop, Aamir, then barely six years old, got confused and took a bus to Gurgaon. There, he desperately searched for a drain he believed would lead him back home. When he did not find it, he started crying,'' said additional DCP (south) Pramod Khuswah.Hussain, 28, who lives near South City in Gurgaon, found the crying boy and took him home. For the next two years, he not only cared for Aamir and ensured that he bonded with his own children, the scrap dealer would also ask the boy his address every other day. In reply, Aamir would only talk about the drain.\"In vain, Hussain searched for a drain matching the description. Then on Sunday, the child suddenly said 'Chirag Dilli' while watching news on TV. It did not take Hussain long to figure out that the drain he was searching for was situated in Savitri Nagar,'' said Khuswah.At Savitri Nagar, Aamir failed to locate his home. But a local samosa-seller came to their rescue . \"The samosa-seller told Hussain that he knew one Iqbal who had lost his son two years ago. They approached the Malviya Nagar police SHO Atul Kumar who found out that a case of kidnapping had been registered at the station on May 2, 2010 (FIR number 189/10). The father was called and the child united with him,\" said the officer. Cops at Malviya Nagar said Hussain couldn't stop crying after restoring Aamir to his parents . \"When we asked him to control himself, he said those were tears of joy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651344", "title": "'Bhujbals have been elected by public'", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhujbals have been elected to the assembly and the Lok Sabha and have never sought a backdoor entry into politics and they are working with the only agenda of development, Chhagan Bhujbal told reporters on Tuesday.\"Chhagan Bhujbal, his son Pankaj and nephew Sameer-all have won public elections and they do not run any political house. We have worked for the development and sought re-elections. If other elected representatives or even the guardian ministers do not work for their constituencies, it is not the fault of Bhujbals,\" the district guardian minister said. \"Is there any district guardian minister who is working in the manner in which I am?I will resign from the post if the public wants me to,\" Bhujbal said, criticising the media which claimed that the results to MLC elections had jolted his dream of taking Nashik in his stride. While Bhujbal senior was re-elected to the assembly from Yeola, his son was elected to the assembly from Nandgaon and nephew Sameer got elected as Nashik MP in 2009 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656146", "title": "Makers to run retail liquor shops?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Minister K Parthasarathy, who got charge of excise portfolio after the arrest of Mopidevi Venkataramana, has added a twist to the process of formulation of a fresh liquor policy by mooting the idea of having manufacturers run multi-brand retail liquor shops.While various models are being discussed, the minister's proposal has given a new direction to the cabinet sub-committee's deliberations on the new liquor policy. When the sub-committee meets on Wednesday, the focus is expected to be Parthasarathy's proposal. On Wednesday, the sub-committee is slated to consult representatives from all political parties.\"It is my idea to allow manufacturers to sell their products through retail outlets as is the case with goods such as apparels, mobiles, and automobiles. I think that would bring a corporate touch to liquor sales and also address irregularities such as MRP violation and sale of non-duty paid liquor,\" Parthasarathy told TOI.Acknowledging concerns of all stakeholders, the minister directed excise officials to a working model that keeps in mind the interests of all. In response, the officials are understood to be designing a model wherein retailers would be franchisees of the manufacturers.\"I think this model would provide equal opportunity to both manufacturers and retailers while plugging the loopholes in the system. Retailers need not worry since their business would remain unaffected except that they would have to obtain the franchise from manufacturers instead of having to procure a license from the government,\" said a senior official in the excise department.While questions are being raised over the practicality of having a manufacturer retail its products since that is likely to limit options for consumers, the government is contemplating a model in which consortiums of manufactures ran multi-brand retail outlets.Although in favour of government taking over the liquor trade, distillers are now weighing the pros and cons of the new proposal. \"We want the government to control liquor sales directly, but not through APBCL outlets because that calls for big government investment. The minister's proposal is a novel one; let us deliberate on it,\" said an office-bearer of AP Wineries &amp; Distilleries' Association.However, the minister's plan has the retailers up in arms. While preferring a fixed-fee license regime, they have decided to appeal against manufacturers' entry into the retail business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13652403", "title": "812 Foundation's plea: Verdict on June 12", "text": "MANGALORE: The JMFC II court judge Roopashri here on Tuesday posted for orders on June 12 a private complaint filed by 812 Foundation accusing three government agencies and 12 officials responsible for the Air India Express 812 crash of May 22, 2010 which claimed 158 lives.Making submissions at the court here on Tuesday, the foundation's president Yeshwanth Shenoy said though at first he thought the persons responsible could be charged under section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 304 A (causing death by negligence punishable by 10 years imprisonment and fine or both) of Indian Penal Code (IPC), after investigation he found the charges were grave and made a plea to charge the officials under Section 302 (punishment for murder).In case the court finds there is a cognizable offence, the private complaint may be changed to a criminal complaint.Yeshwanth accused DGCA for failing to verify Capt Zlatko Gluscia's Airline Transport Pilot License ( ATPL) licence before issuing the FATA (Foreign Aircrew Temporary Authorization) licence. He said AIE 812 pilot did not have the requisite flying hours for 737-800.He also said the pilot was not under the direct control of AI as he was sourced from Sigmar Aviation, Isle of Man.The complainant also pointed out the Court of Inquiry (CoI) showed that the Instrument Rating Check (IRC) of the pilot was valid only till May 13, 2010 and the accident occurred a week later.Yeshwanth said it was clearly established in the Court of Inquiry that the fire started after the aircraft wing hit the ILS structure making AAI responsible putting the non frangible structure at the end of runway.\"If ILS was not mounted on the concrete structure the pilot may have been able to take off or the resultant crash would not have resulted in such loss of lives in the absence of fire,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ipoh ( malaysia )", "code": "13669192", "title": "India lose to Argentina, crash out of Azlan Shah title race", "text": "IPOH ( Malaysia ): Five-time champions India's title hopes came a cropper after they suffered a 2-3 defeat against Argentina in a crucial match of the Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament on Wednesday.India suffered from their inability to capitalise on openings and also feeble defense to allow Argentina to call the shots.Two field goals by Matias Paredes (37th minute) and Santiago Montelli (38th) soon after the half-time gave Argentina the advantage and then Gonzalo Peillat (58th) converted a penalty corner to ensure a victory for the Pan American champions.The Indians fought hard and reduced the margin twice through goals from Sardar Singh (48th minute) and V R Raghunath (61st minute), but an equaliser eluded them inspite of repeated attacks into the rival citadel.India have now lost three of their five matches, logging just six points ahead of Thursday's last league outing against Pakistan .Argentina have boosted their tally to nine points with three successive wins after starting with two losses.The first session was mostly confined to the midfield with both teams often losing possession on top of the rival circle. India created two openings from the left flank, but were unable to capitalise on them.India's first penalty corner in the sixth minute was also wasted as Sandeep Singh's rising flick was deflected out by a defender.Sandeep even suffered a minor ankle sprain in taking the penalty corner and was rested for a long period, but will be back for Thursday's game against Pakistan.After a barren first half, Argentina scored two goals in the space of one minute soon after the change of ends.Paredes benefitted from Sandeep's defensive lapse off a long diagonal pass to flick the ball into the goal.Within a minute, Argentina were up 2-0, courtesy another silly error from the Indians, to be precise captain Sardar Singh who easily gave away the ball and Montelli had all the time in the world to shot the ball into the net.India then went all out and were rewarded with their second penalty corner from which Sardar scored with a reverse hit after Raghunath's initial flick was saved by Argentina goalkeeper Juan Vivaldi.Argentina were then put 3-1 ahead by Gonzalo Peillat's low penalty corner shot that went to the left of Indian custodian Sreejesh.India continued to press hard and were back in the contest when Raghunath scored with a rising drag-flick into the net nine minutes from the hooter.Raghunath had a chance to restore parity for India in the 66th minute from another penalty corner, but this time his shot went wide of the Argentine goal.India's assistant coach Mohammad Riaz, said the Indian strikers missed a lot of chances despite penetrating often into the rival circle.\"Argentina got just a few chances and converted them,\" said Riaz.\"We had the run of play, but you cannot win if you waste too many chances and then commit errors on the few times the opponents break into your circle,\" he said.\"Our bad defence also was responsible for conceding the goals,\" said Riaz, adding that the first two Argentina goals were the result of defensive lapses.\"There were errors and wrong -passing inside the circle on which they capitalised for the first two goals,\" he said.\"After that we were always trying to get back into the match.\"Riaz said Sandeep's injury is not serious, and he was allowed to stay on the bench to help him recover in time for tomorrow's match against Pakistan.\"Sandeep will be fit for tomorrow's league match,\" he said. Raghunath was on the pitch for taking the penalty corners in Sandeep's absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653959", "title": "Corporation schools in bad shape, but funds remain unused", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai's education department has failed to use a majority of the funds received through the education tax, a reply received to a query under the RTI Act by TOI shows. Of the Rs 4.4 crore collected by the civic body under the education tax, just about Rs 3.1 crore was spent for the purpose it was meant since 2004. Separately, 31 corporation schools were closed since 2009 due to a lack of students.A senior corporation official said most of the funds remained unused because of various reasons. \"There is no clear strategy or plan about utilizing funds. There is little coordination among various departments in the civic body on this,\" he said.Statistics also show that there has been an improvement in the utilization of general funds. The corporation had utilized Rs 24.42 lakh (49.73%) of the funds in 2004-05 and Rs 68 lakh (76.89%) in 2010-11.While some sources in the civic body said that 31 corporation schools had been closed since 2009 due to lack of students, T N Venkatesh, joint commissioner (education), said no school was closed. \"Those 31 schools were merged with neighbouring schools because of poor attendance,\" he said.Venkatesh also said they were trying their best to improve the quality of education. \"We have been using the funds for improving the quality of education. We will take necessary steps for utilizing these funds in future. We are facing a drop in number students in primary classes but there are enough students in the +2 classes,\" he said.Some parents complain about the lack of infrastructure and the poor quality of education in many corporation schools. \"There are no facilities in many schools. The quality of education is also poor as there is no English medium. It is difficult to get a job without knowing English. So I have sent my child to a private school,\" said N Narayanan, a fisherman from Doming Street in Santhome.The Comptroller and Auditor General of India's report for the year ended March 2010, which was released recently, had slammed the corporation for the lack of fire safety measures, poor sanitation facilities, absence of playgrounds and shortage of teachers. It also pointed to instances of roof collapse, electric shocks due to damaged wiring and lack of water facilities and restrooms in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650825", "title": "Delhi-Dasna road may be elevated", "text": "NEW DELHI: After several flip flops over widening of the 20km stretch between Delhi border and Dasna on NH-24, the highways ministry wants to make it a four-lane elevated road.The ministry is in favour of \"innovative financing\" of the project - giving real estate development rights to a private developer to recover the investment of around Rs 3,000 crore.This move has raised eyebrows whether such a proposal would delay the much needed augmentation of this stretch. However, officials said the facility would come up and people won't have to pay toll to use this elevated stretch since allowing real estate development along the corridor will work as a sweetener for the developer.Learning from Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza where people have to wait for long, the ministry wants to make it a toll-free road.On Tuesday, senior ministry officials held a meeting with representatives from Ghaziabad and Noida development authorities to chalk out a plan for speeding up the execution. After minister of state for highways Jitin Prasada raised the issue of finding a solution to the traffic jams on this stretch, a team led by highways secretary A K Upadhyaya had inspected the proposed Delhi-Meerut expressway. The Delhi border-Dasna stretch is part of the proposed expressway.At present, the stretch from Delhi-UP border to Dasna is only four-lane. The main carriageway is only 7m and there is no paved shoulder. The inspection report prepared by top officials says that since there are many local roads crossing NH-24 at grade and traffic flow is very high, there is congestion on this stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651788", "title": "Fertilisers And Chemicals Travancore Ltd posts Q4 turnaround", "text": "KOCHI: Fertilisers And Chemicals Travancore Ltd (FACT), a government of India enterprise, saw a return to profitability in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, posting a net profit after tax of Rs 38.24 crore, compared with a net loss of Rs 35.24 crore in the corresponding period a year earlier.Net sales in the fourth quarter that ended on March 31, 2012 increased 20% year-on-year to Rs 803 crore from 671 crore earlier, the company said on Tuesday.There was a marginal fall in the sales of Factamfos in the fourth quarter compared to last year, but sales of urea, gypsum, FACT organic and bio-fertilizer registered impressive growth. Total urea (imported) sales touched 56,028 tonnes.During the fiscal 2012, FACT registered a net profit after tax of Rs 23.82 crore (unaudited) as against losses of Rs 49 crore suffered in the previous year. The fertilizer maker's annual sales turnover was up by 18% to Rs 2,898 crore compared to the previous year's figure of Rs 2,462 crore. This was despite unexpected setbacks at the company's ammonia plant during the fourth quarter, owing to which production and financial performance were substantially affected for nearly two months, the company said.Sales of gypsum were at an all-time high of 6,95,367 tonnes in fiscal 2012 as against 4,54,587 tonnes a year ago.FACT also won laurels in the maintenance of overall safety standards by winning several safety awards instituted by the Department of Factories and Boilers and National Safety Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "on board pm's aircraft", "code": "13651105", "title": "Will quit if coalgate charges against me are proved: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "ON BOARD PM'S AIRCRAFT: An emotional Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday hit back at Team Anna's allegation of corruption against him in coal block allotments, saying he would give up public life if charges levelled by the activists were proved.\"I will give up my public life even if there is an iota of truth in allegations levelled against me , and the country can give me my punishment. My long public career as finance minister, as leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha and now as prime minister has been an open book,\" he said on the way back from Myanmar .\"It is unfortunate that irresponsible allegations relating to irregularities in allocation of coal blocks are being made without confirming facts,\" a combative Singh said.The PM's decision to join issue with the Anna Hazare-led group is likely to precipitate a fresh confrontation with the transparency activists who recently targeted Singh personally - even referring to him as \"Shikhandi\" -- for the first time over a Comptroller and Auditor General draft report on coal blocks.Team Anna's response to the PM's outburst was one of defiance. Prashant Bhushan and Arvind Kejriwal said their charges were based on the findings of CAG that government's decision not to auction coal blocks helped private companies derive undue benefit to the tune of Rs 1.8 lakh crore. Bhushan said while the PM may be honest, he had failed to stop others from engaging in corruption. Kejriwal said the PM should agree to let a committee of six retired judges probe Coalgate, and other charges against his ministers.On his special aircraft, the PM said, \"Bharat ki janta is baat ka faisla kare ki maine kya kasoor kiya hai ki mere liye aise kathin aur kathor shabd istemal kiye ja rahe hain (people of India should decide what wrong I have done that such harsh language is being used against me).\"He seemed particularly aggrieved by the words used against him. \"But to use such language... I think the public in India should make up its mind whether this sort of politics should rule the roost in the country,\" he said.Singh had come prepared with a written statement on allegations against him over the issue of allocation of coal blocks when he held charge of the portfolio. The statement focused on the fact that the government had not received the CAG report on Coalgate yet, and that it would send its factual response to the Public Accounts Committee when the report is submitted. It added, \"Uninformed allegations and discussions based on leaked drafts are unfortunate.\"By taking on the activists, the PM has got embroiled in a confrontation with Team Anna that he has so far stayed away from. The anti-graft activists also seem to be bracing for an escalation, with Bhushan saying Congress had used Singh as a \"Shikhandi\", or a shield, against corruption. Ironically, the renewed offensive comes at a time when it is having to shake off the perception of divisions within: something that law minister Salman Khurshid played upon on Tuesday.The PM's outburst signals his confidence that people will not doubt his personal integrity. However, Congress managers are aware that unlike in the case of the 2G scam , coalition compulsions will not wash and the charges against the PM will have to be firmly and sturdily rejected. Also, the PM has allowed himself to be drawn into the fight when both he and his government look distracted and when the claims about their commitment to fight corruption are being questioned.With Singh weighing in, sparks are bound to fly as Congress can be expected to come out strongly in his defence in a bid to ring fence him against personalized allegations. The focus will be on the PM although Team Anna had targeted no less than 15 ministers and a sense of besiegement may well grow.The PM-Team Anna faceoff coincided with a clear display of differences in Team Anna on the issue. Team Anna member Justice Santosh Hedge said he was not in the loop over charges against the PM and disapproved of the Shikhandi remark.The heightened hostilities come at a time when the Congress is still reeling from the political fallout of the Rs 7.50 a litre increase in petrol price, a move many in the party feel is too harsh and could have been rolled out incrementally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656047", "title": "Burglars 'coolly' loot jewel shop by drilling hole on its terrace", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a daring robbery, thieves gained entry into a jewellery shop at Siddiamber Bazaar by drilling a hole on the roof of the shop and escaped with more than Rs one crore worth property in the wee hours of Tuesday.The shop, Rudrangi Prakash &amp; Sons Jewellers, is located in a three-storied building at Rangachari Lane in Siddiamber Bazaar. The burglars reportedly climbed a tamarind tree located in a graveyard next to the building on Monday night. After jumping on to the terrace, they made a hole on the terrace using crowbars, hammers and other equipment. As per the footage from CCTVs installed in the shop, exactly at 12.06 am on Monday night, two lean men wearing white vests and blue jeans sneaked into the third floor through the hole they had drilled and coolly began collecting the jewellery kept on display in the showcases. They took almost one hour to clean up all the showcases on the three floors and left the building through the same way with the stolen booty at about 1.10 am.The theft came to light when the shop owner, Naresh Kumar, opened the store on Tuesday morning. Naresh lodged a complaint with the police stating that jewellery worth two kg gold and 70 kg silver was stolen.Based on the complaint lodged by the jeweller, a burglary case was booked under Section 457/380 of the IPC. The CCTV cameras installed in the jewelry store captured the entire burglary scene. \"Both the accused seemed to be in their twenties. One of the accused was wearing a helmet and the other one was wearing a face mask. After a while the duo removed them and the face of one was clearly captured by the cameras,\" Central Zone DCP Tarun Joshi who visited the spot told TOI. Forensic experts reached the spot and took fingerprints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651821", "title": "Woman held with fake stamps worth Rs 34 lakh", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police on Tuesday arrested a woman, Sarita Singh (45), when she was delivering fake stamps to a decoy in Gardanibagh locality. Sarita lives in a flat on Exhibition Road in the state capital.On Monday, police had arrested a supplier, Bramhdeo Jha, from Gardanibagh locality and recovered fake stamps, NSC, Centre Recruitment Fee (CRF) stamps and court stamps worth Rs 5 crore from his possession. Jha is a resident of Patel Road, Jai Mahavir Colony under Bahadurpur police station area. He had been running this racket for the past four years.Patna Senior SP Amrit Raj said Sarita was arrested on the information given by Jha. He said Patna police had set a decoy asking Sarita to deliver the fake stamps in Gardanibagh.The SSP said when she reached the locality to deliver the consignment, police arrested her and recovered fake stamps worth Rs 34 lakh from her possession. He said that Sarita's husband, Arjun Singh, has been languishing in Indore jail in Madhya Pradesh in a case of selling fake stamps. The police were interrogating the arrested woman, the SSP said, adding four special police teams were carrying out raids to arrest other members of the gang.Two arrested: The Gandhi Maidan police on Tuesday arrested Gautam Kumar and Karan Kumar from Sadikpur Harijan Toli under Alamganj police station area, in connection with the mysterious death of Jugesh Kumar (45), a peon at the office of the divisional commissioner, Patna.The body of the peon was recovered from a bush at Abhimanyu Nagar under Rupuspur police station area in Patna on May 27.DSP, Town, Ramakant said it was a case of accident. He said when Jugesh was knocked down by a bike on which Gautam and Karan, along with another associate, were travelling, the locals forced them to get him treated.Ramakant said before the youths could take him to any hospital, Jugesh succumbed to his injuries. The trio dumped his body at Abhimanyu Nagar and escaped, the DSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13666482", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Kerala HC grants bail to Italian naval guards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday granted conditional bail to two Italian naval guards charged with the murder of two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast on February 15.According to Times Now, the court granted bail to Latore Massimilliano and Salvatore Girone on a surety of Rs one crore each. The Italian government has assured the court that the accused will not flee from the country or intimidate the witnesses.The court order comes a day after it turned down Italy's plea for quashing an FIR against the naval guards, Latore Massimilliano and Salvatore Girone, holding that they were liable to penal jurisdiction of Indian courts.After release from jail, they shall stay in a building within a distance of 10 km from the office of the Kochi Police commissioner, appear before the commissioner on all days between 10am and 11am and as and when required.The marines should also furnish their mobile numbers if any, the court said, adding, they should not leave the territorial limits of the commissioner's office.The two sureties should also not leave the state. The magistrate shall ensure the identity of the sureties by insisting on production of photo identity card, the court said.The marines were also asked to surrender their passport before the Kollam Magistrate Court.Justice Balakrishnan made it clear that the accused should be released on bail on production of valid travel document, visa having been endorsed by a foreign registration officer.The government has been directed to ensure abundant caution and inform the seaport or other authorities to prevent the accused from leaving the country.The naval guards were arrested on February 19, four days after they allegedly opened fire while travelling by ship Enrica Lexie and killed two fishermen off the coast of Kerala, apparently suspecting them to be pirates.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13651439", "title": "'Killer' speech may get Mani CPM axe", "text": "NEW DELHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Indicating that CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani will face the axe for his controversial speech on party-sponsored murders, the politburo on Tuesday said it will take appropriate action against him.\"Politburo of the CPM condemns and disapproves M M Mani's remarks, which have sought to justify the retaliatory killing of political opponents,\" a statement from the party said. \"These remarks have nothing whatsoever to do with the party's approach and politics. Appropriate action will be taken in this matter,\" it said.A meeting of the available politburo discussed Mani's speech and decided to issue a public statement as the controversy has been highlighted by the media. Mani's statement had put the party, which has been fighting the Trinamool Congress violence in Bengal, in the defensive. The central leadership has conveyed its displeasure over Mani's statement to the state leadership as well.At a public meeting organised by the party at Thodupuzha on Friday, Mani had said the party had prepared a list of \"three targets\" to be eliminated and it was carried out. He was speaking at a CPM rally convened to explain the party's stand on T P Chandrasekharan murder. Based on the speech, the Kerala police have reopened investigation into the murder cases mentioned by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650154", "title": "Indore couple abducted, poisoned", "text": "INDORE: A couple was allegedly abducted by a liquor mafia and forced-fed poison following a dispute over illicit liquor trade in Sudaman Nagar area, here.The incident took place on Monday night. The victims Ashok Dixit, 40 and his wife Alka, 34 are undergoing treatment at M Y Hospital. Their condition is said to be stable. Acting on a tip off from the police control room, cops went to Sudama Nagar in the night and found a couple lying in an unconscious condition. With lather emanating from their mouth, the police rushed the couple to district hospital from where they were referred to the MY hospital. Ashok's school going son Kuldeep and his sister, Shashi have accused one Arpit Choukse of poisoning their parents.The accused had come to their house along with around 7-8 accomplices and forcefully abducted their parents and carried them to an unknown place and fed them poisonous substance, they alleged.However, Ashok is also reportedly a history-sheeter and about eight cases are registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13649324", "title": "Next season will be a challenge: Umesh Yadav", "text": "NAGPUR: Umesh Yadav wasn't a happy man last year. He was eyeing a comeback in the Indian side and performing well in the IPL was one way to do that. He didn't live up to the expectations. The Vidarbha pacer wasn't even included in the second string Indian team for the West Indies. Yadav knew he had to raise the bar. He worked hard on his bowling; plugged the loopholes and when the opportunity came against England, Yadav grabbed it with both hands. Since then he has gone from strength to strength.Unlike last year, this year he did extremely well for Delhi Daredevils bagging 19 wickets with an economy rate of 7.42. His team may not have gone all the way but the 24-year-old draws many positives from the season. \"Last year wasn't that great for me. So, I wanted to do well. I think I performed pretty well this time. I got a couple of three-wicket hauls and also two Man of the Match awards. Except for one match, I managed to contain the batsmen,\" Yadav told TOI on Sunday.\"It would have been nice had we won the championship but from the bottom last year to finish the league table on top was a good achievement. We had some world class players and it was good to learn something from them. Viru Paaji led the side very well and it was a happy dressing room. We had a great fast bowling unit with Morne (Morkel), me and Varun (Aaron). Bowling was definitely our strength. The team management and franchise supported us a lot when we weren't doing well last year. It's unfortunate that we couldn't go all the way. However, we will compensate this in the Champions League,\" Yadav said.Yadav feels Twenty20 has its own challenges. \"I feel focus is very important because you get to bowl only four overs. Even one bad over can spoil your figures and moreover, it could turn the match. You need to be sure what you want to be bowl against particular batsman. It's all about executing you plan well,\" he said.He had great time bowling alongside South African Morne Morkel. The duo shared 44 wickets between them. \"Bowling with somebody like Morne was a great learning experience. I was rookie last year. I have learned quite a lot watching him. We are two different bowlers. He is kind of hit the deck while I swing and skid the ball. However, there are certain things that are common in us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13663799", "title": "Terrorism and talks with Pakistan can't go together: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "WASHINGTON: Senior BJP leader and former external affairs minister Yashwant Sinha has criticised India's recent peace dialogue with Pakistan, saying terrorism and talks can't go together.\"Pakistan has to abide by the commitment it made to the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in January 2004, that it would stop sponsoring terrorism across India only then there would be talks,\" Sinha said on Tuesday.He was speaking to a small group of Indian Americans at an event organised by Foundation for India and Indian Diaspora Studies, a Washington-based Indian-American think-tank.Pakistan, Sinha said, has continued to attack India through this undeclared war.\"We are still talking. We tend to forget. 26/11 has been forgotten. We keep on forgetting and we keep getting attacked,\" he said.\"Now there is absolutely no doubt about the involvement of the Pakistani Government and elements in the Pakistani Administration in terrorist acts against India,\" Sinha said.The BJP's policy, he said, is to engage Pakistan but only on the condition it would stop state-sponsored terrorism against India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13652123", "title": "Fishermen's agitation reach Day 8", "text": "Wardha: It has been eight days now, since the members of Shrirambaba Machhimar Sahkari Sanstha Ltd (SMSS) along with fishermen of Masod village started their agitating near collector office against the president and other four members of SMSS, demanding suspension of the directors and appointment of an administrator. Their demands include registering offence against them as they were allegedly involved in corruption.Several members of SMSS and fishermen of Masod village had written complaints to P R Ninave, dy director of cooperative organization, Wardha on March 9, 2011, September 8, 2011 and April 7, 2012. Later Ninave conducted an inquiry, which revealed that the organization had misused their power as well as money meant for the development of fishermen and promotion of fishery. by buying nets and other equipment. Ninanve had submitted his report on April 26,2012.The fishermen and the members of the organization later wrote to the collector on May 17, 2012 demanding an offence to be registered and arrests of Dhananjay Bavane, president, Narendra Wagdare, secretary, Maroti Bavane, members Domaji Bavane and Kantabai Wagdare. However their demands went unheard.The fishers have also claimed that a constable Ganesh Babane, relative of directors of SMSS had been to Masod village and threatened the fishermen. \"The SP of Wardha must take action against the constable,\" people demanded.Shukharam Marbate, member and a fisherman said, 'we are agitating in front of the collector officer since last eight days, but collector or any concern officer has not paid attention on our issue, though this is big issue for fisherman, related with our livelihood.Kamlesh Marbate, social activist of fisher society informed that, there are 44 fisher's co operative organizations in the district but only 22 are active and all these are involved in corruption. I demand that collector should inquire into the matter of all the organizations.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13667184", "title": "Health benefits of Mediterranean diet", "text": "For years, the Mediterranean diet has been tied to lesser chances of illness and increased well-being. But now, a new study has linked it to mental and physical health as well.The Mediterranean diet, which is characterized by the consumption of fruit, vegetables, pulses, fish, olive oil and nuts, has been proven to be beneficial to health in terms of a lesser chance of chronic illness and a lower mortality rate.A new study headed by the University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and the University of Navarra took the next step and analyzed the influence of the Mediterranean diet on the quality of life of a sample of more than 11,000 university students over a period of four years.\"The progressive aging of the population in developed countries makes it even more interesting to find out those factors that can increase quality of life and the health of the population,\" as explained to SINC by Patricia Henriquez Sanchez, researcher at the center in the Canary Islands and lead author of the study.Dietary intake data was taken at the beginning of the study and self-perceived quality of life was measured after the four-year monitoring period.In order to ascertain whether the Mediterranean diet was followed, consumption of vegetables, pulses, fruit, nuts, cereals and fish was positively valued whereas consumption of meat, diary products and alcohol was negatively valued.The results reveal that those who stick more to the Mediterranean diet score higher on the quality of life questionnaire in terms of physical and mental well-being. This link is even stronger in terms of physical quality of life.\"The Mediterranean diet is an important factor associated with better quality of life and can be considered a healthy food model,\" Henriquez stated.Its food pyramid combines food to be eaten daily, weekly and occasionally.Main meals should never lack three basic elements: cereals, fruit and vegetables and dairy products. Furthermore, it must include a daily intake of 1.5 and 2 litres of water. Olive oil constitutes the main source of fat for its nutritional quality. Moderate consumption of wine and other fermented beverages is recommended.Furthermore, fish, lean meat and eggs are sources of high quality animal protein. Fish and seafood are also sources of healthy fats.At the top of the pyramid are sugar, sweets, cakes, pastries and sweetened beverages that should be consumed occasionally and in small amounts.The study has been published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653593", "title": "High court orders immediate halt of mining operations in Jhunjhunu", "text": "JAIPUR: Once again coming down heavily on illegal mining in the state, a division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain stayed all mining activities in Puhaniya village of Buhana tehsil and in Chanaana village of Chirawa tehsil in Jhunjhunu district.The order came on two different PILs filed by one Lellahar and Himmat Singh respectively.The PILs claimed that mining lease holders are doing illegal mining outside the pit allotted to them. The use of explosives is causing health hazards and also resulting in cracks in constructions. It has been prayed that no mining lease should be granted in these area as they are causing huge damages to environment. The court has issued a notice to as many as 22 officials including principal secretary, mining and environment. It has also been given out in both the petitions that several representations were made to various authorities but no heed was paid as they are hand-in-glove with the mining mafias.In fact, Chief Justice Arun Mishra has time and again said that the mining mafias are working without any rider in the state and has also imposed exemplary costs in several such cases while sitting both at Jaipur and Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654245", "title": "Anti-Terrorism Squad allowed to conceal names of witnesses", "text": "PUNE: Judicial magistrate first class A G Santani on Tuesday granted permission to the state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) to conceal names of witnesses in the case in which Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui (27) of Bihar was arrested for allegedly making a bid to plant a bomb near the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010.Assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne cited section 44 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act for protecting the identity of the witnesses. Lawyer A Rehman prayed to reject the ATS plea on the grounds that there was no complaint that his client Siddiqui had issued threats to the witnesses.The court on Monday had granted permission to the ATS to conduct identification parade of Siddiqui, who is in judicial custody at the Yerawada central jail.CBI gets more time to oppose Thamburaj's bail pleaPune: Special judge D R Mahajan again granted time to the CBI till June 1 to respond to the anticipatory bail plea filed by former vice-chief of army staff Lt. Gen. Noble Thamburaj (retd) in a defence land lease case.The CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena sought more time to reply to the bail plea because the deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh, who is investigating the case, was out of Pune.Apprehending arrest, Thamburaj had obtained ad interim anticipatory bail on March 20. His bail plea was extended from time to time.On January 30, the Army Headquarters, New Delhi, had registered a complaint with the CBI, alleging that Thamburaj, who was then general officer commanding-in-chief of the Southern Command in Pune, and former defence estates officer S R Nayyar extended undue favour to a construction firm, Kalpataru Builders, in the matter of leasing out a bungalow on prime defence land in Pune cantonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651538", "title": "HC stays admission to dental colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has stayed the Gujarat University (GU) and certain self-financed dental colleges to go ahead with the admission process in the postgraduate programme on 50-50 management-government seat ratio as per the consensus arrived at between the state government and the consortium of self-financed dental colleges.Students of dental colleges had questioned an agreement, labeled as amicable settlement/arrangement, between the state government and self-financed dental colleges to admit 50% students on management quota excluding 15% NRI quota and keeping the rest 50% for students getting admission on government seats. This arrangement was in modification of earlier 25%-70% ratio of management-government seats.The students challenged the move by managements and government claiming that it was in violation of various laws and rules laid by the state government itself. The government and the colleges as well as their consortium opposed the petition. However, justice M R Shah concluded that earlier petitions challenging vires of the laws providing 25%-75% ratio were dismissed by court and the new arrangement has not even been reduced down to writing by the government. In such circumstances, no such consensus or arrangement between the government and colleges can by-pass or substitute statutory provisions and this arrangement can be termed as absolutely illegal and contrary to provisions of law.With this observation, the HC has directed the university to stall registration/enrollment of certain students who have passed the entrance test conducted as per 50-50 management-government seat arrangement. The court has also directed that those students who have already enrolled after having passed the test, which was held in February this year, to wait till final order of the HC, as their admission is subject to the outcome of final order of this petition.Further hearing has been kept on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "13655767", "title": "Chicken gets dearer", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Thanks to the soaring mercury, chicken prices in the districts have gone up by Rs 40 to Rs 60 per kilo. A kilo chicken meat costs Rs 202 in Srikakulam. \"Chickens in the poultry farms are not able to survive the intensive heat waves,\" said a farm owner.Poultry industry experts said that nearly 30 per cent of the birds have perished due to the intense heat wave, while rising costs of the feed and fewer arrivals of the fish have also contributed to the rising costs of chicken in the market.Skinless broiler chicken is sold between Rs 184 and Rs 200 now. It hovered at Rs140 a kilo 10 days back. Boneless chicken price has touched Rs 250 now. Chicken is sold at Rs 184 in Visakhapatnam, Rs 188 in Hyderabad, Rs 175 in Vijayawada, Rs 188 in Nizamabad and Rs 178 in Guntur.\"We are helpless. We are getting the birds at a high rate from the poultry farms and forced to sell the birds at a higher rate,\" Mohammed Rafi, chicken shop owner in Srikakulam, told TOI.The mortality rate of the birds is very high in Telangana and coastal areas where the mercury is constantly crossing more than 43 degrees. \"High humidity levels and searing heat have led to the death of 30 per cent of the birds in recent times,\" a trade expert pointed out.With fish arrivals also dwindling due the conservation period, the demand for chicken has gone up but the production was not up to the market needs. There are 10,700 poultry farms in the state producing 3.4 crore birds every month. But the average consumption of the birds in the entire state is nearly 5 crore kilos a month. \"Thanks to the high mortality rate, the production of the birds has come down,\" general manager of a major chicken farm N Balasubramanian said. Sources said the consumption of birds in the north coastal region alone is 30 lakh birds per month. Each bird, in general, weighs 2.1 kg to 3 kgs.Broiler association of Greater Visakha former president K Nageswara Rao said also blamed the businessmen for the spiralling prices in the name of rising costs of the feed. Soya price has shot up to Rs 32,000 from Rs 17,000, a trader explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652883", "title": "UP is being ruled by three-four CMs: Swami Prasad Maurya", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a barrage of backhanded compliments which was not lost on his collogues. Labeling Akhilesh yadav as 'bhola' and 'bhala' (naive), leader of the opposition Swami Prasad Maurya painted a grim picture of what all lay in store for the young CM if he failed to meet the public expectations.\"CM bhale hain ( chief minister is a good man),\" Maurya declared during the debate on the Governor's speech. \"However he is not able to do what he wishes to do,\" he added \"innocence has its own reward but ironically UP is being ruled by 3- 4 chief minsters.\"Making a big issue of a grim law and order situation in the state, Maurya claimed the last 70-day rule by the Samajwadi Party have reported thousands of murders. Six murders have been reported from the chief minister's very own constituency, he said. \"A chief minister must have a commanding presence to make the criminals run for cover like frightened mice,\" advised Mayawati's trusted comrade. As a state president of Samajwadi Party, Maurya recalled, Akhilesh had blocked the entry of a mafia in the unit. \"Since the public has given him a landslide victory, he has corresponding responsibilities and if he fails to curb the lawlessness his dreams would soon be shattered,\" he added.The BSP leader also picked fault with the flagship welfare schemes of the ruling party. \"The SP government has not put any preconditions for unemployment dole,\" he said, adding that it had flummoxed the youngsters who feel shortchanged. He also took dig at the janata darbar, a tradition discontinued by Mayawati and now restored. \"The BSP regime could afford to bypass the formality because the common man could get justice practically at his doorstep and did not have to rush to Lucknow for it,\" he said.Then park and memorial feud also figured in as Maurya declared \"murti main vikas chhipaa hai\" (statute represents development). Slamming the government for changing the development schemes like Ambedkhar Samagra Gram Vikas Yojana named after dalit icons, Maurya said renaming it after Ram Manohar Lohia will tantamount to insulting the memories of both the political giants.\"CLP leader Twiari raised the issue of irregularities in the wheat purchase centre. He also questioned the deteriorating law and order and prevailing power shortage. Investment worth Rs 16,000 crore had feld UP due to the unfavorable conditions and this issue must be taken note of by the ruling party,\" he said. Tiwari also demanded a raise in MLA's development fund from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 3 crore to esure all-round development.Leader of BJP legislature party Hukum Singh focused on the widespread transfers under the new regime. The trend, he said, had given rise to the feeling that the government was merely shunting out people posted by the former government. Singh stressed the need for better law and order failing which the industrial growth would remain a distant dream for UP. Dalveer singh RLD reiterated the party's demand for division of UP into four separate states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653265", "title": "Lucknow girl tops All India Institute of Medical Sciences Post Graduate Medical entrance exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: It took almost a couple of hours for her to sink in. After all, Aditi could not believe that her simple approach to studies helped her in achieving the top position in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exam, the results of which were declared on Tuesday. The girl secured maximum marks in the All India Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exams.Aditi passed her boards from La Martiniere Girls' College, where she did her entire schooling.Elated over the achievement, Aditi believes in clear and consistent approach to studies. In fact, she was clear about making a career in medicine when she opted for her subject in class XI. Still she never restricted her from participating in extra curricular activities particularly debating and literary works. Being an avid reader, she managed to take out time for reading as well. Soon after class XII, Aditi was able to make it to the KEM Medical College Mumbai for graduation.\"Regular studies and belief in oneself is key to beat any challenge that comes your way,\" she shared.Aditi said that she wanted to hold the scalpel and become a surgeon. \"During my graduation days, general surgery was my favourite subject and I aspire to become a surgeon. Today I stand so close to my dream,\" she said.Her father, Asit Kumar Chaturvedi, who is an advocate in Allahabad High Court's Lucknow bench, is equally elated over her daughter's achievement. \"She has not only bagged laurels for us but has made the entire city proud,\" he said. Aditi's mother Kanika has faith in her daughter. \"I am sure she will achieve what ever she dreams,\" the mother told TOI. The strong bond within the family reflects well in Aditi attributing her success to her parents. \"They never pressurised me or expected too much from me. This gave me a free hand to work over myself and venture for a career of my choice. I owe everything to them,\" Aditi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13649607", "title": "Naveen Patnaik in UK, aide leads 'revolt' in BJD", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The rift in the ruling BJD came out in the open as both pro and anti-Naveen Patnaik factions held separate strategic meetings here on Tuesday. The meetings took place at a time when the party supremo and Odisha CM was in the UK .The BJD has 104 MLAs in the 147-member Odisha assembly.In a first show of dissidence in the BJD, a group of party legislators met at the residence of Pyari Mohan Mohapatra, the Rajya Sabha MP who for more than a decade was considered Naveen's chief advisor, in Shahid Nagar here on Tuesday. Pro-Naveen MLAs held a separate meeting at an unknown place here.The developments assumed significance as differences between Naveen and Pyari had cropped up last week.When contacted, Mohapatra admitted that several party MLAs met him on Tuesday. \"More than 35 MLAs met me during the day. Since the BJD has called Odisha bandh on May 31, the discussions focused on how to make it successful. The current political situation also figured during the discussions,\" Mohapatra said.However, BJD Lok Sabha MP Bhartruhari Mahatab said: \"It doesn't augur well for the BJD. While one group is headed by Pyaribabu, the other is led by members opposed to him.\"A close Mahapatra aide and Cuttack-Choudwar MLA Pravat Ranjan Biswal described the Rajya Sabha MP as \"BJD's margadarshak (ideologue)\".\"He (Mohapatra) was our leader and will remain so. We came to the meeting on the invitation of Pyaribabu. There had been some problems in the party. We will sort out those problems,\" he said.Pointing fingers at the pro-Naveen camp, Biswal attributed the present crisis in the BJD to some \"vested interests\". \"These elements are responsible for the present crisis,\" he said.Among those who attended the meeting at Mohapatra's residence included ministers Sharada Nayak, Sanjib Sahoo, Anjali Behera and Badri Narayan Patra.Sources said the pro-Naveen camp would hold meetings to keep the CM informed about the developments.The CM is scheduled to return to India on June 1, but the sources said he might come back to Bhubaneswar on Wednesday in the wake of the present crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651781", "title": "Kerala to fetch 10% of 2-wheeler sales: Suzuki", "text": "KOCHI: Suzuki Motorcycle India Pvt Ltd, a subsidiary of Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan, has said that it plans to increase its share of two-wheeler sales from the Kerala market to 10% of national sales in fiscal 2013 compared with 6% last fiscal. Speaking at the launch of the company's new mass segment motorcycle Hayate in the Kerala market on Tuesday, Suzuki Motorcycle India national head - sales Anand Thakur said Suzuki Motorcycles will target sales of 4.5 lakh two-wheeler units in the Kerala market in 2012-13, up from 3.6 lakh units in 2011-12.\"Kerala is a growing market where two-wheelers are an indispensable lifeline.With Hayate's entry in the Kerala market, we are looking at exploring new opportunities and a larger market share of 10% in fiscal 2013. The Hayate presents an opportunity to address emerging markets in small towns and semi-urban and rural perpheries,\" Thakur said. Hayate will be available in two variants - the Hayate KS, which will be priced at Rs 41,021 (ex-showroom Kochi), and the Hayate SS, which will be priced at Rs 43,021 (ex-showroom Kochi). Atul Gupta, VP (sales and marketing), Suzuki Motorcycle India, said the 100-110 cc motorcycle segment currently contributes 52% of the company's two-wheeler sales nationally. The company currently has 300 dealers across India, which it plans to expand to 400 by the end of March 2013 and 600 by 2014.Though two-wheeler sales growth slowed down in fiscal 2012, Suzuki expects it to grow up to 8% in fiscal 2013.Suzuki Motorcycle India has its manufacturing plant in Gurgaon with an annual plant capacity of 4,50,000 units. Total land area of the facility at Gurgaon is 37 acres, out of which the present plant is constructed in an area of 7 acres. The remaining area is left for future expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13667002", "title": "Deepika Upadhyay &amp; Mugdha Shah roped in for Mahadev", "text": "Devon Ke Dev-Mahadev on Life OK is a hugely popular show that has worked its way well with TV audiences.There has been much hype surrounding Parvati's character as auditions are on for the role of an older Parvati. Many known names from the TV industry are believed to be auditioning and are vying for the role.Although Parvati has not been finalized, Triangle Film Company has roped in TV actresses Mughda Shah and Deepika Upadhyay. Mughda, whose last tint on TV was the show Baba Aiso Var Dhoondho on NDTV Imagine, will play the role of Maina (Parvati's mother) and Deepika will essay the role of Ganga. Actor Pankaj Dheer has been finalized to play the role of Parvati's father on the show.Both Mughda and Deepika remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652518", "title": "South Goa legislators tackle pendency of SC/ST cases", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district collector N D Agarwal on Tuesday chaired a meeting to review the pendency of cases filed under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Prevention of Atrocities Act in the district.Mormugao MLA Carlos Almeida, Benaulim MLA Caetano Silva, Cuncolim MLA Subhash 'Rajan' Naik and Cortalim MLA Alina Saldanha were among those who attended the meeting.The legislators suggested various measured that could be taken to increase the rate of conviction of cases filed under the act and decrease the pendency of such cases.As per the act, district collectors are expected to monitor the registration, prosecution and conviction of cases periodically.Goa, however, figures among the states which have recorded the least number of cases under the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652096", "title": "CBSE diktat on marks leaves schools in a fix", "text": "NAGPUR: With admission process for CBSE's Std XI having started, the top schools of city are in a fix. They have far more applicants than seats but no way to decide a cut-off as CBSE has mandated using only grades and not marks. The board only issues grades such as A1, A2, B1 etc (in descending order) and the Cumulative Grade Points Average (CGPA) in numbers like 10, 9.5, 9, etc (in descending order). Science faculty admissions in the top schools in city require a minimum CGPA of 9 and less than 300 seats are available there. However, well over thousand students have managed to get that score.A school principal told TOI on condition of anonymity, \"how do you choose one student from a group of 10 who have the same grade? Actual marks are needed to decide the cut-offs. We have to find a practical solution to an impractical policy of CBSE.\" That 'impractical policy' was reiterated by the board in a circular sent two weeks ago to all schools. It mentioned that actual marks must not be revealed to students under any condition. Similarly, the Delhi High Court ruled last week that marks scored by Std X student cannot be revealed even under RTI.However the 'practical solution' found involves revealing the marks in an unofficial manner. Students are taking a copy of their grade sheet to their school and getting actual scores penned down right next to the grade columns. School management attests this document which is then submitted to the school where admission is being sought.While this is pretty much an open secret in city, no one would want to admit it fearing flak from CBSE. A school official wanting to remain anonymous said, \"even if the CBSE found out we have a defence. CBSE sent a circular 10 days ago saying principals could reveal marks to those migrating to state board. Schools can always claim ignorance about where the student asking for marks is going.\"Some city schools have worked out their own formulae for deciding the cut-offs. Shilpee Ganguly, vice-principal of Centre Point (Katol Road), said, \"our formula is well within the guidelines of the CBSE. We first add up the CGPA and grade points of both science and maths. Then that figure is divided by three and the resultant figure forms the basis for our cut-offs. We never ask for actual marks from students.\"Annapoorni Shastri, principal of Bhavans (Wathoda), said, \"Our group's first list will be out on June 4 so we still have time. Till then we will be deliberating on how to decide the cut-offs.\" Similarly, Bhavans (Civil Lines) too said that they were neither using nor have asked for actual marks from students. Modern School (Koradi Rd) founder principal Neeru Kapai said that school's own students have to be accommodated and cut-offs for them would be lower but did not comment on how the cut-off would be arrived at.Less than 50% of CBSE schools in city have Std XI &amp; XII hence there is a huge exodus each year. In 2012, 4075 students had appeared for the Std X exams with almost everyone passing.SEATS AVAILABILITY IN TOP SCHOOLS in CITYSCHOOLSCIENCECOMMERCEFIRST LIST ONBhavans (Civil Lines) 100 45 June 4Centre Point (Katol Rd) 80 80 June 4Modern School 80 80 June 14Magic formula for cutoffsCentre Point group has worked out a formula without using marks. In it, the cut-offs will be calculated by adding CGPA, Maths Grade Point and Science Grade Point and dividing the total by 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13651118", "title": "\u2018Without orders, guards can\u2019t gun for poachers\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after state forest minister Patangrao Kadam said guards have been given the go-ahead to shoot at sight if they found any poacher hunting for tigers or laying traps, field officials are yet to receive specific directives.Interestingly, Kadam is scheduled to visit Tadoba Andhari tiger reserve on Wednesday.\"We read the minister's statement in the media, but so far, we have no specific instructions on taking on tiger poachers. The government must promulgate an ordinance to grant more powers to forest guards,\" a senior Indian Forest Service official told TOI on Tuesday.In the wake of the tragic killing of eight tigers in the vicinity of Tadoba tiger reserve and elsewhere in the state, Kadam had issued a statement, that the government would deal with poachers with an iron hand. Kadam had stated that if forest guards took on poachers they would have protection under Section 197 of the criminal procedure code (CrPC). Under the CrPC provisions, no action is taken against a public servant, if he takes action while discharging his duties. Officials said it was time that the Centre amended Section 66, which empowers a forest officer to prevent commission of offence. \"We feel the law is weak. In fact, Kadam's statement is also shocking. When he is saying, he has given shoot-at-sight orders, it was his responsibility to elaborate under what law a forest guard can implement the order,\" said a forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13651111", "title": "Despite dam, Amravati farmers left high &amp; dry", "text": "AMRAVATI: Dhamangaon taluka, about 40 km from Amravati, is virtually at the tail end of the Upper Wardha dam's canal system.But farmers here complain that the project's benefits have still not trickled down in their parts. \"The dam is complete, but there is no proper distribution system,\" said Shreekant Gawande, chairman of the Dhamangaon Agriculture Produce Market Committee (DAPMC).Jowar, cotton, soyabean, tur, groundnut and oranges are the major crops grown in the area, but irregular water supply often leaves the farmers frustrated. \"Water from the dam is only released between December and March. When it is discharged, many farmers are forced to illegally lift it by using diesel pumps because of the poor distribution network,\" said Vijay Ugale, a local farmer. Society for Backlog Removal and Development said in the last three to four decades, dry-crop farmers in the area were under stress because of the vagaries of nature and inadequate prices of their yields.However, the DAPMC admitted that, its income increased from Rs 26 lakh to Rs 2 crore annually because of the water from this project. \"Prosperity has increased, but we are worried about the water being diverted to the power plants,\" said DAPMC member Pradeep Jagtap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652142", "title": "Munda nod to proposal for reward on 10 Maoist leaders", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday approved the proposal of the state home department to announce reward on 10 Maoist leaders operating in the state.The reward money ranges from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh on each Maoist depending on his involvement in illegal activities. With this, the total number of Maoists on whom the government has announced reward has crossed 40. Earlier, the government had announced reward on rebels like Kundan Pahan who was the mastermind in the Rs 5 crore-loot of ICICI Bank and the killing of sitting JD-U legislator Ramesh Singh Munda in 2008.The 10 Maoists on whom the government announced the reward include two zonal commanders and three sub-zonal commanders. The zonal commanders carrying a reward of Rs 5 lakh each are Sushil Bhuiya and Indel Yadav. The three sub-zonal commanders with Rs 3 lakh reward each are Satyendra Paswan, Pramod Paswan and Vinod Yadav.Principal secretary to the chief minister D K Tiwary said, \"The chief minister has given his assent on the reward money on the heads of 10 Maoists. The approval was given on the proposal of the home department,\" he added.State home secretary J B Tubid said the 10 Maoists on whom the rewards were announced were wanted for terror activities in different parts of the state including murder and extortion.Sources in the home department said the list was prepared by the special branch as they were not getting information about the rebels. It is expected that reward would help in arresting the rebels. \"Most of the time people in remote villages have information about movement of the Maoist and their hideouts. In the past, police have managed to arrest some rebels on whom there was reward. We expect that this decision will also help police in arresting the rebels,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650163", "title": "CBI seeks Interpol help in Fasih case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Initiating the process for extradition of Indian national Fasih Mehmood - wanted by Bangalore police in connection with the 2010 Chinnaswamy Stadium blast - from Saudi Arabia , CBI has approached Interpol to issue a red corner notice against him.The move by CBI, which is the nodal agency for handling extradition cases in the country, is part of the home ministry's efforts to gain access to Fasih, who has been held by Saudi authorities since May 13. Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen and other relatives claim they have received no news of him other than a two-minute phone call in which he said he would be let off soon. A senior home ministry official had also told TOI that Indian agencies had not got access to Fasih so far.Apart from the Bangalore police, who have moved court for a non-bailable warrant against Fasih, the Mumbai ATS and Delhi Police's special cell would also like to question him. \"We had first cracked the Chinnaswamy Stadium attack and showed how the German Bakery attack in Pune and the Jama Masjid attack in Delhi were linked. His questioning will open up new lines of investigation and ascertain whether he was involved in the blasts,'' said a Delhi Police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13663493", "title": "At 5 minutes per case, Delhi high court clears 94,000 in 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a trade-off between the time spent on hearing each case and the mounting arrears. So, having devoted just over five minutes on an average on each case, the Delhi high court disposed of up to 94,000 cases in 2008-10- more than the fresh cases filed in these two years.This trend has emerged from the high court's biennial report for 2008-10, released on Tuesday. It shows that a bench spends over five minutes on an average on each case which costs the exchequer Rs 14,658 per minute of court time. Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri called it \"the report card of the high court\", adding, \"public confidence in our courts is essential to the administration of justice\".Tuesday's report comes nearly three years after the release of the 2006-08 report when then Chief Justice A P Shah had admitted the court was so much up to its neck in arrears that it would take 466 years to clear the gigantic backlog. An attempt to work towards reducing pendency is evident from the latest biennial report that says the 2008-10 period saw a significant reduction in arrears. It also points out the first attempt to define what constitutes arrears - one year for a writ petition and five years for suits.The number of cases assigned to each bench rose from 11,573 cases in 2008-09 to 12,276 cases in 2009-10 , while the average number of cases that landed before every bench daily went up from 57 to 59 in the same timeframe. The report also shows that while the court is handling almost 1.5 lakh cases per year, it has managed to bring down the backlog from 74,749 main cases as on April 01, 2008, to 60,709 by 31 March 2010.Sikri added, \"Publication of such reports is a significant step in our ongoing effort to improve public trust and confidence.\"Giving a detailed analysis of pendency , the report shows a fall of 3.7% for 2008-09 and 1.16% for 2009-10 . This was largely because the high court disposed of nearly 50,000 cases even as pending cases in 2008-09 numbered 66,529, in addition to the 41,448 fresh cases filed. In 2009-10 , the pendency was 60,709 cases, in addition to 37,345 fresh cases. A bench strength of 43 judges managed to dispose of 44,000 cases.In a first, the report makes a comparative analysis of statistics on filing disposal and pendency of main cases for between 2004 and 2010 that saw pendency fall from 71,122 in 2004 to 60,709 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13654239", "title": "2 engineering papers leaked hours before exams: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday confirmed that two engineering papers-Basic Electricals and Electronics Engineering for ATKT students held on May 26 and Applied Physics-II paper for first-year students conducted on May 23-had been leaked hours before the scheduled time of the exams . The University of Mumbai had earlier denied the possibility of a leak and insisted that the question papers might have been uploaded after the exam had been conducted . With the cyber cell of the Mumbai crime branch , confirming the leak , the varsity will have no option but to conduct a re-examination . This will affect more than 20,000 first-year engineering students who will have to prepare for the exam anew . Deven Bharti , additional commissioner of police (crime ), investigating the cases , said : \"We have already informed the University of Mumbai that the papers had been leaked . We are still trying to find out the people responsible for this. We have no concrete information on the accused at this stage , but our investigation is moving in a positive direction .\" Police officials said that during the probe they learned that the papers had been circulated in public before the examination . Investigators are trying to trace the IP address of the computer from where the papers were uploaded . On May 23 , most students who took the Applied Physics-II already had access to a digital copy of the paper . The photograph and scanned copies of the paper were uploaded on a social networking site, at 2am, on a Facebook group called 'Sceleton ZZZ.. ', which is frequented by several engineering students . The university claimed that there was no evidence that the paper had been leaked before the exam because the page was deleted the very next day . Cyber crime officials , however , learned that the information had been uploaded before the exam was scheduled to begin . Similarly , on Saturday , a local media channel received a copy of the Basic Electricals and Electronics Engineering (BEEE) paper at 9.35 am, an hour-and-a-half before the exam was to begin . University officials have denied receiving any confirmation from the police . \"We are yet to receive an official report from the police . If the papers were indeed leaked , the decision on a re-exam will be taken by the board of examinations ,\" said Subhash Deo, the director of examinations .Foolproof system?On Monday, the Board of Examinations took some crucial decisions to plug paper leaksMultiple versions of the question paper will henceforth be sent to all colleges Question papers will be sent in multiple modes-via email, in password protected CDs, on Fax, printed version The final instruction on which paper to pick up will come just a few minutes before the examWith inputs from Yogita Rao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652186", "title": "UPA policy paralysis led to petro price hike: Naik", "text": "NAGPUR: Slamming the Manmohan Singh government for the unprecedented hike of over Rs 7.50 per litre of petrol, former petroleum minister Ram Naik blamed it on policy paralysis in the UPA government. \"If we do not oppose this price hike, the insensitive and anti-people government led by the Congress will hit the common man with another dose of increase in prices of diesel, LPG and kerosene,\" said Naik.The BJP and its allies in the NDA have given a call for Bharat Bandh on Thursday to protest against the massive hike in petrol prices and Naik has appealed to the people to join the protests on that day. He said the fuel price hike was another step towards financial anarchy that the UPA government was pushing the country into.\"It is true that crude oil prices have gone up in international market and India has to import crude to meet its fuel needs. But, the burden on common man can be reduced by suitably adjusting import duty and excise duty. The crisis has also been aggravated by the government's failure to ramp up domestic production. In last eight years no efforts have been made to remove hurdles created by the government in exploiting oil reserves in KG Basin and Rajasthan,\" said Naik who held the petroleum ministry for five years during NDA regime.Admitting that the Vajpayee government had taken the proactive step of deregulating petrol and diesel prices as part of fiscal reform initiated by the earlier Narasimha Rao government in which Singh was finance minister, Naik said the NDA government used to hold fortnightly meetings and effect changes of 25 paise or so according to fluctuation in world crude prices. We increased it eight times and reduced it seven times, but never by Rs 7.50 at one go. But this government has deregulated only petrol price and not that of diesel,\" said Naik. \"The UPA has changed three ministers holding petroleum portfolio but none has been able to bring a firm policy to control the price,\" he added.Another reason for the hike, he said was failure of the UPA to allow blending of petrol with biofuels like ethanol. \"We had taken the historical decision and implemented the fuel blending starting in January 2003 with 5%. We had plans to increase it to 10%. The move would have benefited sugarcane growers and factories too. But as soon as Manmohan Singh government came to power in 2004, it succumbed to the liquor lobby pressure and stopped blending of ethanol. Only now it wants to revive that policy,\" said Naik.City mayor Anil Sole and city BJP president Krishna Khopde said the BJP, Sena, JD (U) and RPI would participate in the bandh. They said the BJP-ruled NMC would willingly waive octroi duty on petro products if the state government filled up the revenue gap of around Rs 40 crore by some other means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653438", "title": "Conduct independent survey of mobile tower radiation, Rajasthan High Court tells government", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday directed for a spot checking of radiation emission from any two mobile towers conducted with the assistance of instruments provided by BSNL and sought an independent report on Wednesday.The court directive came after it rejected the radiation emission report prepared by telecom enforcement resources and monitoring (TERM ) cell of the department of telecom, New Delhi.A bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) took a serious view on the alleged health hazard posed by mobile tower radiations and brushed aside the contentions raised by mobile companies and their association that high radiation frequency is required at some places to maintain high audio quality.G S Sandhu, principal secretary, was present personally in the court on Tuesday along with commissioner, JMC, Loknath Soni, for the hearing.On a query raised by court, Sandhu submitted, \"The chief secretary as also the chief minister has taken the issue seriously and a communication has been made with the Union government. We will take care of every possible threat to the public. The new by-laws have also been framed wherein a provision has been made to not to install any mobile tower on or near schools, hospitals, and other major public places.\"The bench then directed Sandhu to submit the new by-laws framed by the government on Wednesday. The bench also directed that an independent survey of two such mobile towers be done in a pick and choose manner by tomorrow as it was submitted by director, TERM, that it takes half-day in assessing the radiation emission level of one mobile tower.The bench, however, cautioned: \"The courts cannot shut their eyes to a public problem. We want an absolutely independent report not favouring anyone on this earth.\" At the suggestion of additional advocate general Dinesh Yadav, the court also appointed advocate Rajender Soni as an observer while the sampling is done.\"Let random spot checking of radiation emission be done at two places without any prior intimation with the help of instruments provided by BSNL for this purpose and report be submitted by 10:30 am tomorrow,\" the court directed. The bench will also take up the issue as to whether the radiation emission by mobile towers is hazardous or not besides if such commercial activities can be allowed in residential areas despite the ban by the high court.Dinesh Yadav told the court that a committee was constituted on May 21 after the directives of the court to monitor the problem of radiation but the bench rejected the plea and said that mere paper work cannot suffice as it yields no results. When asked whether any independent inquiry has been conducted, the government counsel replied that the exercise was done by TERM.It was submitted by director, TERM before the court that a survey of 440 mobile towers of Jaipur district was conducted with the help of a instrument for measuring radiations provided by the mobile companies themselves as per directions of the Central government which revealed that there is no excessive emission below the permissible limit of 4.5 watt per square metre. It was also aruged that there are around 500 mobile towers in Jaipur alone.The bench took a serious view of the fact that the Central government has issued a circular to use the spectrometer provided by the respective mobile companies for undertaking an exercise of measuring radiations from their mobile towers. \"This seems to be a good business as you conduct the sampling of radiation emission as per their convenience,\" the bench said..\"There is no independent study conducted so far. It is surprising that the Central government's department of telecom is not having any spectrometer of its own. Mobile companies are business houses and they are not concerned with public health and the potent threats that might be caused by the high radiation emissions from the mobile towers. There cannot be any compromise with public health. Merely for the business reputation of mobile companies in providing quality audio clearance they cannot be permitted to increasing radiation frequencies over 4.5 watt per square area as contemplated under law,\" Chief Justice Mishra observed.The matter came up for consideration before the court on a PIL filed by Justice (retired) I S Israni. His counsel Prateek Kasliwal said, \" The mobile towers for commercial activities in residential areas which are not permissible is also given a differential treatment by removing a tower from the vicinity of a minister while allowing at other places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652154", "title": "Failed in maths, youth walks out of home", "text": "RANCHI: The CBSE Plus II results may bring smiles on many faces, but it also caused heartbreak for some. Manish Mishra is one of them who were disappointed after seeing the results and left home leaving behind a suicide note.Manish, who hails from Aurangabad and was living with his uncle in Ranchi, had appeared for the CBSE board examination this year from DAV Public School, Hehal. When the results came out, he was disheartened as he had scored well in all subjects but failed in mathematics. He wrote a suicide note and walked out of his house on Monday.G Mishra, Manish's uncle, said, \"He was a bit upset after the results and was scared to call up his home. I found a suicide note near his bed on Monday evening but could not find Manish anywhere around.\"In the suicide note, Manish wrote \"I worked really hard but could not pass. My family supported me very much but I did not meet their expectations. I have no right to live anymore.\"An FIR has been lodged with Pandra police station by Manish's uncle. The officer in charge of the police station said, \"The boy's mobile was traced near Chanho in the morning but it was switched off again. We have alerted the local police there and are trying our best to trace the boy.\"Usha Narsaria, a psychiatrist, says the children are forced to take extreme step as they fear their guardian's rage. \"The parents should support the children in this situation instead of shouting at them and comparing them with others. A child who fails in the examination needs extra care and moral boosting\", said Narsaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651828", "title": "Promising future awaits CBSE Class 12 achievers", "text": "PATNA: The CBSE Class 12 results announced on Monday proved once again that the Patna students are no less talented than the students in other parts of the country. They have brought laurels to their schools and families. A promising future beckons them.Kumar Abhishek of St. Michael's School, who has scored as high as 97.8% in aggregate, scored a perfect 100 in physics and chemistry. The topper of ICSE Class X examination says, \"I wasn't a bookworm as such, though when my exams drew near I started devoting more time to studies.\" Designing electronic circuits is his passion and he has already qualified the prestigious IIT entrance examination. The Michaelite adds, \"I have been a regular subscriber of science magazines for the last many years. But did his hobby, which won him an award in an exhibition organized in Patna last year, ever worried his mother, Anamika Kakkar? \"I was happy to see him engrossed in designing circuits, but at times used to wonder if it would interfere with his studies. However, he has proved to be a perfect manager,\" says the mom.Sharduli Raghvendra of Delhi Public School, too, did wonders in science stream, though she missed the topper spot by a whisker, securing 97.2%. She scored above 95 in all the subjects. \"I didn't use to study for long hours. Apart from the examination days, it was just four hours a day. What mattered was studying smartly,\" Sharduli, a basketball player, said and credited her parents, family and teachers for her success.Humanities' students too gave the Patnaites a reason to smile. Notre Dame Academy's Shraddha Chaudhary, who topped in Patna region, has already qualified for the prestigious Common Law Aptitude test with a good rank of 48 and is all set to join NLSIU, Bangalore. Daughter of a senior police officer, Krishna Chaudhary, Shraddha said, \"I credit my parents, friends and teachers for my success.\" Scoring a perfect 100 in history and above 95 in all the subjects, Shraddha, who achieved 96.55% marks in aggregate, said, \"When examination days neared, 10-12 hours study was the norm for me, but otherwise it was not more than four hours a day.Her batchmate Shreya Rajlaxmi, who was the second topper in Patna region, is a bookworm. She got more than 95% marks in all the subjects. Like Shraddha, she too is interested in law, but is exploring the option of pursuing study in history or political science from any renowned college of Delhi University.The commerce stream students also created a mark. Mansi Aggrawal of DPS, who achieved 95.2% and is gearing up for the Common Proficiency Test, said she would also explore the options of BCom and economics from a Delhi University college. Nidhi of Patna Central School, who achieved 92.8% marks, has similar career plans, though she plans to stay in Patna. \"I shall pursue B Com from a prestigious college of the city. Simultaneously, I shall like to pursue Chartered Accountancy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653820", "title": "Open your mind: Psychology is window to opportunities", "text": "CHENNAI: There is little reason to be psyched about choosing a career in psychology. Opportunities abound for graduates in workplaces that range from hospitals and courthouses to schools and corporate firms.\"There is a great market demand for psychology graduates as it is a career-oriented course and students undergo both theoretical and practical training,\" says Fathima Vasanth, principal of Madras School of Social Work. The college has introduced a BSc degree in psychology this year to cater to growing demand among students.\"It is now mandatory for schools and colleges to employ counsellors,\" Vasanth says. \"Psychologists are also indispensable while working with senior citizens, youth or children and there is growing demand for professionals.\"At the undergraduate level, students study theory as well as gain practical skills in psychometric testing and other psychological tools. They can further specialize in social psychology, abnormal psychology, behaviour and organizational psychology, counselling psychology, rehabilitative or health and medical psychology. Counselling students can further focus on marital counselling, drug rehabilitation or consumer behaviour.\"If you specialize in forensic psychology, you can also get hired by police and insurance companies,\" says Saundarya Rajesh, Founder-President, AVTAR Career Creators and FLEXI Careers India. \"Whichever line of work you choose to pursue, you need to have a scientific temper, a genuine thirst to understand and make sense out of what is not obvious.\"\"Students also choose to further study social work and work for social welfare organizations. They can specialize in women and child welfare, criminal psychology or educational psychology and be employed in family courts, non-governmental organizations or even work with the police,\" says Sumathi Devarajan, assistant professor in the department of psychology at Women's Christian College. \"Students who choose to study consumer behaviour have opportunities in market research firms as analysts.\"Teachers say that students who want to study the subject should have an inherent interest in people. \"Interpersonal skills are very important for a career in psychology,\" says Devarajan. \"Many of our students get additional qualification in art therapy, learning disability or Montessori training during graduation and this makes them more employable.\"Students of psychology also find it easier to make their way into other careers as they have good communication and people skills. Graduates can also pursue a career in human resources management, public relations or advertising.\"Psychology graduates are also much sought after in MBA programmes, especially those with a specialization in human resources,\" says Vasanth. \"Large corporate firms need these people to assess strengths of a potential employee or to deal with the problems of the workforce.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13653135", "title": "Stay order on land bought by Subhash Ghai in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bollywood producer-director Subhash Ghai suffered another setback on Tuesday when the Punjab and Haryana high court stayed the execution of a sale deed of land purchased by his Mukta Arts in Badhsa village of Jhajjar district in Haryana.The decision comes roughly a month after the Supreme Court directions ordering the quashing of 14.5 acres of land allotted to Ghai on the outskirts of Mumbai.The stay order along with show-cause notices to Ghai, Haryana government and Jhajjar deputy commissioner were issued by the HC after taking cognizance of a petition alleging favoritism by the Haryana government in granting permission to sell the 20 acres of shamlat (village common land) to the Ghai.The petitioner, a teacher, had alleged that the land was sold to Ghai in 2010 for public purpose but he had put it to private use. The division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh issued the orders while hearing a petition filed by 70-year-old retired teacher Nafe Singh, who belongs to Badhsa village.The petition submitted on Tuesday had challenged the decision of the Haryana government to sell the village land allegedly in gross violation of rules and without there being any public purpose for Subhash Ghai-owned Mukta Arts.The counsel for the petitioner, Deepak Balyan, contended that the decision to sell the village land to Mukta Arts from the village panchayat was taken under pressure and not by free will.Alleging that the Haryana government machinery connived with Ghai despite the fact that the filmmaker wanted land for private purposes, petitioner's counsel gave an example where the Bombay HC had cancelled the allotment of 20 acres of land allotted to Ghai at Goregaon by Maharashtra government in a similar fashion.Badhsa gram panchayat had sent a resolution to the Haryana government on January 6, 2010, to permit it to sell the 20 acre land to Mukta Arts. The state government allowed the panchayat to sell the land in September for Rs 8.02 crore, which included the land price and annuity.The next date of hearing is July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650636", "title": "Students create awareness about safe drinking water in Maloya", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the city municipal corporation may be mum on the issue of unsafe drinking water in Maloya and adjacent areas, a group of youngsters from Panjab University are on a different a mission this summer.Spending their vacation creating awareness about hygiene in rural areas on the city periphery, these students chose to kickstart their campaign from Maloya, where several children had fallen sick two months ago due to consumption of unclean water.With abnormally high alkalinity, more hardness and presence of 92mg coliform bacilli per 100ml in a water sample collected from this area, students from the University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET), are motivating residents to use water from government- installed taps. Incidentally, due to dearth of taps installed by the MC, residents here have been resorting to installing hand pumps and using this water for consumption. \"The report that we had got was released by the public health laboratory at the waterworks in Sector 39 and it showed disturbed turbidity levels in the water being consumed by residents,\" says Karan Khurana, a second year student of BE (chemical engineering) at PU. Under the banner of SIFE, an organization of UICET students, these youngsters had collected water samples from these hand pumps and got them tested early this year. Akansha Agarwal, another UICET student says, \"We were working on another project when we got to know about this problem. It was about potters residing in Sector 25 colony who later shifted to Maloya.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13669420", "title": "Facebook 'worst performing IPO in decade'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Facebook shares have dropped below the $30 mark, in what has been dubbed as the worst-performing Initial Public Offering of any major floatation in the last decade.After placing at 38 dollars, Facebook's shares briefly peaked at 45 dollars before sinking back to 38.25 dollars on their first day of trading.They have fallen every day since then, and today plummeted nearly ten percent to a low of 28.84 dollars at the close in New York, The Telegraph reports.According to the report, most of the brokers are expected to cut their losses now that Facebook shares have passed the important psychological thresholds of $30 a share and a 20 percent drop in value.\"When something is this broken this quickly, they sell and move on,\" the paper quoted Sam Hamadeh, managing director of US research firm, PrivCo, as saying.\"Historically, initial public offerings that trade down this quickly don't ever recover. Brokers have lost quite a bit of money and many will have their own rules about dropping out when it passes that [$30] barrier,\" Hamadeh added.Meanwhile, Facebook and its Wall Street advisors are already being sued by investors who lost out in the 16 billion dollars IPO amid claims that they were misled about the social network's business prospects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651840", "title": "Narendra Modi faces mother of all Patel meets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the face of it, this meet is supposed to be an apolitical event. But, its cast gives it a strong political hue. On Saturday, Patel leaders cutting across party lines and ideologies - from former chief minister Keshubhai Patel to VHP's Jaideep Patel and Mahagujarat Janata Party's Gordhan Zadaphia to former state Congress chief Siddharth Patel and union minister Dinsha Patel - will share stage at Patidar Sneh Sammelan in Dholka.The meeting comes at a time when Keshubhai has upped the ante against chief minister Narendra Modi .He has started mobilizing politically influential Patels under the pretext that the community has not got its due under the present BJP regime.Zadaphia, an old Keshubhai aide and the junior home minister during the post Godhra riots, quit BJP over growing differences with Modi. Jaideep Patel's presence too is significant given VHP's rift with Modi administration over the past few years.Also present will be Congress strongman from Saurashtra Vitthal Radadia, Congress MLA Bavku Unghad and Naresh Patel, who mobilized lakhs of people during the inauguration of Khodaldham in Saurashtra sometime ago. Business tycoons like Nirma chairman Karsanbhai Patel will also be a part of the event.Significantly, no senior Patel leader of the BJP except Keshubhai has been invited. \"We are projecting Sardar Patel as our leader and will not be carried away by any political promises. It is like once beaten, twice shy,\" said one of the organizers.Former Union minister Kashiram Rana and Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) leader Fakir Chauhan, are among those who are likely to attend. Significantly, most of the leaders who will be attending the meeting are Narendra Modi-baiters.Rana told TOI, \"If Keshubhai can come out in open against the injustice in BJP, why should we stand aside? I will go to Gandhinagar on Wednesday.\"Chauhan said, \"We will decide the future course of action in the meeting. It is our duty to expose the wrong doings of Modi and his government.\"On quitting BJP, Rana said, \"I have been a BJP man for decades, but the current crop of leaders in the party don't consider us anything. We have to think about it at the right time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652860", "title": "Post Cortalim fiasco, Shantaram seeks to amend Representation of People's Act", "text": "PANAJI: To prevent a repeat of the Cortalim bypoll fiasco where the Congress candidate withdrew his nomination leaving the party without a candidate for the polls, Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik said he will seek an amendment to the Representation of People's Act, 1951, to give political parties 48 hours to nominate an alternative candidate in such circumstances.Naik, a Congress Rajya Sabha MP, said he would soon propose an amendment in the act if candidates withdraw from the fray without the permission of the party. He added that the time period need not be 48 hours, and could be just 24 hours.The Cortalim bypoll saw BJP candidate Alina Saldanha elected unopposed as the opposing candidates-Ramakant Borkar, an independent, and Congress candidate Raymond D'Sa-withdrew their nominations. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652585", "title": "Builders shift focus to 1 bedroom, hall and kitchen flats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The concept of studio apartments and single bed room houses has caught the fancy of real estate developers here. They are developing exclusive one BHK (bedroom, hall and kitchen) projects or ventures having 30% to 40% such units. These are mostly coming up from Khandagiri Square to Jatni, besides Chandrasekharpur, Patia and Chandaka. A 200 unit project floated at Tamando recently has 40% one BHK houses. An estimated 3,000 units of one BHK houses are in different stages of construction, real estate watchers said.Last week, a developer announced to launch a 164-unit four-storied project of fully furnished studio apartments close to the upcoming All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), eyeing bachelors' accommodation once AIIMS becomes functional. Studio flats, which combine a living room, bedroom and kitchen into a single room, is a new trend here though it is already very popular in cities like Bangalore and Gurgaon.Builders see huge opportunities for \"efficiency\" apartments in Bhubaneswar to accommodate the singles. \"Bachelors would look for houses close to their workplace. For them, compartmentalization of the housing unit into drawing, dining and kitchen space doesn't make any meaning. That is builders are eying this segment while creating studio apartment in Patia and Infocity areas, said Anup Kumar Mahapatra, a developer.Builders feel people can afford to buy one BHK houses but such units are in short supply. On the other hand, with no demand for 2/3 BHK houses, the housing price is almost stagnant in city for around two years now. \"To ensure a steady cash flow, builders are focusing on smaller units for which there are buyers,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray, president of Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha (REDA) who has launched the Tamando project.A one BHK house costs anything between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 18 lakh depending on its size and location. Builders are offering such units of size 450 sq ft to 750 sq ft.\"For a buyer looking for a house below Rs 20 lakh, there were very few options earlier. Builders are trying to tap these groups,\" said D S Tripathy, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Odisha branch. That is why besides one BHK houses, small two BHK units of size around 900 sq ft are also coming.Government authorities see the new trend as basically a demand-supply gap. \"Since developers went on creating 2BHK and 3BHK houses, there are plenty of such houses already available, but there are very few in the BHK segment. The market is doing an automatic readjustment to reduce the demand-supply gap,\" said Bhubaneswar Development Authority BDA) planning member Prashant Patnaik. Patnaik said many builders were seeking approval to make changes in their original plans to accommodate single bedroom flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13664250", "title": "BJD MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra rules out threat to Naveen Patnaik, says no plans to topple govt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after triggering speculation of cracks in ruling BJD in Odisha by holding a meeting of a group of MLAs, party MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra today ruled out any threat to chief minister Naveen Patnaik and said he had no plan to topple the government.\"There is absolutely no threat to Naveen Patnaik from me. He is completely safe as chief minister as he is the leader of the BJD,\" Mohapatra, who is regarded as chief adviser and strategist of the ruling BJD, told reporters here scotching speculation about a possible revolt in the party.Claiming that he had no aspiration to become chief minister, Mohapatra said there was no move at all to topple the government headed by Patnaik.\"Had I wanted to become chief minister I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years ... I could have tried in 2009 also,\" the former bureaucrat turned Rajya Sabha MP said.He said the chief minister had called him last night from abroad and enquired about several legislators gathering at his house and he explained to Patnaik that there was no formal meeting and that some MLAs had visited his house only to discuss their grievances and party matters. Referring to the chief minister's reported remark deploring last night's developments, he said Patnaik's comment was a result of \"misleading\" information given to him by some party leaders, who also held a meeting at Naveen Niwas as a \"panic reaction\" late last night.Patnaik had last night deplored the attempts to divide the party.\"I understand that in my absence an MP of my party is stirring trouble against my state government. And also trying to divide the Biju Janata Dal . This is deplorable,\" Patnaik had told PTI in London .However, Mohapatra admitted he had differences with Patnaik as he felt that the state government was gradually \"losing control due to arrogance of bureaucrats\".\"I had drawn the attention of the chief minister to this trend but little action has been taken. As a result arrogance of bureaucrats is increasing day by day,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13652630", "title": "'We see fresh opportunity in UP with a new leadership'", "text": "He has spearheaded the Gates Foundation's Shivgarh Project and helped bring down neonatal mortality in Rae Bareli district of Uttar Pradesh. Days ahead of co-chair of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Bill Gates' visit to Lucknow, Swati Mathur caught up with Dr Gary Darmstadt, director, Family Health Global Health Program, to talk about the experience of having worked in UP, the challenges ahead and the new initiatives planned by the foundation in the state.Q. There have been concerns in the past about the Foundation finding it difficult to work in UP. Possibly, there was also talk of pulling out of the state. Now, with Bill Gates visiting, things appear positive. What is the main Agenda?A. I wouldn't say we were considering pulling out of UP. In fact, we have made a number of investments in the state. We have a number of learning projects going on and we wanted to engage with the government. Now, we see fresh opportunity with a new leadership and a lot more energy. There appears to be an openness and keenness to really do something and to transform the state of UP. We are focused on ways to form a more productive relationship; to work with the government to identify priorities for helping the state.Q. So far, the Gates' Foundation activities in UP have largely been restricted to healthcare initiatives. Globally and in other parts of India, though, the foundation has also invested in the agriculture and education sectors. Any plans to expand base in UP?A. We have a number of teams at the Gates Foundation that are interested in engaging with UP at various levels. My team, of family health, dealing with nutrition, neonatal mortality, is certainly one of them. We are looking forward to engage. As I mentioned, there are a number of things that are going on right now and new projects we will invest in. One of the initiatives that we are very excited about is implementing a model developed by a researcher at Harvard University . He has developed a simple checklist that surgeons use, which helps them, very systematically, with the steps they need to go through in order for a successful surgical outcome. It has brought down the mortality from surgery. We're applying that kind of methodology to childbirth. We're trying to make childbirth and the immediate post-delivery period healthier and safer. Initiatives in the area of vaccines and immunisation programmes are also planned. We're also investing in initiatives that are looking at and meeting the needs of women, including family planning. We make sure that we do that in line with what the government wants, within their schemes and programmes to make sure they are a success. Though health is fundamental to the work we do in UP, there are other initiatives also, panned, as an example, by the financial services for the poor team.Q. What makes UP a strategic focus state for the Gates Foundation?A. It's a place where there's a large burden; both in terms of population and disease. And it's a place where we see tremendous opportunity for making advances. We also realise that some of the goals we have, take the Millennium Development Goals for instance, really require us to address India for achieving them around the world. In UP, it is very important what the health indicators suggest and we see it as a major opportunity to make a difference, for the state, for India and for the entire World.Q. How has the experience of working in UP been?A. One of the projects we've been looking at is a project on building community engagement, village health and sanitation committees and community-based bodies that can play a role in developing healthy behaviours. We've actually seen some very promising change. There's a spirit in the people where they want to engage and to improve their lives. That's really the fundamental basis where we need to see transformation happen. We feel that the ingredients, for transforming health and development in UP, are here. We just need to fan them and bring them to life.Q. Is it easy working with the government?A. Well, we have a new government and we are hopeful that the working relation will be one that will be very dynamic and exciting and productive.Q. Are there challenges you foresee?A. Any time you're establishing a new partnership it takes a while to come together. With every challenge comes opportunity. Any time we are forming a new partnership it takes time to understand each others' strengths, perspectives and goals. To develop a common set of goals and action that will lead you to achieving those goals. That process is exciting and we're keen to embark on that journey.Q. Can we expect announcements; fresh investments or new projects?A. I think at this point we are really focused on exploring opportunities and opening up the dialogue process. We are beginning to establish those relationships and build trust. Understanding each others' perspective and what we can each bring to the partnership in order to make it really synergistic is what we are targeting.Q. Shall we expect more visits, more often, in the future?A. (Laughs) We are here pretty often anyway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653110", "title": "UP to launch its tourist helpline soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Soon, tourists visiting Uttar Pradesh will have help at hand. The state tourism department is all set to launch a toll-free helpline for tourists. The helpline would offer details related to tourist destinations in UP. Director general, tourism, UP, Manoj Singh said, \"If all goes as per plans, we will be able to start the helpline in the first week of June.\" The helpline would be of help to visitors expected to throng Allahabad during the two-month long Maha Kumbh scheduled in January 2013. The helpline would be attended by operators at a four-seater call centre. The staff is imparted trained by the Kanshiram Institute for Tourism Studies. Director of the institute, Prof Manoj Dixit said, \"The staff is trained for the technical part of the work. But mere handling of a call is not enough, when it comes to a helpline. So we are trying to impart lessons in functional and behavioural aspect of the task. Industry skills such as mannerism and etiquette are also being inculcated in the receivers.\"Officials informed that the caller will be able to avail information on where to stay, how to commute and whom to contact. The number would come handy in case of distress situations as well. \"Many times, a tourist is unaware of the governing system . So they may find themselves stranded in case they loose their documents or fall prey to any miscreants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13650491", "title": "Six child labourers rescued", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six child labourers, including five girls, employed in a textile shop and a petrol bunk in the city were rescued on Tuesday.The National Child Labour Project, departments of labour and factories, health, revenue and police raided textile shops, bakeries and various shops in Peelamedu, RS Puram, Thekkupalayam areas in Coimbatore district on Tuesday.Four girls, aged between 13 and 14, were rescued from Sri Vasudeva textiles at Thekkupalayam on the outskirts of the city. A 13-year-old girl was rescued from a house at Uppilipalayam near Singanallur and a 13-year-old boy was rescued from a petrol bunk.The rescued children have been sent to a shelter home and their parents have been informed by the district administration. \"The departments of labour and factories will take action against the textile shop, petrol bunk and house owner,\" said Vijayakumar, director of the National Child Labour Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653371", "title": "One killed, four trapped in mine collapse at Harmara", "text": "JAIPUR: At least one labourer was killed and three others seriously injured while four are feared trapped when a portion of a stone mine collapsed at Asojai village in Harmara police station area on Tuesday. The villagers shouted slogans alleging that the labourer lost his life as the police and administration could not start the rescue operation on time.Three labourers who were rescued are undergoing treatment at SMS Hospital. The police said that whether the mine was illegal was being investigated.Till midnight, only one earth moving machine could be arranged for the rescue operation.According to Additional DCP, west, Yogesh Goyal, the mishap occurred near Khora area in Asojai village around 6 pm. \"Prima facie it has come up that the stone mine was owned by one Giri Singh. However, further investigation regarding this is on,\" said the officer.Several labourers were employed in stone breaking work with the help of an earth moving machine when a large part of the mine's outer surface caved in.\"We heard a loud thud and we rushed to the spot. We came to know that at least nine labourers were buried under the debris,\" said one Manoj Kumar , a local resident.Villagers alleged that no senior officers from the administration and police arrived immediately. \"We have taken four labourers out alive. However, they sustained injuries. They were immediately rushed to the hospital. These labourers are residents of nearby villages,\" said the officer. The police said that after the villagers said that more labourers were trapped, rescue operation was likely to continue till wee hours.Police said that no safety measures are being followed at the mine. \"The workers were not wearing helmets and did not have other safety equipment on,\" said the officer. The police said that action would be taken against the mine owner.Several mining mishaps have occurred in the state. At least five labourers were killed when an illegal mine on Aravalli hills collapsed in Alwar's Bhiwadi area last week. Similarly, three labourers had been buried alive in a mining mishap in Rajsamand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13653737", "title": "Clash over installing Charan Singh's statue in Alwar, 28 injured", "text": "ALWAR: There was tension here when thousands of supporters of former Prime Minister, Chaudhary Charan Singh were trying to forcibly install his statue. Since the police and district administration had not given any prior permission to install the statue, the supporters mainly the workers of Jat Mahasabha had violent confrontation with the police in which at least 28 persons including eight policemen were injured.Thousands of supporters of Chaudhary Charan Singh were gathered outside the Company Bagh area here on an invitation from the Jat Mahasaba in an event 'Kisan Rally' on Tuesday noon. The police had anticipated that the supporters would forcibly choose a road junction to install the statue, heavy police force was already deployed in and around the area.During the afternoon supporters started moving away from the Company Bagh area and reached Bijali Chauraha but spotting heavy police force the supporters moved ahead and reached Hanuman Chauraha with foundation stone and the statue. The situation became tense when the supporters started pelting stones on the police deployed in the area. \"Police had to use tear shells and force to disperse them. During the confrontation eight policemen including SHO, Kotwali were injured while 6 others from the agitators were also injured,\" Umesh Chand Dutta, superintendent of police, Alwar told TOI. However, sources added that at least 28 persons were injured.According to eye witnesses some policemen were seen running away to save themselves from the angry mob. Dutta added that the supporters did not have any prior permission to install the statue on the spot. \"Initially police attempted to convince them to move away from the spot and some of them even gave assurance but the agitators turned berserk,\" Dutta added.The situation in the area was put under control with heavy deployment of the police. \"We have arrested at least 40 persons in this connection and have registered cases relating to damaging public property including police vehicles and also disturbing peace in the area,\" Dutta added.District magistrate, Ashutosh AT who reached the spot said, \"They (Jat Mahasabha) were briefed about the formalities needed to get permission for such an event, still they gathered and were forcibly trying to install the statue.\"Asked if police opened fire, neither the police nor the district administration confirmed it, however, locals claimed that police fired in the air to disperse the mob.Chaudhary Virendra Singh, national president of Akhil Bharatiya Jat Mahasabha, Rajaram Meel, state president of Jat Mahasabha were to participate in the function and BJP MLA from Ramgarh (Alwar) Gyan Dev Ahuja was to preside over it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13650768", "title": "Power firm to pay Rs 10K to consumer for excess billing", "text": "THANE: A 57-year-old Kalwa resident won a battle against MSEDCL after the Thane district consumer redressal forum recently held the state-run power company guilty of excessive billing and providing deficient services.Anand Rao, a resident of Ganpati Pada in Vitava, secured a compensation of Rs 10,000 to be paid by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd for repeatedly overlooking the consumer's requests to replace his faulty residential electricity meter.The MSEDCL invited bitter criticism from the forum's president R B Somani and member Jyoti Iyer for billing Rao in excess of his power consumption. The MSEDCL had issued a bill of Rs 76,990 in January 2007 to Rao for power consumed between 2002 and 2005.Rao argued that he had been occupying the Vitava house since 1997 and his monthly average bill was Rs 310. He said the electricity meter displayed faulty readings and he had complained to the power company to replace the faulty meter and ensure that his reading is calculated correctly.The meter was replaced by the company only August 2005. Along with the new meter, a bill of Rs 65,150 was issued to Rao. \"I registered my protest and the bill amount was reduced. However, in May 2006, I again received a bill of Rs 49,930 of which Rs 47,684 was said to be pending arrears. This bill was also slashed after I objected to the high amount,'' Rao said in his complaint to the forum.In January 2007, the MSEDCL sent him a bill of Rs 76,990 after calculating the power use from March 2002 to May 2005. \"It was the MSEDCL's primary responsibility to replace the faulty meter and give proper services to the consumer,\" the forum ruled. The forum directed MSEDCL to pay a compensation of Rs 8,000 towards mental torture and an additional Rs 2,000 towards legal expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651215", "title": "Team Anna keeps up attack, says Krishna helped private firms make huge profits", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after foreign minister S M Krishna threatened legal action against Team Anna, the activists stepped up their attack alleging that he was involved not just in granting mining leases of protected forest areas but also allotting iron ore 'fines' at throwaway rates to private companies.The group reiterated their July 24 deadline saying the government should set up a special probe against the Cabinet ministers whom they had named. Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan told reporters that Krishna, who headed the Karnataka government between 1999 and 2004, responded to their allegations by terming the issue as \"sub-judice\". He said though Congress spokespersons had termed the allegations as \"unsubstantiated\", they stood by their allegations on corruption in mining deals in the state.In documents sent to PM Manmohan Singh and Krishna, Bhushan said the policy to keep private companies out of iron ore mining was reversed while Krishna was chief minister. Bhushan also alleged that successive decisions to allocate forest land to private parties were taken despite reservations expressed by forest officials and the minister concerned.In fact, Bhushan said the original Cabinet note and files were not given to the Karnataka Lokayukta which explains why Krishna has not been named in the report. Bhushan alleged that the former chief minister managed to get relief as the state government did not furnish a Cabinet note to the Lokayukta in which the chief minister had signed a note recommending de-reservation of 11,620 sq km forest land and permission for iron ore mining by private companies.\"We have found the allegations correct and the loss to the state exchequer has been found to be of the tune of thousands of crores of rupees,\" he said, adding that iron ore 'fines', that attracted a market price of Rs 2,200 per tonne, was sold to private companies at throwaway rates like Rs 35-Rs 250 per tonne.Bhushan said of the allocations that had come to light, a loss of Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer could be estimated.Krishna in his response termed the matter sub-judice since he had obtained a stay from the Supreme Court against the proceedings in the Lokayukta, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13653352", "title": "Army chief seeks villagers' support for road to his house", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Army chief V K Singh is engaged in negotiations with villagers to clear the way for the approach road to his house to be constructed in Tapovan village. Singh, who is to retire on Thursday, has purchased a piece of land measuring around 750 yards in this village. But no good road exists here. The boundary wall has been erected but one has to tread a bumpy path to reach the place.Sources said the Army chief met his neighbours during his recent visit to plan the road but nothing could be decided. Villagers said they shall call a meeting and reach a conclusion. \"As the road shall be made on the area already is use, land holders, except one, have agreed to give way,\" said a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652316", "title": "Victims of Cong's illegal job appointments meet Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Tense moments prevailed outside chief minister (CM) Manohar Parrikar's official residence at Altinho in Panaji on Tuesday when a mob of around 500 youths who had been issued offer letters by the previous government, protested the BJP government's decision to cancel the selection.The job seekers have planned a one-day token hunger strike on Wednesday outside the CM's official residence.When chief minister Manohar Parrikar came out of his residence to meet them, they raised slogans against his government for scraping vacancies created by the congress government.\"We have decided to hold a one-day token hunger strike at CM's official residence to protest against the government decision to scrap the vacancies,\" said Chandrakant Parab, who got offer letter to join as store keeper in health department.The youths who received officer letters from health, mines, electricity, education and irrigation departments had gathered to meet Parrikar to demand not to scrap the jobs.\"Give me the proof that you have received offer letter from post office and if recruitment is done legally then I assure to absorb you,\" Parikar said.Unhappy over the assurance of Parrikar, job seekers started shouting slogans and took out at rally from CM's residence to Panaji town police station. \"We will decide future course of action tomorrow (Wednesday),\" Parab said.Job seekers also threatened to move the court if government does not accept their demands. Earlier three member delegation met Parrikar. \"CM told us that he cannot recruit us and fresh advertisement will be issued where you can apply\", said Parab, who was the member of delegation.Suraj who was selected for the post of field supervisor in mines department said on what basis CM is saying the selection process is fraud. He also said the process of appointing field supervisors had been completed ahead of model code of conduct was announced. Another member reminded that to get votes, Parrikar had while addressing a public meeting, assured the applicants that he would not cancel their appointments if legal procedure was followed.\"We have decided to gather at the Azad maiden in Panaji on June 1 to decide the future course of action,\" Suraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653596", "title": "Minister joins the chorus against Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: The resentment against chief minister Ashok Gehlot touched new heights on Tuesday, as the band of disgruntled Congress legislators opposed to him got support from a cabinet minister for the first time.Minister for social justice and empowerment Ashok Bairwa not only extended support to the legislators by saying that their complaints were genuine, but also identified himself as one among them with similar grievances. In a fresh revelation, the minister, who belongs to a Dalit community, said the resentment was especially brewing among the Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) legislators.\"There is resentment among the legislators, especially among the SC/ST legislators. Their complaints are genuine and I shall discuss these with the chief minister,\" Bairwa later told media. He is a third-time legislator from Khandar constituency in Sawai Madhopur district.Of the half-a-dozen legislators who met at the social justice and empowerment minister's residence, four belonged to the SC/ST communities. These included CL Premi, Daulat Raj Naik, Ramlal Meghwal and Ganga Ben Garasia. Udai Lal Anjana (OBC) and Ganga Sahai Sharma were also present. They were among the nearly 29 Congress legislators who have repeatedly complained against Gehlot to the party high command, including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi .In a strong statement, the Raisinghnagar (Sriganganagar) legislator Naik said the aggrieved legislators were \"ready to go to any extent\" if things did not improve. Mentioning about a feast organised by another Dalit minister and Gehlot's confidant Babu Lal Nagar, Naik said, \"It was organised as part of a political move but none of the 18 legislators from the SC community attended it. We wanted to send a strong message to the chief minister that if conditions did not change, we were ready to go to any extent.\"The disgruntled Congressmen on Tuesday accused Gehlot of centralizing all the powers in himself. They hit out at the chief minister's style of functioning saying that the present government was being controlled by the bureaucrats, especially the IAS officers stationed in the chief minister's office. It was alleged that neither the common man's grievances nor even the ministers' instructions were getting heard under the prevailing system.Keshoraipatan (Bundi) legislator Premi said, \"We cannot understand why the bureaucracy was so dominating under the present government. We doubt if the bureaucrats are following the ministers' instructions.\"Naik added, \"Actually, what we are conveying to the high command are the ministers' complaints. They are not getting a free hand in the governance and, thus, keep expressing their pains to us. The ministers request us to complain to the high command.\" Nimbahera (Chittorgarh) MLA Anjana said, \"Despite complaints to the high command, things have not improved. We are still not being heard.\"Minister Bairwa said the legislators were only trying to strengthen the party by pointing out the government's lapses. \"All they are saying is that if the local workers' issues are heard then the party will be strengthened,\" Bairwa said.On being asked if he was now the leader of the disgruntled group, the minister without denying it said, \"I am a sensitive person and maintain a dialogue with everyone, so my fellow legislators have come to me with their problems. I will take up their issues with the chief minister because their ultimate aim is to strengthen the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656104", "title": "Election Commission notice to CM", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission on Tuesday issued a notice to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy seeking an explanation on his remarks made at a Congress workers' meeting in Tirupati last week.The complaint against the CM was that he asked each party worker to \"cast 10 votes\" in the June 12 byelections. The EC gave the CM time till May 31 to reply to the notice, official sources said.YSR Congress had lodged a complaint against Kiran Kumar accusing him of violating the election code of conduct before the bypolls. Taking cognizance of the complaint, the Election Commission issued the notice, the sources added.As part of his campaigning for the bypolls, Kiran had been preaching a new mantra to Congress workers, \"Each one, change 10 (voters).\"When he spoke about it for the first time in Narsapur early this month, party workers were left wondering \"what to change\" as Kiran could not clearly explain the idea. The CM, said to have poor command over Telugu, went on repeating the same mantra in other constituencies also. However, his party has blamed \"communication gap\" for the episode.\"What Kiran actually meant was that each worker should make at least 10 people vote for the Congress but it was probably misinterpreted,\" a state Congress leader, who has accompanied the CM on election tours, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13652132", "title": "Truck owners' protest", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Truck owners of Lohardaga and Gumla burnt effigies of chief minister Arjun Munda and transport minister Champai Soren at Subhash Chowck in Lohardaga on Tuesday, protesting against the transport department's decision of not renewing permits for trucks more than 15 years' old.The agitators gathered in large number under the banner of the Lohardaga-Gumla Truck Owners' Association. People in Lohardaga and Gumla mostly depend on plying of about 1,100 trucks ferrying bauxite to Lohardaga unloading station from different mines of the two districts. At least 700-800 trucks are 15 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13652026", "title": "Antony opposes petrol price hike", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday said he was opposed to fuel price hike. Stopping just short of saying that the government should have continued to decide on oil pricing, Antony blamed oil companies for misusing deregulation rights given to them.\"Ideally, the government should have continued to fix oil prices. But with oil companies being given the freedom to decide on the market price, there is little say we have on this issue,'' he told reporters along the sidelines of a campaign tour of Neyyattinkara constituency which goes to polls on June 2.Maintaining that there was no move to hike prices of diesel and LPG, Antony said the opposition was creating unwanted controversies by raising a non-existent issue. \"I am opposed to fuel price hike. No proposal is before the Centre to hike the prices of diesel and LPG. The petrol price hike would not affect the prospects of the UDF in the Neyyattinkara bypoll,'' he added.Antony who had a whirlwind tour of the constituency attended seven election conventions, starting from the fishing hamlet of Pozhiyoor and concluding at Neyyattinkara town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653720", "title": "TV industry worried as shows lose audience", "text": "CHENNAI: There seem to be fewer people spending time in front of the TV, and it's got those in the industry breaking into a sweat. Quite literally too, as they say power cuts are one of the biggest reasons for a dip in the numbers of television audiences.The Gross Rating Point (GRP) -- which denotes the total number of viewings of a television programme -- for TV in Tamil Nadu has gone down from the usual figure of 4,500 to around 3900. \"Clearly, the number of people spending time in front of the television has reduced. However, with the power cuts having reduced a bit, we can see slight improvement,\" says Aldam Jacob, network head-non-fiction, Sun TV Network Limited.According to Mala Manian, COO of Raj TV, the power cuts are also affecting advertising revenue generated by television channels. She says that her sales team has to give advertisers bonus time and extra slots because they cannot give them the number of eyeballs promised on account of the power cuts. \"We have noticed that the power cut of a couple of hours has a ripple effect,\" adds Manian. \"For instance, a power cut may be from 4pm to 5pm in an area, but people will end up doing their other work from 5 pm onwards to make up for the time lost due to the power cut and so they won't really be turning the television on,\" she says.Over at Star Vijay, general manager K Sriram says that power cuts have cut the channel's viewership by 15 to 20 per cent. As a result, the channel is trying to repackage some of its programs to literally make up for the time lost. \"We are running a special highlights package for our show 'Neengalum Vellalaam Oru Kodi' over the weekends. It runs for an hour and a half, and replays the best moments from the entire week's programs for those who missed it,\" says Sriram. He adds that the channel had to get permission from the show's anchor Suriya to show the extra package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651389", "title": "Ravi Rishi's youngest brother now accuses him of fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Company Law Board (CLB) is set to hold its final hearing on July 3 in a case filed against Ravi Rishi, who is under investigation in the Tatra scandal, by his youngest brother Rajinder. Only last week, another brother, Jatinder, had filed a case against the NRI businessman with the CLB, accusing him of manipulating funds of their family firm Rishi Electronics Ltd.According to fresh information emerging from CLB and other sources, Rajinder is already fighting a case against the Tatra owner. Rajinder had filed a case before the CLB in 2008, accusing Ravi of fraud and mismanagement of their company's funds. The case is now listed for final hearing on July 3. Jatinder has made similar allegations in his petition filed last week before the CLB.Over the weekend, Ravi Rishi had dismissed the allegations raised by his brothers, saying he was \"surprised\". \"I have not seen my brothers for almost 10 years; they have been party to the sale and immediately collected their share of money. He did not even come to the funeral of his mother and father. This is unfortunate that when I have other issues, they are bringing family feuds also in the picture,\" he said.However, Rajinder told TOI, \"I had filed cases of fraud, mismanagement of funds against Mr Ravi Rishi, Mr D K Gupta and the associated companies in June 2006 and got the status quo on the sale and development (of the land owned by Rishi Electronics).\" He said he was forced to withdraw the case under force, \"but I am still maintaining the case against Mr Ravi Rishi in Company Law Board\".Rajinder said after their father died in 2002, Ravi took control of all his assets which was mainly the 5.25 acre property located at B-319, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-I in New Delhi. \"We three brothers had met and decided to sell the assets and divide the sale proceeds among the three of us and our mother,\" Rajinder said.\"On May 25, 2005, myself, Mr Jatinder Rishi and Mr Anil Mansharamani (representing Mr Ravi Rishi) met a buyer and agreed on a price of Rs 32.25 crore. The buyer was prepared to buy the company along with the assets -- thus all the four shareholders (three brothers &amp; mother) would get equal share,\" Rajinder said.Two days later, Ravi introduced them to D K Gupta, a builder, saying that he was offering Rs 32.31 crore and was buying only the assets from the company, Rajinder said. He added that in December 2005, \"Mr Ravi Rishi called me and said that Mr D K Gupta was now ready to pay and had already paid Rs 20 crore in cash. Then, he asked to sign two more agreements and affidavit saying that the registration was for 12 crore. I had objection to this, but he said he will give my share later,\" Rajinder said. However, he was not given his share, he alleged.The youngest Rishi also alleged that some money from Rishi Electronics was diverted to Rishi Public Welfare Trust, of which Ravi Rishi was a trustee. Some Rs 6 crore from Rishi Electronics was transferred by Ravi Rishi to his own company Vectra Investment Pvt Ltd, Rajinder alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650672", "title": "Property dealer waylaid and shot for \u2018not paying\u2019 bookies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IPL season may have come to a close, but its darker side is beginning to show. There have been reports of a murder and an attempt to murder in connection with betting during the IPL season. In the first incident, a property dealer from Jharoda Kalan in southwest Delhi, was allegedly waylaid by five men in a Verna car on Sunday night and shot in the presence of his brother and a friend. Police said the shooting took place after the IPL final was wound up. The victim is learnt to have placed bets but failed to cough up the sum lost. Police are also probing the possibility of a property dispute. The victim was taken to Mata Chanan Devi Hospital, where he was declared dead.Hours later, armed men attacked a man, claiming that he was a bookie trying to set up base in Mukherjee Nagar. The victim, Nirankar Singh, was a resident of Permanand Colony. The accused came to his house and asked for a share in his earnings. When Singh denied being involved in a betting syndicate, he was beaten up and then shot in the leg. He was taken to the Shusrut Trauma Centre near Civil Lines, where he was declared to be out of danger. Police have arrested four people, including one Ajay Kalia and one Afzali, both from northeast Delhi. Sources claimed they were acting as recovery agents.\"There was frenetic betting before the cliffhanger final match. Also, bookies want to settle their accounts before the Euro Cup kicks off next month. Though we had smashed two syndicates during the finals, several other bookies might have escaped the police net,'' said a senior crime branch officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652538", "title": "State to collect ore export data from ports", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Struggling to prevent illegal transportation of minerals for the past few years, the state government has decided to collect export data from six ports in the eastern and southern coast from June, official sources said on Tuesday.Sources said export data will be gathered from the ports at Paradip, Dhamra, Haldia, Kakinada, Gangavaram and Vishakapatnam. The data will be integrated with help of the state government's Integrated Mines and Mineral Management System. It is an online data verification and permit generation software for mineral transportation put in place by the state government about two years ago in the aftermath of the mega mining scam, which Opposition parties alleged was worth around Rs three lakh crore.Steel and mines secretary Deoranjan Kumar Singh said the six ports through which minerals are being exported from Odisha would hereafter be connected under the system so that they share export data with the state government from June 1.\"Ports which fail to share requisite date would not be permitted to handle minerals being exported from Odisha. Port authorities have to furnish data on export of minerals from the state every fortnight,\" Singh told media persons. This, he said, would enable the state government to have reliable information regarding the quantum of minerals being exported as well as the companies involved. \"The idea is usher in transparency in the mining sector and curb illegalities,\" he noted.The government move to collect export data from different ports follows its efforts to integrate date from the railways and the commercial taxes wing. Faced with probes by the state vigilance as well as the Shah Commission of Inquiry, the government has over the past couple of years taken several steps including suspending operationalisation of a host of mines, arresting scores of illegal mineral traders and putting restrictions on mineral transportation to check illegalities in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652225", "title": "JMM not to back any party in Hatia bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: The Ajsu Party, which was eyeing the Hatia seat in the June 12 bypoll with the support of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), suffered a major setback as Shibu Soren's party decided not to support any one.The decision was taken at the legislative party meeting of the JMM at the residence of Soren here on Tuesday.Sources in the party said initially the leaders decided to support the Ajsu Party in the Hatia byelection because they had supported the JMM candidate in the Rajya Sabha election.\"It was very difficult to arrive at the decision as two important allies in the government, the BJP and the Ajsu Party have fielded candidate for the byelection. The BJP leaders wanted that the JMM should support its candidate as he had lost the election in 2009 by a small margin of 25 votes. At the same time, the Ajsu Party was pressuring us for support as all its five MLAs had voted in favour of our candidate in the Rajya Sabha bypoll. After keeping in mind all permutation and combinations, we have decided that the JMM will not support any party in the assembly byelection,\" said a JMM leader present in the meeting. The meeting was attended by almost all senior leaders of the JMM including leader of the legislative party in the Jharkhand assembly Hemant Soren, who is also deputy chief minister in the Arjun Munda-led government.JMM spokesperson Supriyo Bhattacharya said the coalition dharma prevented them from supporting any party in the byelection. \"Our party will not support any party in the election. None of our leader will campaign in the election,\" he added.The seat was vacant since 2010 after the death of sitting Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo, but the Election Commission could not organize the byelection as a petition challenging the result was pending in the Jharkhand high court. The petition was filed by BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "beirut", "code": "13655109", "title": "'Most of 108 Houla victims executed'", "text": "BEIRUT: The UN's human rights office said on Tuesday that most of the 108 victims of a chilling massacre in Syria last week were shot at close range, some of them women and children who were gunned down in their homes.The report offered grim new details of an event that could prove to be a turning point in Syria's 15 months of violence, but did not decisively say who carried out most of the killings. It did, however, cite survivors and witnesses who blamed the house-tohouse killings on pro-government militias known as shabiha , who often operate as hired muscle for the regime.\"What is very clear is this was an absolutely abominable event that took place in Houla, and at least a substantial part of it was summary executions of civilians, women and children ,\" said Rupert Colville, spokesman for UN High commissioner for Human Rights.However, a defiant Assad, backed by Russia , showed no sign of yielding to pressure. Assad's government denied having anything to do with the deaths, or even having heavy weapons in the area. He himself repeated to Annan that \"terrorist groups\" were stepping up killings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13665015", "title": "Dump most of Team Anna and join us: Subramanian Swamy tells Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Team Anna under attack for levelling allegations against the Prime Minister, Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy today asked Anna Hazare to leave the group which is in the grip of \"Naxalite minded crazies\" and join him and Ramdev in the fight against graft.\"Team Anna has always been in the grip of Naxalite minded crazies. It is time Anna Hazare dump most of Team Anna and join Action Committee Against Corruption in India (ACACI) and Ramdev for nationalist approach to fighting corruption,\" Swamy said.He said Team Anna has accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of corruption and want him to be prosecuted but alleged that they have not specified under which section of Prevention of Corruption Act is he prima facie guilty.He alleged the \"glib accusations\" appear to derail the legal steps to bring the corrupt to book which ACACI was undertaking.Last Saturday, Team Anna had brought the Prime Minister under the line of fire levelling corruption allegations against him and seeking an independent probe by Special Investigation Team comprising three prominent retired judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650098", "title": "Libyan held in bid to con Indore businessman", "text": "INDORE: The city police arrested a 40-year-old Libyan here on Monday night for allegedly luring a city businessman through an email to do online business. The accused was trying to get Rs 70,000 invested from the businessman under the garb of giving a final shape to the project. The accused has been identified as as Abdul Qarim Fofana.Manoj Bodse, a city-based businessman who resides in Scheme No. 114, in his complaint has alleged that he received an email from a stranger identifying himself as Dr Omar Asbu on May 9 last evincing his interest to start a joint business venture in India. Asbu was enthused to make Manoj his partner in the tie-up and offered him 30% of the revenue of the business.Manoj, who was surprised at the email, demanded proof for the offer. Asbu quickly got back to him saying that one of his representatives would meet Manoj in this regard and personally explain about the project. Meanwhile, Manoj gave Asbu his contact number and address.Talking to ToI, Manoj said a stranger Abdul Qarim Fofana identifying himself as the representative of Asbu called him up early in the morning on May 27 from Navlakha bus stand here. Manoj brought Fofana to his residence and later put him up at a hotel nearby since he was a non-vegetarian.Surprisingly, Fofana was keen to stay in a hotel, but asked Manoj to pay the bill assuring to return later. Fofna was lodged at a Hotel at Navlakha bus stand.The accused initially told him that his chief Asbu would come with money, which would be invested in the 'business.' However, on May 28, Fofana told that his boss would not come and instead he would send money through some of his officials.The accused asked Manoj to pay Rs 70,000 to get the money through the Libyan Embassy in Mumbai. When Manoj said he would also accompany him to Mumbai to pay the money there, Fofana asked him to deposit the amount in a bank account and his 'boss' will return it soon. Sensing foul play, Manoj approached the Lasudia police and lodged a complaint. Police arrested Fofana from the hotel and are looking for Asbu. Police have booked the accused under Sections 420, 464, 468, 471, 470 of IPC and Section 66 of the IT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661985", "title": "When Nargis Fakhri kissed 'stranger' Ness Wadia", "text": "Perhaps her spokesperson hasn't seen these pictures. Wonder what's with this lingering goodbye One film old and Nargis Fakhri has already acquired quite the list of admirers. First Ayan Mukherjee and Ranbir Kapoor were busy showing her around the city during her pre- Rockstar days. And then, Shahid Kapoor whisked her to Goa for a birthday bash by the sea. But what may eclipse her previous list of 'good friends' is the newest star addition - Ness Wadia.The cozy camaraderie between Nargis and Ness caught our attention at Karan Johar's blockbuster birthday bash held at a suburban five star on May 25. Though there were too many stars under the same roof vying for the spotlight, Nargis and Ness and their rather animated conversation did not go unnoticed.An eyewitness, while describing the party even told us how Ness and Nargis stuck to each other for the brief period of time Nargis stayed there. In fact, Ness, who was busy enjoying his unending supply of drinks and ignoring ex-girlfriend Preity Zinta , even came to drop Nargis to her car outside the hotel.Although the official spokesperson of Nargis claimed, \"Nargis and Ness don't even know each other,\" the pictures of her 'goodbye' to the entrepreneur paints a completely different picture.The actress was spotted saying a rather lengthy 'farewell' to Ness. However, her spokesperson maintained, \"This is completely untrue. They just said 'hello' to each other at KJo's party. Nargis was at the party for about 40 minutes only. She entered and left with her manager, who by the way is a woman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13652041", "title": "Women launch spirited drive against liquor", "text": "ANGUL: Women in Angul's Madhupur have taken it upon themselves to stop liquor trade in the area. The recent rape and murder of a girl by an inebriated man has triggered a sense of anger among the women. On Tuesday, they took oath to end the miseries inflicted by drunkards on women.They organized anti-liquor campaigns in the village. \"We have decided to fine liquor sellers Rs 10,000 and charge Rs of 2,000 from those who consume illicit liquor. Even after this if anyone dares to sell or consume alcohol, they would be punished by us,\" said Mukta Naik, president of Mahila Grama Sangram Committee.She added many families have been ruined with male members getting addicted to alcohol. \"Despite several complaints, the police didn't take any action against liquor sellers. So we decided to take these steps\", she alleged. Hundreds of women from different SHGs of Madhupur area joined the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653616", "title": "Man gets life for abducting girl for ransom", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000 for kidnapping a seven-year-old girl for ransom. Meena Satheesh, special judge, Mahalir Court (women's court), passed orders on the matter on Tuesday.Special public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan said that S Prem Karthik with his friends M Ramesh Kumar and G Anand Kumar and Hariharan, a juvenile, hatched a plan to kidnap a school girl for ransom. They used Ramesh Kumar's driving license to purchase a cell phone from Anand Kumar's shop to make the ransom call.Prem Karthik used a two-wheeler to kidnap the class 2 girl from Anna Adarsh Matriculation Higher Secondary School on April 2, 2008. The girl's father, S Amjad, lodged a police complaint that evening saying he had received a call demanding a ransom of Rs 15 lakh, failing which his daughter would be killed. Police officers traced Prem Karthik through the cellphone tower location and rescued the girl.Passing orders, the judge said the involvement of Ramesh Kumar, Anand Kumar and Hariharan were not made out from the child's testimony, statements of the prosecution's witnesses nor the evidence. They were acquitted of the charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653816", "title": "Ten with injuries move to Pune hospitals", "text": "PUNE: As many as 10 people injured in the accident on Monday shifted from Panvel hospitals where they were being treated to four hospitals in the city on Tuesday.Yerawada Hospitals' Association will take care of medical expenses of six patients who need long-term treatment and rehabilitation.\"Four of the six injured have been admitted to Shah Accident Hospital on Airport road. Their condition is stable. Two have been admitted to Jeevanjyot Hospital on Ahmednagar Road. They are part of the Yerawada Hospitals' Association that will extend free treatment to them till they are rehabilitated. All the patients need long-term treatment,\" physician Siddharth Dhende, who is also corporator of Nagpur Chawl ward, said.Among the four patients admitted to Shah Accident Hospital are nine-year-old Akash Maske who sustained contusion and bruises, 12-year-old Ganesh Maske who suffered knee joint injury, one-year-old Chhakuli Manjare who sustained head injury and an 18-year-old Rupesh Gaikwad who sustained abrasions.\"We will evaluate their injuries and decide treatment,\" Hitesh Solanki, medical administrator of Shah Accident Hospital, said.The two at Jeevanjyot Hospital are Shital Mane (30) who suffered spine fracture with a right elbow injury and two-year-old Ayush Mane who fractured his right arm. \"We will assess their injuries and decide whether they require any surgical intervention,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Ravindra Kapale, owner of Jeevanjyot Hospital.Three injured who are being treated at Ruby Hall Clinic are Sandhya Haribhakt (31), Janabai Manjare (50) and Umaravati Mane (35). \"All of them have sustained multiple injuries. Haribhakt is being treated at the intensive care unit (ICU) of the hospital,\" said a doctor from Ruby Hall Clinic.Another injured Shahshikala Devram Pathare (50) is being treated at state-run Sassoon Hospital for head injury and arm injury.Yerawada Hospitals' Association comprised doctors Hitesh Solanki, medical administrator of Shah Accident Hospital, orthopaedic surgeon Ravindra Kapale of Jeevjyot Hospital, gynaecologist Milind Walunjkar and physician Siddharth Dhende have decided to look after the medical needs of the six patients and extend free treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13651341", "title": "HSIIDC short of Rs 1,000 crore for big-ticket projects", "text": "GURGAON: Hard up for funds in a time of lingering economic uncertainty, Haryana's industrial development corporation, HSIIDC, has set its eyes on government bonds to sustain its many big-ticket projects. The corporation, which until now was relying on short-term loans issued by the NCR Planning Board and other financial institutions, is projecting to 'bridge a gap of Rs 1,000 crore' this financial year with the aid of long-term bank loans and state government bonds.\"During the last few years, state budgetary allocation towards equity of the HSIIDC has been very low,\" said an HSIIDC official. In the recent months, the corporation has inaugurated a new industrial township in Rohtak, has been involved in the Kundli-Manesar-Palwal expressway, and lined up a number of initiatives under the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC). \"The corporation has a number of projects to implement, against which we have envisaged a gap of up to Rs 1,000 crore to be bridged during the financial year 2012-13,\" the official said.Among other development projects are the construction of industrial labour housing and factories in areas near Gurgaon and Manesar. \"There would be a huge requirement of long-term funds and it would be difficult to meet through the traditional route,\" the official added. HSIIDC is also hiring an authorized credit agency in order to acquire a credit rating needed to enter the bond market. \"The credit agency will be assigning a credit rating to the HSIIDC for the proposed bond issue as well as other bank borrowings,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650128", "title": "Dress code: College students scoff at proposal", "text": "INDORE: The high hopes of freedom about choice of attire in campus for students moving out of the schools have been dashed by the university and college administrations that are mulling dress code for students from the new academic session. For students used to wearing school uniforms round the year, shunning the uniform has been the first sign of freedomThis year, the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) and the college managements are considering introducing a dress code for college-goers. In fact, varsity is waiting for the appointment of a new vice-chancellor to take charge and implement the dress code suggested by the higher education minister four months back.Officiating vice chancellor of DAVV, Dr Rajkamal said, \"It is up to the new vice chancellor to take a call on the issue of dress code. The minister had suggested a dress code but the university needs to take views of the head of departments, student union wing and the students on the issue.\" The higher education minister Laxmikant Sharma during review of the activities at DAVV, earlier this year, had suggested implementing a dress code for the students as well as employees of the varsity. The minister mooted the idea to maintain discipline, checking nuisance on the varsity campus and develop better working environment. The minister announced the dress code after complaints about outsiders frequenting the varsity campus was made.'Discipline' is the rationale forwarded by most colleges for dress code. Dr Yogeshwari Phatak, director, Prestige Institute said after getting feedback from the students we are introducing dress code for the post graduate (PG) students. \"Students have given feedbacks that they feel uncomfortable visiting industry and corporate in formals as they wear casuals most of the times. So, we are introducing dress code for the PG students.\" , she added.There are several colleges such as Acropolis Institute, Indore Institute of Science and Technology (IIST), Lakshmi Narain College of Technology (LNCT) and Oriental University that have already introduced a dress code. Reasons are several. Some believe that influence of cinema and other media is so pervasive that at times student is so casually dressed you cannot make out whether he is in the campus or a mall while some did it for students to behave and be disciplined.However, students are already scoffing at the idea of colleges having dress codes. Rashmi Singh, a university student said, \"It is a big no-no for varsity students as it looks awkward. After all, after 12 years in school we look forward to wearing clothes of our choice.\" Another student Gautam Sethi said, \"If there are uniforms, we cannot look stylish. We don't want to attend college in uniforms. Wfhen professional life will start we have to have wear formals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653633", "title": "AIADMK protests petrol price hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Members of the ruling AIADMK staged protest demonstrations across the state against the recent petrol price hike and demanded that the Centre immediately announce a rollback.When contacted about the protests, officials refused to comment on the possibility of the Tamil Nadu government reducing VAT on petrol like some other states after the hike. Tamil Nadu levies among the highest rates of VAT on petrol among the 10 states in the country with the most tax on fuel, ranging between 25% and 33%.Former chief minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi , who cut the tax on petrol from 30% to 27% when the petrol price was increased by the Centre during his regime, recently said the state government should reduce its tax on the petrol.On Tuesday, senior AIADMK leaders, MPs and MLAs joined hundreds of party workers to raise slogans in front of Central government offices against the petrol price hike of over Rs 7.50 per litre. The hike has been strongly criticised by several political parties including UPA allies.AIADMK workers staged demonstrations in four places in Chennai, and took out protest marches in several cities in the state as well as in Puducherry, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Party workers also staged demonstrations at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.Jayalalithaa criticised the hike as a \"gift\" to the people by the Congress-led UPA government on completion of three years of its second term in office and said the Centre appeared to be ignoring the interests of the people and public sentiment.The AIADMK's protest came a day ahead of an agitation called by DMK, a key UPA constituent, which will be led by party patriarch M Karunanidhi.Jayalalithaa had said earlier that \"wrong\" economic policy of the UPA government was responsible for the price rise, steep depreciation of the rupee and the economic slowdown. \"The latest petrol price hike had only added fuel to the fire,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665689", "title": "Kishori Sahane to enter 'Yahan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli'", "text": "After the shocking deaths of the men of Sharma family and Abha's (Suhasi Dhami) re-marriage to Viren (Iqbal Khan), Zee's TV's \"Yahan Main Ghar Ghar' Kheli will very soon see a entry of new character which will be played by Kishori Sahane.Talented and beautiful actress Kishori will play the role of Shaili's (Karuna Pandey) mother Karuna. She will have a mysterious side to her character as she will come across as both negative and positive person.Viewers will see some high voltage drama in the upcoming episodes when Karan will be attacked by some unknown people and Karan's family will suspect behind the attack. Kishori has begun shooting for the show and her entry is expected in tomorrow.When contacted, Kishori confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, I am doing the show. The shooting experience has been extremely good and I am looking forward to the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653129", "title": "Floating population, slums disturb demand-supply ratio", "text": "LUCKNOW: Guess what could be the gap between demand and supply of drinking water in the state capital. Official records show that the amount of water supplied to the people of Lucknow almost matches the demand, which is 470 million litres a day. But, now it is estimated that the actual demand may be almost double of what is actually supplied. In a way, an average Lucknowite gets half of what he/she actually needs.According to Lucknow Jal Sansthan, the average per capita requirement of water is 135 litres per day. However, this is considered with reference to the existing official Census data, which does not take into account the floating population (people visiting Lucknow during peak hours of the day). This population is estimated to be around 10% to 12% of the total population. Adding to this, there are over 500 slums where unauthorised connection of water pipelines is brazen, even though in some of the slums agencies like state urban development agency (SUDA) and district urban development agency (DUDA) run schemes to install hand pumps.Given this, the actual requirement may well be over 1000 mld, even though the existing availability is limited to 470 mld, which is technically called the rated water supply. This way, the per capita consumption goes upto 235 litres per day.\"This population raises the demand for water alarmingly during summers,\" said general manager, Lucknow Jal Sansthan (LJS), Rajiv Bajpai. He said that the demand for water actually goes up by two to three times in peak summers. And it is not restricted to just drinking water. The consumption levels for other domestic chores also increases manifold. The water crisis is further aggravated by the poor water supply infrastructure and operational snags arising out of road digging and repeated power outages. \"In fact, none of the existing water works in the state capital have an alternate feeder supply,\" LJS sources said. IN other words it means that in case power supply gets tripped, there is no alternate source of power to run the heavy machines that pump water into the drinking water pipelines.LJS officials claim that they have been dashing off repeated reminders to the power authorities to make arrangements of an alternate feeder to ensure that water supply is not affected. This is not to speak of the disruptions in water supply caused by the local faults that occur in feeders providing power to the tube wells in other areas of the state capital.The shortage of water creates vacuum in the existing pipelines, which eventually results in the supply getting polluted and it in turn causes spread of water-borne disease.\"Ironically all major steps to tackle the water crisis have gone in vain,\" said a senior LJS official. The official pointed out that even the proposed move to install meters in localities is gathering dust. \"It is like a vicious circle,\" the official said. Installation of water meters was proposed in the Mayawati government only to be dumped after the state government found absence of adequate water supply for a smooth functioning of these meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653833", "title": "Minor kidnapped, raped in Bibvewadi", "text": "PUNE: A nine-year-old girl was allegedly abducted and raped by an unidentified man at knifepoint on Monday night in Bibvewadi.The victim's father has lodged a complaint with the Sahakarnagar police station and the police have booked an unidentified person under section 376 (rape) and 363 (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector Kamalakar Takawale, of the Sahakarnagar police station, said that the incident took place around 8 pm.\"The girl had gone to a grocery shop and on her way home a man on a motorcycle told her that he had recently shifted to the Bibvewadi area. He told her that his sister and daughter were waiting near a sweetmart and asked her to go with him,\" Takawale said.After riding the motorcycle for about half an hour, the suspect took the victim to a commercial complex in Bibvewadi. \"He forced her to go with him to the second floor, threatened her with a knife and allegedly raped her in an open space near the fire fighting system,\" he said.Takawale said that the suspect then dropped the girl near her house. After reaching home, the girl told her parents about the incident. \"Her father rushed to the police station and lodged the complaint,\" Takawale said.Takawale said the girl had given the police a detailed description of the suspect. \"He was wearing a white shirt and black trousers and spoke in Marathi,\" Takawale said. \"We have launched a search operation to track him down,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652716", "title": "Chowgule gets 48 hours to decide on HSS closure", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai and a group of concerned parents and members of civic society have given the government an ultimatum of 48 hours to resolve the matter regarding Chowgule College desiring to shut down its higher secondary school section (HSS).While addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Sardesai along with former member of the law commission advocate Cleofato Coutinho among other like-minded citizens, criticized the management of Chowgule College for defying the order of the directorate of education (DoE). They were reacting to the statements made by the management, who stated that they were firm in their decision of shutting down the HSS despite the DoE rejecting their application for closure for the second time. They further pointed out that as per the court order, the previous decision by the DoE-to reject the closure was set aside and the government was given four weeks to take a decision and it had done so.\"We have given the government an ultimatum of 48 hours to resolve the matter,\" said Sardesai, adding that if the matter was not resolved there would be consequences.Sardesai and the others argued that if the college was to shut down its HSS, the future of 300 students would stand to be jeopardized and that no education institute nearby could absorb and accommodate all of these 300 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651833", "title": "Bangalore could get suburban rail too", "text": "BANGALORE: The city could well be going the Mumbai way. In a first step to revive suburban trains for better connectivity into the city, Rail Indian Technical and Economic Services (RITES) will ready the feasibility study by June first week. The Suburban Commuter Rail System will connect nearby high-density locations like Ramanagaram, Mandya, Chikkaballapur and Hosur to the cityRITES is ready to hand over the feasibility study to the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT). \"Its feasibility study will be completed by May-end and submitted anytime now. Once this is read and understood, stakeholders can meet to take the project forward,\" V Manjula, commissioner, DULT told TOI.Sources in the urban land transport department told TOI the study will look into the infrastructure available with the railways, what more needs to be created for commuter routes and cost.The project is envisioned for 2027 and ground surveys and studies whether Karnataka needs such a system to connect to its capital city were done by 2006-07. But South Western Railway demanded a second study on proposed routes to understand the need of commuters, based on which a detailed project report could be worked upon.Manjula said in the present system, only a skeletal service is operating and to enhance better commuter rail services, the number of services has to be improved. She also said the Suburban Commuter Rail System will look into these aspects. Sources also said RITES is looking at four major routes which will not clash with the Metro rail but provide connectivity to Metro stations.For example, if a person is travelling from Ramanagaram to Kengeri, he should be able to travel within the city by accessing the Kengeri Metro station, planned in Phase 2 or even access the Mysore Road terminal of Phase 1 which will be ready by mid-2014.The ProjectThe system is to provide railway connectivity from suburban areas to urban locations, like the ones operating in Mumbai, Kolkata and Hyderabad. The travel time of one hour by rail, which is generally a distance of 40-60 km radial from the city, is looked for developing such a system. All these trains moving in these routes will also come towards Bangalore City railway station but not halt here. Sources in DULT told TOI the trains could be moving in directions along inter-changeable routes like a train from Ramanagaram to Kengeri can also head up to Yeswanthpur and travel towards the Yelahanka-Doddaballapur line too.Proposed route -- Distance (km)Ramanagaram to Kengeri - 32Baiyyapanhalli to Hosur - 41Tumkur to Yeswanthpur - 64Yelahanka to Doddaballapur - 24", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651873", "title": "Technology to prevent bike thefts through SMSs", "text": "BANGALORE: This new technology promises to prevent bike thefts through SMSs.Called Tcop-bike security or anti-theft bike immobilizer on the mobile, there are four versions of the product. The most advanced one has the ability to send SMS alert when ignition is on and locate the bike if lost.How it worksIn case the ignition is turned on, as SMS alert will be sent to the owner's mobile phone. When the owner realizes that it is not him who has started the bike, he can send an SMS back to the equipment attached to the bike seat and the ignition will be disabled. Not just this, one can also identify the bike location.According to national crime records bureau, there have been more than 10,000 cases of vehicle thefts in Karnataka.Times ViewFor commuters desperate for any transport solution which makes life a little easier, the suburban rail system is welcome. Many experts have been pushing for better use of the old rail network which has fallen into disuse. This is an opportunity for the railways to ferry the increasing number of people from outlying areas to the city centre and cash in the sheer scale of the operation. It also taps the advantage of interlinking suburbs by bypassing central hubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651194", "title": "Recruitment fair helps 340 land jobs", "text": "NASHIK: Around 340 unemployed persons on Tuesday were selected by five private sector companies in a job fair, organised by the Nashik District Employment and Self-Employment Guidance Centre (NDESEGC) of the state government.The job fair was held on Tuesday by NDESEGC at ITI Satpur in the city.Five private companies including Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;), Lear Automotive India Pvt Ltd, Mylan Laboratories Ltd, Unideritend Ltd and EPC Industries Ltd conducted interviews with a total of 1,487 candidates, including ITI holders, and high school graduates.Of the total candidate turnout, around 340 candidates were selected primarily by these five companies.Speaking to TOI, Shashikant Mate, joint director, NDESEGC, said, \"We had invited around 1,487 candidates for interviews, conducted by five private companies from Nashik on Tuesday, of which around 340 candidates, including ITI certificate holders, and candidates who had cleared SSC and HSC, were selected by them. Of 340 candidates, 100 candidates were selected by Mahindr &amp; Mahindra, 70 candidates by EPC Industries Ltd, 44 candidates by Lear Automotive India Pvt Ltd, 96 by candidates by Mylan Laboratories Ltd and 30 candidates were primarily selected by Unideritend Ltd.\"We have been organizing such job fairs for the past few years with an aim to provide employment opportunities to unemployed candidates, and bring together employers and unemployed candidates on the same platform. Around six job fairs are organized every financial year by the NDESEGC.Nashik District Employment and Self-employment Guidance Centre.Last year too (FY2011-12), we had conducted six job fairs and around 1,511 candidates got employments under Employee Promotion Programme.\"Our office is totally computerized and all employment and self-employment- related information is updated on our website- http://ese.mah.nic.in. The candidates are also enrolled online and they need not come to the office for registration. Registered candidates are time to timeinformed about related vacancies periodically not only in Nashik district, but also across all districts in Maharashtra. A total of 1.22 lakh candidates have been registered with the NDESEGC, so far,\" Mate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652117", "title": "Three labourers killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: Three labourers were killed when the sand-loaded tractor-trolley they were travelling in rolled into a roadside ditch near Nagardhan village in Ramtek on early Tuesday morning.Ramtek police suspect that the tractor driver Sonu Thakur might have dozed off at the wheel and lost balance over his vehicle. Around 4.30am, Thaokar was heading towards Nagardhan village when he suddenly lost balance and immediately applied brakes to avoid collision with a tree. However, the vehicle rolled into the ditch.The labourers, Arvind Gautam (25), Hanslal Uikey (24), both residents of Indora in Nagpur and Pramod Thaokar, a resident of Mouda village, were asleep on the heaps of loaded sand in the trolley.As the tractor tumbled, Gautam, Uikey and Thaokar were buried under the trolley and died on the spot. The driver fled the spot but was arrested later.Villagers passing alerted Ramtek police about the mishap and a case was registered against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655808", "title": "Water tankers go dry, neighbourhoods parched", "text": "CHENNAI: Pumps have gone dry, so have the sumps in the city. Water supply to hospitals, universities, shops and residences have been cut off as almost 70% of the private and Metrowater tankers have been off-roaded because of the fuel crunch.Most private agencies said they had trimmed the supply of water.On Monday, most of the residents in Anna Nagar, Ashok Nagar, Adyar, Porur and Guindy could be put into two groups - optimists and pessimists - depending on whether they viewed the water level in their tanks as half-full or half-empty . But by Tuesday morning all of them were realists, frantically ringing up local Metrowater offices after private suppliers bowed out.Staff at Thangam Agencies, a leading water tanker service in the city, said only three of the 10 tankers were running. Tanker-lorries , each with a capacity of 12,000 litres, are the lifeline of many hospitals , universities and restaurants. Private suppliers tap farm wells and lakes in Kovilambakkam , Nanmangalam, Sittalapakkam , Perumbakkam and Kundrathur among others to cater drinking water to their clients in the city.The fuel crunch has also punctured the movement of vehicles transporting bubble top water cans, lakhs of which are sold across the city every day. Residents of many apartment complexes and houses along the coastal stretch from Tiruvanmiyur to Sholinganallur , where more than 500 private tankers ply daily, also felt the heat. Most of the water tanks on the stretch remained empty till late in the evening.Santhana Kumar, a resident of an apartment complex near Ashok Nagar, said neither their usual private suppliers nor Metrowater officials responded to their calls till afternoon. Three tanks in his building that houses eight families ran out of water on Monday night, he said. \"I knew the situation was bad but never expected anything like this,\" he said.A few Metrowater tankers were seen stranded on the road at Velachery and Tiruvanmiyur after running out of fuel midway (see pic), a Metrowater official said that none of their tankers was affected. \"We maintained all our services,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653908", "title": "Port expressway may be delayed by a year", "text": "CHENNAI: The uncertainty over the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated high road project is not likely to end anytime soon. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI)'s technical justification note is reportedly countering the state government's arguments on the alleged deviations in the project's alignment. The developments after two months of stoppage point to a further delay and if the bottlenecks are not cleared before the monsoon, the project could be delayed by another year.On March 29, the state government's Water Resources Department (WRD) asked the NHAI to stop work on the Rs.1,815-crore project, after it reportedly found that the project had obstructed the free flow of water in the Cooum.Work on the 18.3-km expressway, envisaged to become the lifeline of the Chennai port, was designed to connect the port and Maduravoyal, which provides a link to the industrial corridor. Almost 30% of the project had been completed and Rs 500 crore spent when the state government stepped in and stopped the project.The letter from the WRD to the NHAI in March said there were major deviations in the alignment of the project at Spur Tank Road and downstream of the Choolaimedu bridge. But sources in the NHAI clarified that their latest surveys were not in agreement with any of the WRD's allegations. \"Our survey found no such deviations. Allegations that the elevated road is being built on the waterway are also wrong,\" the sources said.According to NHAI, the project was stopped during the best season for construction. \"A single day's delay costs several lakhs of rupees. Completion of the project can be delayed by an year if we can't sort out the issues before the monsoon,\" said the official, adding that work out along the Cooum banks was not possible during the rains.NHAI chief general manager I G Reddy said, \"We will answer all the WRD's queries in a few days. No deviations in the alignment have been found.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652065", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority to furnish papers on Koramangala corridor, trees", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday asked the BDA to submit within 24 hours, the Detailed Project Report (DPR) with regard to the Sirsi Circle-Agara signal-free corridor.A division bench headed by the Chief Justice also directed the placing of all documents connected with the grant of permission for felling trees to carry out construction of underpasses and flyovers through the Koramangala corridor, before adjourning the hearing of the PIL filed by the Citizens' Action Forum (CAF) and others.The bench also observed that planting 10 saplings to compensate for each tree wouldn't serve any purpose, and blamed \"non-thinking\" government officials for degradation of the environment. During the hearing, the court was informed that in all, 188 trees are required to be cut along the Koramangala corridor and so far, permission had been granted for cutting 88 trees.The counsel for the petitioners informed the court that 46 trees were cut on Friday evening and reiterated that the project was undertaken at the behest of some interested contractors.The high court, which had stayed work on February 27, had vacated the stay on March 28 after it was mentioned that the contract for the project was awarded to NCC Limited on June 27, 2011 itself. The BDA contends that the 16-km project was approved by an expert committee and a DPR was also prepared. On the other hand, the petitioners claim the proposal to build three underpasses would further narrow the roads. They say the project is solely being undertaken to benefit certain builders and contractors, and for which Rs 119cr public money is being misused.The petitioners have sought a detailed study and comprehensive report on the future prospects of traffic before undertaking this project. They assert that the three-year period required for the project would ultimately defeat its purpose because of the growth in traffic.Residents' objectionsAccording to the residents, the project will not address the traffic problems along Hosur Road and the 100-ft Intermediate Ring Road, but focuses on Sarjapur Road, which is only a secondary road in the area. Even at junctions along Sarjapur Road, creating underpasses in one direction results in a pileup of traffic wanting to turn either left or right.What shocked the residents was the BDA's move on the night of May 25, when it axed 46 trees without consulting the citizens. The BDA claimed it had the BBMP's permission to fell the trees.The Koramangala residents have been fighting at various fora to make their objections to the project heard. In December 2011, they got the chief minister to direct the BDA to consult them and only then start work.But when the BDA went ahead and started work, they moved the high court with a PIL and obtained a conditional stay order.The projectThe Sirsi-Agara signal-free corridor project is proposed along the Sarjapur Road stretch between Madiwala and Agara. The Rs 125-crore project proposes to build four underpasses on the 4-km stretch.What court saidThe bench observed that planting 10 saplings to compensate for each tree wouldn't serve any purpose, and blamed \"non-thinking\" government officials for degradation of the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13660611", "title": "Seven CRPF personnel injured in militant attack in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Seven CRPF personnel were injured in an early morning terror strike at Rainawari in the heart of old Srinagar on Wednesday.Three militants brandishing AK-47 rifles came on a bike and fired indiscriminately at CRPF jawans near Shiraz cinema, which houses the 82 battalion. No civilian was hurt in retaliatory fire.This is the second attack in Srinagar in a month by a little-known militant outfit - Islamic Front. Earlier, a sub-inspector, Sukhpal Singh, was shot at Darish Kadal area of the old city.Speaking to TOI, CRPF spokesman Sudhir Kumar said the patrol party was attacked by militants on a bike when they were settling down for morning duty. They had come from Central Jail Camp for deployment. The seven injured jawans have been rushed to hospital, where the condition of one of them is critical. He suffered bullet injuries in the chest. For the second time, the Islamic Front has claimed responsibility for the attack.The daring strikes have come at a time when the valley is witnessing a surge in tourism. Militants wielding AK-47 rifles had carried out a similar attack in Lal Chowk in January 2010, killing a policeman.The attacks may cause a setback to chief minister Omar Abdullah's efforts to remove security bunkers and thin out presence of security personnel in the valley. Over 43 pickets have been removed from Srinagar and other parts of Kashmir since last year.Chief minister Omar Abdullah is currently holding a cabinet meeting at Tangdhar in north Kashmir. This is the first time a CM has shifted his cabinet near line of control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13649242", "title": "Pop a pill, say bye to compulsive buying", "text": "LONDON: Are you a shopaholic? Don't worry, a pill designed to treat Alzheimer's can now help you get rid of your compulsive buying habit, scientists say.Researchers at University of Minnesota in the US found that shopaholics given the medication spent less time shopping and cut the cash they squandered on impulse buys.Psychiatrists have struggled to come up with effective treatments for compulsive shoppers who just can't resist their urge to buy and often end up in buying things they don't need and can't afford. Over four out of five sufferers are women.In the new trials, the researchers tested a medication called memantine, normally prescribed to prevent deterioration in patients with moderate to severe Alzheimer's. Results showed that after eight weeks, men and women taking the pill reduced the amount of time shopping and the amount of money spent. Overall, the researchers said, symptoms were halved, with less impulsive buying and improvements in brain function linked to impulsive urges, thoughts and behaviour, the Daily Mail reported.\"Hours spent shopping per week and money spent shopping both decreased significantly, with no side effects,\" the team explained. Those taking part in the study were diagnosed with compulsive buying disorder, based on \"senseless preoccupation\" with shopping and spending. This led to distress, an inability to function at work or socially and financial problems.People in the trial earned almost 40,000 a year on average, but were spending 61% of their income on impulsive purchases, mostly clothes.During the two-month trial, the researchers scored the participants on a range of tests, measuring symptoms such as buying urges, anxiety, depression , %stress and disability caused by the problem.According to the team, memantine, which was given to the participants memantine, acts on the brain chemical glutamate that is thought to be involved in the development of dementia, but it is also believed to be involved in obsessiveness and may play some role in OCD (obsessive compulsive disorders).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13654005", "title": "Woman boxer threatens to retire if not made DSP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Indian pugilist Kavita Chahal, who is from Bhiwani in Haryana, has threatened to take an early retirement from boxing if not promoted to the post of deputy superintendent of police (DSP).Kavita, who recently made it to the semi-finals of the world boxing championships in China in the 81+ weight category and won a bronze medal this month, is a constable with the Haryana police.Kavita along with her husband and parents also met Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday and demanded the promotion besides the monetary benefits she was promised by the government. \"I am left with no option other than to retire so that I could concentrate on my family life. We have met sports minister Sukhbir Kataria and also the chief minister. Though, the chief minister assured to get my case examined, but there was not much of a positive response to my demands,\" Kavita told TOI.There are players who are not even eligible but still have been given the jobs in the Haryana police, she added.Hardeep Kumar, principal secretary, sports department, expressed ignorance about Kavita's case. \"We have a detailed sports policy and provisions for sportspersons to be recruited. Let them apply through proper channel, so that we could examine her case,\" said Hardeep Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13653924", "title": "Brand, baaja, baaraat: IPL-V is a superhit", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Premier League is now five years old and is already among India's top brands in the world. It is something overseas professionals want to be part of, one that is being evaluated in excess of $2 billion and is witnessing a fascinating citybased rivalry growing among participating franchises.From franchise owners to media buyers, brand wizards to analysts, experts from various walks are unanimous in their view that IPL's fifth edition, which ended with a breath-taking chase on Sunday , was a grand success. And it was not only about entertainment . The complete package is always welcome but the cricket was the real thing, the crowd-puller.The country's biggest movie star, whose franchise had taken a severe beating in the first three years of the tournament and suffered losses to the tune of Rs 35 crore, is smiling on top of the ladder. The Kolkata Knight Riders can not only boast of the title now but their CEO Venky Mysore says the franchise has also broken even and made good money this season.Mysore is bullish on his franchise's way forward from here. \"It has caught public interest. As I speak, our following on Facebook has touched the one million mark. The victory celebrations in Kolkata on Tuesday are an indication of how it has all led to a huge emotional connect with the city,\" he says.Rakesh Singh , the marketing director of Chennai Super Kings , says: \"In terms of brand finance, which Indian brand valuation is worth talking about on the big stage? IPL, which is an out and out India product, is getting there. The recent criticism has only made it stronger and bigger.\"Singh further talks about the expanding brand loyalty as the biggest factor in IPL's success. \"People talk about falling TRPs. I look at it this way: fans are now choosing what they want to watch. Sitting here in Chennai I may not be bothered about the Delhi vs Punjab match, but when Chennai is playing, I'll leave everything to watch them. It's the same in other cities. That is why you saw full stadiums this year,\" he says.KKR team owner Shah Rukh Khan says: \"TRPs don't fall as much as they eventually settle down.If KBC's rating was five in the first year, it didn't continue being five for the next five years.\"Sam Balsara of media-buying group Madison reckons IPL to be a global phenomenon. \"It is one of the biggest brands despite the controversies that put it on the front page of newspapers. In fact, it has only gained from that coverage.\"Mysore says the digital marketing initiatives have worked wonders. \"Our focus since last year was to shift from Brand Shahrukh to Brand Kolkata. Shahrukh is a team owner, but the team belongs to Kolkata.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13663161", "title": "Petrol price hike: DMK threatens to pull out of UPA govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Ruling UPA's key ally DMK on Wednesday issued a veiled threat of pulling out of the alliance on the issue of the \"atrocious\" petrol price hike, saying the party had never hesitated to do so earlier respecting people's sentiments.\"The DMK is in the coalition. But (being in) alliance is different but it is our duty to voice concern against policies that will affect the people,\" DMK chief M Karunanidhi told a large gathering of party supporters to protest against the Central government for hiking petrol prices and the state government for increasing bus fares and milk prices.The 88-year-old DMK patriarch said his party had walked out of alliances, \"whether it be the BJP (led NDA) or while being in the VP Singh cabinet.\"\"We have never hesitated to raise voice of opposition whenever the basic principles were hurt and if we cannot solve it by being an ally, we have not hesitated to come out and uphold those principles,\" he said even as his remarks were loudly cheered by partymen.Describing the hike as \"atrocious\", Karunanidhi said not just opposition parties or UPA constituents but even Congress leader and Defence Minister A K Antony had expressed dissent over the petrol price hike, saying it was unacceptable.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should take cognisance of this and offer relief to the common man,\" he said.AIADMK stages protestMembers of the ruling AIADMK staged protest demonstrations across the state on Tuesday against the recent petrol price hike and demanded that the Centre immediately announce a rollback.When contacted about the protests, officials refused to comment on the possibility of the Tamil Nadu government reducing VAT on petrol like some other states after the hike. Tamil Nadu levies among the highest rates of VAT on petrol among the 10 states in the country with the most tax on fuel, ranging between 25% and 33%.Former chief minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi had cut the tax on petrol from 30% to 27% when the petrol price was increased by the Centre during his regime.On Tuesday, senior AIADMK leaders, MPs and MLAs joined hundreds of party workers to raise slogans in front of Central government offices against the petrol price hike of over Rs 7.50 per litre. The hike has been strongly criticised by several political parties including UPA allies.AIADMK workers staged demonstrations in four places in Chennai, and took out protest marches in several cities in the state as well as in Puducherry, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Party workers also staged demonstrations at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.Jayalalithaa criticised the hike as a \"gift\" to the people by the Congress-led UPA government on completion of three years of its second term in office and said the Centre appeared to be ignoring the interests of the people and public sentiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13652004", "title": "Decks cleared for Khoda to be 1st J&K; CVC", "text": "SRINAGAR: A day after PDP president Mehbooba Mufti objected to the appointment of incumbent DGP Kuldeep Khoda as chief vigilance commissioner, the J&K; high court on Tuesday dismissed a writ petition against Khoda for his alleged role in a fake encounter case in Bhaderwah in Doda, clearing the way for him to become the state's first CVC.The screening committee had recommended three names for the post of CVC including Khoda's to governor N N Vohra. The other two names are of ex-secretary, home, Samuel Verghese, and ex-DGP, CID, Ashok Bhan. Three out of four members of the screening committee for the selection of CVC and two vigilance commissioners on Monday had recommended Khoda's name for CVC.Announcing the order, Justice Virender Singh ordered the dismissal of the petition filed by two widows, Nazira Begum and Shaheena Begum, wives of victims Fazal Hussain Dar and Mohammad Hussain. According to the petition, four people, Fazal Hussain Dar, Mohammad Hussain, Fareed Ahmad and Talib Hussain, were allegedly picked up by men in a police vehicle on January 3, 1996, and later killed in a fake encounter near a stream in Doda. The petitioner, after a lapse of over 16 years, had filed a petition last year seeking registration of case against Khoda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ipoh", "code": "13649020", "title": "Shivendra doubtful for Argentina match", "text": "IPOH: Striker Shivendra Singh may miss Wednesday's game against Argentina with a hamstring niggle. The injury couldn't have come at a worse time as India can ill-afford any slip-up in their crucial match against the Pan American champions if they want to keep themselves in contention for a berth in the final of the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament at Ipoh.India carved out a 3-2 victory over hosts Malaysia on Monday to take their points tally to six from four matches, the same as that of Argentina, who will go into Wednesday's match with two impressive performances in the last outings, including a shock 3-2 win over favourites Great Britain . The wins have brought both the teams back in contention for a medal.A victory over Argentina and against Pakistan in the last league fixture on Thursday could take India to the final but it won't be an easy road ahead for Michael Nobbs' players. \"Shivendra has a minor hamstring injury and it may take a couple of days to fix. He may not play if it doesn't improve sufficiently. He will be subject to another fitness test tomorrow to see whether he is fit to play,\" Nobbs said. \"We played him against Malaysia until we had three goals up and then he was rested. He scored a goal yesterday and set up another so he is an important part of the forwardline.\"Nobbs said he had told his players that they were again in control of their destiny and must make the best out of the two remaining league outings. \"The tournament is wide open. Big victories in our two remaining games could even get us a place in the final,\" said Nobbs.But that is easier said than done. \"With Shivendra doubtful and without Gurvinder Chandi, it limits our potency in front of goals. The game will be tough as Argentina have been getting better each game and like us it seems match practice at this level is crucial to their Olympic preparations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13652150", "title": "Thackeray's Tadoba visit will give political fillip to tiger issue", "text": "Chandrapur: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray would be on a three-day tour of Chandrapur from Wednesday. His tour is focused on tiger deaths, forest fires and rehabilitation of villages out of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). He will visit tiger poaching sites in Gondmohadi and Borda jungle, inspect the jungle burned in fire and meet the villagers rehabilitated out of tiger reserve.MNS district chief Dilip Ramedwar informed that Thakre will arrive in Nagpur by train on Wednesday morning and reach Gondmohadi in Palasgaon range via Chimur by noon. He will visit the spot in the jungle were two tigers were poached near waterhole last month. Later in the afternoon he would visit TATR and inspect the forest burned in fire in Kolsa range. \"He would enter from Kolara gate of tiger reserve after taking lunch. He will go to Kolsa range where massive fire had burned hundreds of hectare of jungle. Later he would exit the tiger reserve from Jhari gate to visit the spot in Borda jungle where chopped carcass of tiger was found a few days back,\" he said.Ramedwar further informed that Thackeray would halt in Chandrapur on Wednesday night. He would take up tour of jungles burned in buffer zone and other forest areas on Thursday and interact with forest officials over the problem. He would stay in Chandrapur on Thursday night. MNS chief would visit Bhagwanpur, the rehabilitation site of Tadoba villages, on Friday morning and interact with the villagers. He is also likely to visit rehabilitation site of TATR villages in Chimur tehsil, before leaving for Mumbai. DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar however held that he has not received any official intimation about Thackeray's visit to the areas under his jurisdiction.Wildlife activist have welcomed Thackeray's move to take up the issue of tiger poaching and forest fires on political platform. \"Tiger and jungle are national property. But, the politicians are rarely concerned over such issues. Raj Thackeray's initiative would definitely help in speeding-up the investigations in poaching and putting pressure on forest department to strengthen safety and conservation of tigers and forest,\" said president of Green Planet Society Suresh Chopne. He however held that Thackeray should keep politics out of these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13662802", "title": "Justin Bieber and I to get married some day: Bar Refaeli", "text": "Bar Refaeli has joked that she wants to wed Justin Bieber , and also admitted that she harbours a crush on Tom CruiseThe supermodel, who topped Maxim's Hot 100 list this year, got candid about her celebrity crushes.\"Justin Bieber and I are going to get married some day,\" Us magazine quoted her as saying.\"I also like Tom Cruise . He's very classy. I liked him in Jerry Maguire and in roles like that,\" she said.The Israeli stunner, who had dated Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio said that she also harbors a major girl crush on 'Hunger Games' star Jennifer Lawrence.\"She's what a woman should look like,\" she said.\"She's natural, she's down to earth. I think she's all that,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661806", "title": "No. 66 Madurai Bus", "text": "CreditsFilm: No 66 Madurai BusCast: Pasupathy, Makarand Deshpande, Padmapriya, Swetha Menon, Mallika, Thilakan, Jagatheesh, Anil MuraliDirection: M A NishadBanner: NFC EntertainmentsReleasing Date: 29 June, 2012Synopsis: The film narrates an eventful journey that alters the fate of a few.Pasupathy plays a forest guard, whose life takes some unexpected turns when his best friend turns out to be his greatest enemy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649597", "title": "Govt schools improve record percentage in MP board", "text": "BHOPAL: The Class XII students of government schools in the state have performed better with a pass percentage of 69.7 as compared to non-government schools with 68.69% this year in the examinations conducted by MP board of secondary education. Addressing media persons, chairman of the board M K Rai said, \"Smaller towns have again faired better because there are lesser distractions there. Also because bigger cities have others boards like CBSE.\" He added that a total of 1465 cheating cases have been registered during the evaluation process. Out of this, 465 have been cases of mass copying. Results of 623 students have been withheld.A total of 4,62,066 students' results were declared on Monday with 1,50,323 students securing the first division in the state. Supplementary exams would be held on July 9 for which forms would be submitted from June 6 to 20 through MP Online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650223", "title": "Insurance agent found dead", "text": "INDORE: In a gruesome incident, a 27-year-old insurance agent found to be shot near the Dussehra ground in Annapurna area here on Tuesday. The bullet hit on the left side of his head. Police are yet to ascertain if it was a suicide or somebody shot him. The deceased has been identified as Sumit Mundara, son of Jagdish Mundra. He was the resident of Samajwadi Nagar coming under Chhatripura police station. He was working as insurance agent, said police.Additional superintendent of police (ASP) Rakesh Singh said that the injury was fond on the left side of his head. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13652857", "title": "Punjab: Farmers may face paddy power pangs", "text": "PATIALA: Farmers across the state may face power pangs in the forthcoming paddy season as 135 power sub-stations are already overloaded. The paddy season will start from June 10.As per the officials of the Punjab state power corporation limited (PSPCL), in agriculture power (AP) category Sangrur district has maximum 25 overloaded stations, Barnala has 14 overloaded stations, Nawanshahr 7, Kapurthala 11, Bathinda 10, Faridkot 2, Mukatsar 6,Khanna 1, Ludhiana 2, while Taran Taran has total 7 overloaded substation.Since during paddy season, the power consumption will double due to start of paddy transplantation, things are bound to take worse turn and as power stations have already become overloaded even before the start of paddy season.\"Overloaded stations will create serious problems not only for the PSPCL, but for farmers too. The further overdrawing of power from already overloaded station may cause blasts and damage crores of power equipment installed in these sub-stations, if authorities fail to take corrective measures,\" said a senior officer of PSPCL, requesting anonymity.The details show that not only in agriculture, but 48 urban stations are also overloaded. Out of this, number 6 in Khanna district, 10 in Ludhiana, 3 in Jalandhar, 2 in Hoshiarpur, Nawanshahr 2,kapurthaala 1, Mohali 3, Ropar 2, Patiala 8,sangrur 3, Barnala 2 and Faridkot has 3 overloaded urban stations.The action taken reports of the PSPCL show that in majority of cases state residents will have to face serious power problems, as in many cases there is no fixed date to solve the problem. In 66 KV old Nabha station the authorities say problem will be solved after commissioning of Hiyana Kalan, but no date has been fixed.For many power stations the PSPCL has fixed deadlines after the start of paddy season like overloaded Ramuwala and 66 K Dalla stations will get some relief after the upgradation of Kot Karor station till July 31, 2012, which seems impossible as during the paddy season upgradation of AP station seems impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650664", "title": "Study to check groundwater salinity", "text": "MUMBAI: Waking up to the indiscriminate usage of groundwater, the BMC has appointed Pune-based organization Groundwater Survey and Development Authority (GSDA) to study the effects of the excessive extraction of groundwater. The proposal worth Rs 29 lakh was passed by the standing committee.However, experts, feel that such one-off studies are not going to benefit the city.For the next two years, GSDA will regularly test samples of groundwater from M-East ( Chembur) and P-South (Malad) wards. It will study the change in concentration of salt in the water and soil and suggest remedies, if any.Civic officials say that the idea behind sanctioning the proposal is to study the effect of the BMC policies, which made digging bore well for non-potable consumption mandatory. In 2002, the BMC had issued a circular suggesting that residential buildings should dig a bore well for non-potable consumption (gardening, washing clothes). The bore well would be delivering 45 litre water per person every day. The policy was once again reinforced in 2009, when the city was reeling under water scarcity after a poor monsoon. Due to this policy, 525 bore wells and 89 ring wells came up in the city in the last three years.Speaking to TOI, Rahul Shewale, chairman, standing committee, \"We have observed that there has been indiscriminate and unplanned extraction of groundwater in the last few years. We are worried that the salinity of the water will increase. Not just that, but at this rate, the surface temperature will also increase. GSDA has been asked to study and suggest remedies to be implemented by the civic body.\"Experts say that since the city is surrounded by the sea, salts are naturally present in both the soils and groundwater systems in the city.Interestingly, the civic body did not conduct a proper groundwater mapping before coming up with the policies of digging bore wells. \"Such one-off studies will not help. What is required is a sustained study that will help form a proper conclusion. The study should be done by the BMC's environmental laboratory on a long-term basis. They need to come up with a groundwater mapping, which would help in proper analysis. Rising salinity and corroding buildings cannot be co-related unless a sustained study is conducted by the civic body,\" said Rishi Aggarwal, an environmentalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651157", "title": "New IIT exam comes in for all round criticism, alumni may move court over joint eng test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The combined entrance test for admission to central engineering institutes including Indian Institutes for Technology (IITs) has come under fire from the institute's alumni and students, with the IIT Faculty Federation shooting off a letter to PM Manmohan Singh strongly opposing the move.IIT Delhi alumni president Somnath Bharti said they were considering legal recourse. \"We are looking at legal options,\" he said, adding that the new format would increase dependence on coaching institutes and would be subject to the varying standards of Class XII boards, bringing down the standard of the premier institute.Sources in IIT said several directors were unhappy with the decision to bring these changes but were left with little option but to comply.All India IIT Faculty Federation secretary A K Mittal said, \"We feel cheated. Despite promising us that no steps will be taken if there is any dissent, the HRD minister has gone ahead.\" Mittal said they had written to the PM highlighting the practical problems of introducing a new format in 2013.Five out of the seven IIT senates had opposed the move and are opposed to academic control being taken away from IIT.Author Chetan Bhagat, an ex-IITian, tweeted, \"It makes me extremely sad to see an institution that gave me so much being destroyed by politicians.\" Describing the decision to have a new exam as \"disastrous\", Bhagat said, \"The new IIT selection rules part of government's 'Can't make new A-grade institutions. Let's destroy what we have policy.\"In a sharp criticism about weightage being given to Class XII board exam, Bhagat said, \"In my Class XII practicals, people who knew the teacher got full marks. Now that will count in the IIT entrance .\"He was joined by Super 30's Anand Kumar who said the decision would tilt against rural students. \"Students who come from rural backgrounds manage to pass by studying on their own. They will not be able to compete with others,\" he said.\"If there can be one test for more competitive AIIMS examination, which has fewer seats and more candidates, and IIMs, why can't there be such a similar test for the IITs\", Kumar said, adding that the pressure of three tests, especially the JEE advanced that is expected to be tougher, will increase mental stress on children.Anand also opposed the move to introduce the new system by next year. His Super 30, set up a decade ago, has been lauded by Time magazine as the best in Asia . The institute provides free residential coaching to 30 meritorious students from the underprivileged sections of society and so far 263 students have made it to the IITs.Maintaining that there was uncertainty still about the mechanism of the proposed two-tier test, a worried parent Sanjiv Malhotra said if JEE-mains and JEE-advanced were held the same day, it would be psychologically draining for the students. \"If the student is not able to give the test on the assigned day, he stands to lose one precious year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13652759", "title": "Locals to take to streets if Ponda PDA merger not resolved", "text": "PONDA: Irked over a long, unwarranted wait to get construction licenses in Ponda, several people and builders seeking the licenses have threatened to agitate against the government's dilly-dallying over merging the Ponda Planning and Development Authority (PPDA) into the South Goa Planning and Development Authority (SGPDA).Speaking to mediapersons in Ponda on Tuesday, aggrieved citizens-Anthonio da Silva, Anay Sambhari and Dhananjay Naik-said that the movement of files has stopped for the last seven months. The citizens have now set a week's deadline to notify the merger and have threatened to take to the streets if the government failed to do so.\"We were informed that the PPDA would be merged into the SGPDA soon after the panchayat polls, however, despite making several visits to the SGPDA to check on the status of our files, we have had to return empty-handed as the government is yet to decide on the merger,\" da Silva said.Stating that he made inquiries with the town and country planning department and learnt that the notification is caught up between the town and country planning and the law departments, da Silva added, \"We also learnt that there were some errors in the notification and the law department has sent the file back.\"The state government declared the planning area, which largely comprises the jurisdiction of the Ponda Municipal Council, for the reconstituted PPDA on May 17. The detailed plan of the PPDA was notified in the official gazette and the proposal of including Curti-Khandepar village within its jurisdiction stands scrapped.The Ponda PDA had been reconstituted in November 2011, but after the villagers opposed the inclusion of their area, the MGP and BJP made it an election issue, assuring people that if voted to power, both parties would ensure the scrapping of the proposal.The villagers were not happy about the inclusion, stating that green areas may be lost for construction of multi-storeyed buildings and housing projects due to the possibility of increasing the floor area ratio.The matter was kept in abeyance and after the BJP-led government took over the reins of power, the inclusion of Curti-Khandepar was dropped from the agenda. However, the residents of Ponda suffered a setback as their development files were kept pending for the last seven months due to the indecision.Sambhari said that he took up the matter with local MLA Lavoo Mamledar and aggrieved people would soon submit a memorandum to him.The Ponda PDA mess should be solved within a week or the locals will take to the streets and hold a token daylong hunger strike on June 7, da Silva said.Meanwhile, the PPDA staff is yet to receive their salary for the month of April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651442", "title": "Tobacco tightening grip on youngsters: Expert", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What kills more than AIDS, alcohol, cocaine, accidents, murders and suicides? Use of tobacco! World Health Organization (WHO) figures say that tobacco use is the second biggest cause of death globally, after hypertension.Dr Bhavin Shah, oncologist from Vedant hospital, who addressed an open forum on Tuesday, two days ahead of World No-Tobacco Day, said, \"People who smoke harm others also as the smoke of the cigarette is equally poisonous, which in medical science is termed as second-hand smoke.\"WHO figures state that there are one billion people addicted to smoking and to add to the gloom, this deadly addiction is spreading its shadow on youngsters also. \"Most youngsters start with trying a cigarette or gutkha on a friend's insistence or to get rid of boredom and anxiety. It may give pleasure in the beginning but ultimately this pleasure and addiction proves deadly for life. Every day more than 1,200 people die all over the world because of tobacco addiction\", Dr Shah said.The deadly nicotine in tobacco increases the release of dopamine which works towards good mood and peace of mind. The heart, brain and the central nervous system become more active when secretion of dopamine increases.\"Withdrawal symptoms include headache, anger and restlessness. In later stages, a tobacco consumer can suffer from arthritis, asthma, heart attack, hypertension, stroke and mouth, throat and lung cancer\", said Dr Shah.According to data collected under Population Based Cancer Registry, the number of people who suffer from Throat Related Cancer (TCR) is 41.69 per cent. Increasing the price of cigarettes and gutkha is not the solution because people will opt for cheaper brands which are more harmful.\"The tobacco addict who uses substitutes like chewing gums which contain nicotine, to resist the urge of smoking will eventually have to stop as it is equally harmful,\" Dr Shah said and added that on an average, people who consume tobacco die 14 years earlier than those who do not consume tobacco so the first step to enjoy a healthy life is to quit tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650798", "title": "Special squad of 36 cops to crack South Bombay murders", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police have formed a special squad comprising nearly three dozen officers to solve cases of serial killings of children in south Mumbai. Sources said the officers were handpicked from various police stations of south Mumbai, particularly Cuffe Parade, Colaba and Marine Drive and have been exempted from all routine duties so that they concentrate only on the probe.The officers have been moving around in slum pockets and other places in south Mumbai, looking for suspects. They bring suspicious-looking candidates to the police station for questioning. \"If an officer feels the suspect is lying or trying to mislead, we send the suspect's samples to the forensic lab for DNA tests,'' said assistant commissioner of police (Colaba division) Iqbal Shaikh.The mystery behind the rape and murder of the three minor girls has only deepened with DNA tests confirming that two different persons are behind the three murders.A senior officer said the special squad, formed after April 19 when the third victim's body was found, has so far sent samples of around 961 suspects for DNA tests to the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL). Of the 961 samples, the lab has sent negative reports for only 225 in the last two months.The FSL has told the police that the remaining reports may be delayed as it is facing a shortage of DNA chemical as well manpower. The FSL has also hinted that the police, instead of waiting for the DNA reports of suspects, concentrate on other ways to crack the case.Ravindra Kantraole alias \"Beer Man\", arrested in 2008 for serial murders in south Mumbai but subsequently acquitted, was one of the suspects in the case. The police recently ruled out his involvement as his DNA did not match.The police are not happy with the FSL's slow progress. \"Many of these suspects in south Mumbai have temporary addresses. If one of them goes missing, it will be difficult for us to trace him. And then there's the chance that he may commit more crime,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649792", "title": "Madhya Pradesh struggling to match country's total fertility rate", "text": "BHOPAL: When states like Rajasthan, Kerala and Punjab succeeded in controlling the total fertility rate (TFR - the average number of children expected to be born per woman during her reproductive years), Madhya Pradesh continues its struggle to match the country's average TFR of 2.5.According to the latest sample registration system (SRS), the state has recorded an average TFR of 3.2. When the TFR in the villages of the state is 3.5, it is below the national average at 2.2 in urban areas. According to medical experts, the strong desire for a boy in the family was the prime reason that prevented the state in bringing down the TFR.The recently released data prepared by the Registrar General of India states that among the other states after Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh registered the highest TFR in the country.Desire for a male child is still prevalent among both urban and rural population in the state, said doctors, who said this is why the fertility rate remained intact.Dr Sumitra Yadav, a city-based senior gynecologist, said, \"The problem of TFR would not come down until the people stop their desire to have a male child leading to multiple pregnancies. The need of the hour is to spread awareness across the state to bring down the TFR.\"State health department targets to bring down the TFR to 2.1 by 2015, which is also its Millennium Development Goal. The department has to work more efficiently in the rural areas than in urban% areas.Rolly Shivhare, who runs an non-government organization -- Vikas Samvad -- for maternal health, said, \"Early marriage, high adolescent fertility rate and high infant mortality rate are some of the major challenges that hinder the achievement of the fertility level of 2.1.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651317", "title": "Bhujbal questions invalid votes", "text": "NASHIK: After a day of drama that ended with NCP candidate and sitting member of the legislative council Jayant Jadhav being declared elected by a draw of lots after a tie with Shiv Sena's Shivaji Sahane, Nashik guardian minister and senior NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday questioned the reason for some ballots being declared invalid by the returning officer.\"Of the 23 votes held invalid, a record in itself, we object to 11 votes which have been rejected only because they bear some dots or lines. Our electors have come from remote areas of the district and some of them are unable to write cleanly. Their ballots could have some dots and that doesn't mean they should be held invalid. NCP has lost seven votes. Otherwise, the Congress-NCP combine would have won the elections on our strength,\" Bhujbal told reporters.The NCP-Congress alliance has been badly hit by voters who have crossed the boundary lines and joined the opposite camp. \"We were expecting to get around 280-300 votes but since the tally stopped at 221, it clearly means our camp has lost at least 65 votes to the opponent. There is no specific way to identify and prove whether any particular person has failed to fall in line. Yet there are ways of identifying people and we will ensure that things are streamlined,\" Bhujbal said.When asked if the repeated elections have affected the relations between NCP and the Congress, the guardian minister said that not too much should be read into it. \"We have fought elections against each other at some places in the past, but when it came to power, we shared the fruits jointly,\" he said hoping that the relations in district would be as good as they were in the Centre and the state.With general elections scheduled in 2014, the MLC result was a cause of worry. The NCP-Congress combine would carry out introspection to set things right, Bhujbal said.The NCP-Congress combine has a number of leaders and elected representatives in the district, but during the MLC elections, the Shiv Sena-BJP combine supported by the Mahrashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) almost won the MLC poll, as Sahane and Jadhav both garnered equal number of votes.Bhujbal said that the combine was going to plug the loopholes in the district and efforts would be taken to settle things.Taking a dig at Raj Thackeray-led MNS, Bhujbal congratulated it for extending its support to Shiv Sena and BJP in the MLC elections and said that the party was setting a new precedent-during elections to the post of Nashik mayor, the NCP abstained from voting to allow MNS to elect its mayor but it failed to return the favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650201", "title": "Kejriwal case order on June 27", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court reserved June 27 for pronouncing its order on a plea seeking registration of FIR against key Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal for his alleged offensive remarks against Parliamentarians.Metropolitan magistrate Purshotam Pathak on Tuesday reserved his order after hearing brief submissions made by the counsel for complainant Vibhor Anand.Anand, a law student, had moved the court seeking directions to the Delhi Police to file an FIR against Kejriwal for making derogatory remarks against MPs in his speech in a campaign rally in Ghaziabad in February.Kejriwal had allegedly called MPs \"rapists, murderers and looters\" in his speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13651425", "title": "Funds crunch hits power supply", "text": "NOIDA: The power distribution companies in Gautam Budh Nagar have been constantly citing the rising gap between demand and supply for erratic supply in the district, however lack of adequate infrastructure at the disposal of the two discoms in Noida and Greater Noida is more to blame.While the 400KV substation in Pali remains the only source from which both power distribution utilities are drawing electricity at present, two other 400KV projects in the district remain in cold storage due to several reasons, including the land row and lack of funds. The power department fears that further load on the Pali substation - which is set to increase once ongoing residential projects start getting populated - might lead to breakdown and engulf the district in a blackout.Of the 945 MVA power available from the 400KV Pali substation, Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution utility of Greater Noida, draws around 150 MVA, while Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, draws around 800 MVA. \"This puts the substation at a point where there are chances of permanent breakdown and, hence, rostering is the only option available at present,\" said an official of UPPCL. \"However, rostering is not a permanent solution and transmission capacity needs to be increased,\" he added.To increase transmission capacity, two additional 400KV substations have been planned in Sectors 123 and 148 of Noida, while one 132KV substation has been planned in Sector 115. Work is already in progress on upgrading the RC Greens substation in Greater Noida to 220KV, but the progress has been slow.Land for the 400KV substation in Sector 148 has already been registered in the name of UP Power Transmission Corporation (UPPTC) by the Noida Authority and a loan of around Rs 210 crore was sanctioned for it in May 2012 by the Rural Electrification Corporation. Construction work, however, is yet to begin on this project due to delay in possession of land.\"The Authority cites the ongoing land row in the district as the reason for its inability to give us possession of the land. This has delayed construction work and distribution companies are forced to face transmission constraints,\" said an UPPTC official.On the other hand, while possession of land has already been taken over for the other 400KV substation in Sector 123 and also for the 132KV substation in Sector 115, these projects have been mired with paucity of funds. \"For the 132KV substation in Sector 115, the Noida Authority is yet to release around Rs 16 crore, while we are yet to get a loan for the 400KV substation in Sector 123,\" said the UPPTC official.The RC Greens substation, which is being upgraded from 132KV to 220KV by UPPTC, with a funding of over Rs 34 crore from the Greater Noida Authority has missed several deadlines. \"We are witnessing a supply shortfall of around 50 MW due to lack of adequate transmission capacity,\" said an NPCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13654427", "title": "Letter boxes in city difficult to identify", "text": "VARANASI: Are the letter boxes of India Post placed at several places in the city losing their identity? If the records of various post offices of the district are to be believed, a large number of the letter boxes have decayed and damaged to the extent that they could not even be identified by their respective post offices.When TOI tried to take stock of the unregistered mails which are mailed through letter boxes in rural and urban areas, various stark facts surfaced. While most of the letter boxes were found without locks, the damaged and decaying condition of many letter boxes have put a question mark on the regularity and proper functioning of the department. If the data collected from various post offices of the city is to believed, it also suggests that there has been declining trend in the number of letter boxes.According to the records of head post office, Cantonment, as many as 86 letter boxes were identified in the area in 2007, however, this number reduced to 40 in 2008. \"In the Varanasi West Division, which includes Bhadohi district and western parts of the Varanasi, there were around 144 letter boxes in rural and 1,254 letter boxes in urban areas till 2007. However, due to lack of maintenance, regular watch and inspection only half of the letter boxes are surviving from where collection is done,\" informed Ramapati Rama, a senior staff of West Division Office. As per the records, no maintenance work was done on the letter boxes after 2008.Similarly, Mehmoorganj post office had 22 letter boxes till 2010, which has reduced to 12 at present. While P K Singh, senior post master, head post office, Visheshwarganj, claimed there are 42 letter boxes under the head post office and there has been no declining trend in the number of letter boxes in the area, senior superintendent, Varanasi East Division, S S Mishra, could not tell how many letter boxes are functioning and lying defunct under the east division.It is noteworthy that in spite of the development of new means of communication, normal mail that is unregistered is still considered the cheapest mode of communication. According to Ramavtar Ram, postal assistant, Cantonment, around 2000-2500 mails are collected from the letter boxes each day, this number was even more some 4-5 years ago.According to O P Singh, deputy post master, head post office, Cantonment, although no records are maintained for the unregistered mails, it is still used by many as suggested by the number of inland letters and post cards which are selling over hundred every month. \"The entire enterprise of non-registered mails is manual unlike speed post and registered posts, since there are no computerized or manual records maintained for such mails, these mails are however often prone to misplacement, but for that matter, complaints are filed and mails are searched and delivered to the concerned address.\"\"Due to the decaying condition of many letter boxes in the city, people have started losing faith in the system. Letter boxes which are placed near the post offices are more used by people as compared to letter boxes placed in other congested areas,\" informed a mail collector at Visheshwarganj, on condition of anonymity.Although many letter boxes have been damaged and many are not even attended to by the area post offices, nothing is being done to renovate the letter boxes and encourage this cheap mode of sending mails. While Singh claimed that all the letter boxes under Visheshwarganj post office are well maintained, locked and do not need renovation, no maintenance work was done on letter boxes of Cantonment head post office after 2008. A K Srivastava, superintendent, Varanasi West Division, said, \"all the letter boxes and maintained and to ensure their functionality and regularity, inspections are done regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13643695", "title": "I always believed in my talent, says Bisla", "text": "NEW DELHI: A confident Manvinder Bisla is, as expected, over the moon, after his team won the IPL and the appreciation he got, from one and all, for his impressive game, especially during the tournament's final.\"I always believed in my talent. The team was confident till the last moment and I would give credit to everyone on the team who really worked hard,\" said the Hissar boy, adding, \"The faith that Gautam (Gambhir) showed in me by giving me the opportunity to play in place of McCullum was a great boost for me to perform the way I did.\"Ask about SRK's reaction, and Bisla says, \"Shah Rukh Khan has been very supportive of the team from the start of the IPL season. His presence at every match meant a lot to each and every player. He is a wonderful human being and after winning the title he hugged me and praised me a lot. If given a chance, I would love to play for Team Kolkata in the next IPL season as well.\"Bisla, who was accompanied by his wife Arpita for the final match, missed the presence of his daughter Aahana.He said, \"I missed my daughter; I really wanted her to watch her daddy play. She wasn't there because the match was in the night and that timing wouldn't have suited her.\"On how his family reacted, Bisla said, \"My parents and relatives are overjoyed and they are eagerly waiting for me to get back.\" And how is he celebrating with his family? \"Not sure; first let me get back home. But yes, when I meet my parents, I will first take their blessings,\" he said.Does he see things changing for him due to this instant fame? \"Life is still the same. The only difference is that I have been receiving a lot of calls and best wishes from all my fans. It's a great feeling to suddenly be in the limelight. Everyone has started recognising me; it felt good when I heard the crowd shouting out my name at the Kolkata airport,\" said an overjoyed Bisla.Besides cricket, not many know Bisla is also fond of reading. \"My favourite pastime is reading biographies of legendary sportsmen. At the moment I'm reading Pete Sampras biography. I have read biographies of Shane Warne, Imran Khan, Shoaib Akhtar and Kapil Dev, among others,\" said Bisla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652765", "title": "CMOs' murder: CBI files supplementary charge-sheet", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday filed a supplementary charge-sheet against three accused in CMOs Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh murder case. The two murders that took place in October 2010 and April 2011 were allegedly linked to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in UP.The three accused -- shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari, Vinod Sharma and contractor RK Verma- are already in the CBI's custody. The agency, meanwhile, has given a clean chit to the fourth accused Vijay Dubey in Dr Arya murder case. The central agency has also stated in the chargesheet that there was sufficient evidence against deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan in the two murder cases but since he is no more, no proceeding can be started against him.Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets while he was on a morning walk near his residence in Vikasnagar on October 26, 2010 while his successor Dr BP Singh was also shot dead in a similar way while he was also on a morning walk near his residence in Gomtinagar on April 2, 2011. Police later claimed that deputy CMO Sachan was the mastermind behind the two killings. He was also accused of swindling NRHM funds and arrested immediately after Dr Singh's murder. Dr Sachan, however, was found dead in mysterious circumstances inside Lucknow jail. The CBI is now probing the three deaths and the NRHM scam.Earlier, following Dr Arya's death, the special operation group of Lucknow police on December 12, 2010, had arrested two alleged shooters Vijay Dubey and Ajay Misra. According to the police, Dubey had claimed before the police that Dr Arya was murdered at the behest of mafia don and now MLA Abhay Singh. However, during the course of investigation, the police had given a clean chit to Abhay Singh and Mishra and now the CBI has dropped charges against Dubey.Even after filing a supplementary charge-sheet, however, the agency has kept the investigation in Dr Arya murder still pending. The agency further stated that the involvement of CMO Dr AK Shukla and shooter Sudhakar Pandey in this connection was also being investigated. Dr Shukla was arrested last month in Lucknow.Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma and contractor RK Verma were arrested on June 17, 2011, over two months after Dr Singh's murder. The STF had claimed that Anand and Vinod shot Dr Singh while Verma, who was Dr Sachan's friend, had hired them at the behest of the deputy CMO. The agency has kept the investigation pending in Dr Singh murder case as well.The chargesheet was forwarded under section 120(B) read with 302 IPC and 3/25/27 of Arms Act.Investigation officer Harisingh, additional SP, CBI, who investigated Dr Arya murder case, has cited 62 witnesses, 24 documentary evidence and 8 material objects in the chargesheet. Whereas, investigation officer N Krishnamurthy, ASP, CBI cited 50 witnesses, 25 documentary evidences and 14 material objects in connection with Dr Singh murder case. The CBI judge Neelmanikanth Tripathi fixed the matter for the purpose of cognizance on the chargesheet on June 5.In CBI in a press release has stated that the investigation of these cases revealed that the motive behind the killing of Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh was due to various issues relating to the alleged expenditure of the NRHM funds. The then Dy CMO Dr YS Sachan conspired with others and hired two shooters through a contractor. The accused got encouraged after Dr Arya's murder as the actual killers were not detected by local police at the relevant period and indulged in the second murder. Same weapons have been used by the killers in both the murders. Further investigation to unearth the larger conspiracy in the alleged murders would continue, the release says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652166", "title": "Divya tried desperately to marry her killer", "text": "BANGALORE: S Divya, 23, who was hacked to death in BTM Layout on Monday evening,was insisting that her suspected assailant marry her only a few months ago. However, Ranjit, her boyfriend, was said to be too timid to take up the issue with his parents.Divya,who had met Ranjit when they were BCom students at VET College in JP Nagar six years ago, herself took up the issue with his parents.According to Ranjit's family members, Divya approached his parents only last year. \"Divya requested Ranjit's parents that he and she be allowed to tie the knot. But they asked her to wait till their younger daughter Sumalatha (name changed) got married. A few months ago, Sumalatha tied the knot. Divya again approached Ranjit's parents and they told her to wait till their elder son's wedding was over,\" family sources said. Ranjit is the second son.Police said that Divya forced Ranjit to marry her at the earliest. \"Frustrated over the delay, she had even threatened to commit suicide,\" police sources said.A resident of Kalkere near Hulimavu, Ranjit dropped out of college and was working with Slash, a BPO, at Garvebhavipalya near Madiwala. But Ranjit quit his job in January this year and was jobless since then. Around this time, Divya decided to end her relationship with Ranjit. Divya is later believed to have got close to Pradeep Kumar, brother-inlaw of her second sister Jyothi.\"The family members always felt Divya and I made a good couple. The news somehow reached Ranjit and he was frustrated,\" Pradeep reportedly told police.Investigators on Tuesday detained Ranjit's parents as their suspect-son is still absconding. \"Divya's father Shyam told us that she was an ambitious girl and dreamt of making a successful career,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653167", "title": "Opposition parties raise rivers pollution issue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Opposition parties on Tuesday raised the issue of pollution in various rivers in the state. In response to a question on growing industrial effluents discharge into the rivers and measures to curb the menace, the state government promised stringent monitoring in all such units totalling around 2,370. MLAs from BJP and Congress recounted the numbers of nullahs - 21 flowing into Ganga and 19 into Yamuna to emphasis the gravity of the situation The minister for parliamentary affairs Mohammad Azam Khan said he would have the issue examined at the ground level, even as speaker Mata Prasad Pandey allowed 90 minutes debate on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13650282", "title": "Row over move to legalize mobile towers", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation's (BMC) move to fill in its coffers by imposing heavy penalty on the mobile companies to legalize their illegal mobile towers have met stiff resistance from the Congress corporators.The mayor-in-council meet held a few days back had proposed for legalizing the illegal mobile towers in the state capital after collection of a penalty of Rs one lakh from the mobile service providers. Ahead of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) council meet, the Congress corporators are opposing this proposal claiming that it would breed corruption. \"This issue is a little complicated. It is not ethical to legalise mobile towers by charging a penalty on Rs. 1 lakh,\" Girish Sharma, Congress spokesperson said. \"The proper procedure of legalising the mobile towers should be decided by the council,\" he added.The Congress corporators will also be demanding amendments in the proposal of increasing the rates of fire tenders hired during private function like wedding and exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656245", "title": "YSR Congress panel to meet Election Commission on Jagan Mohan Reddy's release", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sensing that the presence of party president Jaganmohan Reddy in the bypoll campaign is vital for the good performance of the candidates, the YSR Congress has decided to send a delegation to New Delhi and persuade the Election Commission officials to intervene and ensure the release of their leader from judicial custody.The development comes in the wake of reports from New Delhi that in response to the plea of YSR Congress MLA and Jagan's mother Vijayamma that EC should step in and ensure that the party president was allowed to campaign in the bypolls, the election commissioners felt that they cannot intervene in the matter. Vijayamma had made the appeal in a letter to the EC on Monday after her son was sent to 14-day judicial custody in the assets case that would end only on the bypoll eve.Jagan was arrested in the midst of his campaign. Even though he had completed the campaign in many constituencies, he is still to campaign in at least six assembly constituencies. \"The party is going ahead with the campaign, but at the same time, all efforts are being made to get Jagan released,\" said party's coordinator M V Mysura Reddy. The party has sought a personal audience for a delegation of leaders. Depending on the availability, the committee will meet the President of India as well, he said.The delegation to New Delhi is to be led by Mysura Reddy. \"We have sought appointment with the chief election commissioner. Once we receive the appointment, the delegation will go to Delhi and explain to the commission how undemocratic and violative of civil rights the arrest is,\" Reddy said.Jagan is the president of YSR Congress and he should not be denied his right to campaign for the party,\" he said adding that the arrest had clearly violated all democratic tenets.Meanwhile, with the bandh call in protest against Jagan's arrest not evoking the expected response, the party has asked its district committees to observe a ten-day protest. This was decided at a meeting here on Tuesday of senior leaders including Mysura Reddy, Bajireddy Govardhan, YS Subba Reddy and Jupudi Prabhakar Rao, among others.As part of the protest, they decided to conduct peaceful dharnas, demonstrations and fasts.In other developments on Tuesday, two former MLAs, Koneti Konappa from Adilabad and Chella Ramakirshna Reddy from Kurnool, met Vijayamma and expressed their solidarity with Jagan.Party sources said Vijayamma would leave for Vizag on Wednesday to participate in the election campaign in Payakaraopet in Srikakulam district. The sources said a separate chariot was being readied for her campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656244", "title": "Radio studio visit has kids on song", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sophisticated equipment, cool microphones and headphones, soundproof cabins and the trademark eye-catching 'On air' signs left the young participants of the Radio Mirchi studio visit fascinated. The event, a part of TOI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign, was held on Tuesday at the Radio Mirchi office in Begumpet. It gave 75 kids the rare opportunity to step inside a radio station office and witness its inner workings.From five-year-olds to 18-year-olds, the participants were so eager to see the studio and meet the radio jockeys and professionals that many of them turned up before time at the venue. After the names of all the participants were registered, they were divided into four batches and taken into the studios one batch at a time. Once inside, the kids couldn't help but stare wide-eyed in amazement at all the studio equipment and the heavy soundproof doors as their guide B Bharathi, a radio jockey (RJ), explained them about what exactly happens there. They were first taken into the live studio from where all the live shows were aired. The participants' excitement levels soared when they realised that they were actually walking into the studio while a show was being aired. RJ Dheeraja, who was in the middle of her show, welcomed the kids into the studio when a song was being played.They were shown the screen on which the detailed log of songs, advertisements and jock talk, i.e. when the RJ speaks, was displayed, the switches that control the volume, the phone used to take listeners' calls and the signature headphones worn by the RJ. Kids were even allowed to stay in the studio while the RJ went live on air and took a couple of calls from listeners. Many captured the RJ speaking into the microphone live on their phone cameras, vowing to show it to their friends back home.The group was then shown the back-up studio wherein all the recorded shows and segments were recorded and edited. They even took turns saying a couple of lines into the mike, including the popular tagline of the station. Just when they thought they had seen it all, the participants interacted with R Kiran Kumar, a sound engineer and the man behind the popular comic character named 'Breaking news Baburao' and Yashwanth Nag, music composer of the Telugu film Neeku Naaku Dash Dash.Talking about his experience at the event, eight-year-old Vedant A said, \"I was so excited when I came to know that I will get to visit a radio station. The entire experience was mind blowing. I will boast about this to all my friends and tell my teacher too about it.\" The RJs also said they had a great time with the enthusiastic children. B Bharathi said, \"It's nice as the young kids were so enthusiastic to know about the functioning of a radio station. Many of them had very microphone-friendly voices and a distinct style. I cleared their misconceptions about a radio station having only RJs and told them about the various career opportunities here. Such events give them a good exposure to these fields; it is a great initiative.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13663417", "title": "Prabhu Deva\u2019s sons not allowed to party with Shah Rukh", "text": "Missing from the party for Akshay Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan in Chennai on Sunday night were Prabhu Deva's two young sons who were obediently asleep in one corner of the house as the celebrity revelers partied all night.Reasons Prabhu, \"How could they join us? They're too young to party with us. They don't know who Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar are. They don't know who the invitees were. If they did they might have revolted against my decision that they sleep and insisted on joining us.\"Since there is no lady in Prabhu Deva's house (he's divorced and his girlfriend actress Nayanthara recently left him) all the arrangements were made by friends. Says Prabhu, \"I've been running around for the release of Rowdy Rathore. Thankfully I've good friends who took care of all the party details. We felt we were part of history. Shah Rukh's victory in the IPL was celebrated in my house. I feel blessed.\"The buzz in tinsel town is growing stronger. Akshay Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan are inching towards a movie partnership. They've been seen bonding together recently on more than one occasion. Recently Akshay and SRK were seen bonding at an IPL match in Pune.Now on Sunday night SRK showed up to sing dance and whoop it up with Akshay Kumar at Prabhu Deva's residence in Chennai. And the wonder-struck host still can't get over it.\"It was historic,\" sighs Prabhu Deva. \"I had thrown a pre-release party for my Rowdy Rathore team. Akshay and Sonakshi had flown down to Chennai by a chartered plane. How were we to know that Shah Rukh's grand historic win would happen and he would decide spontaneously join us when we invited him , just like that!\"Prabhu says SRK was at the part for 45 minutes. \"He was so full of energy. He chatted, danced made all of us feel good.\"Other guests at Prabhu's party that evening were Riteish Deshmukh and wife Genelia d'Souza, Rana Daggubati, director Shankar (with whom Shah Rukh is reportedly doing a film).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670710", "title": "Katto Rani is the new item girl", "text": "After Munni, Sheila and Jalebi Bai, Katto Rani is all set to hit the screen. Katto Rani is an item number from an upcoming movie 'Baat Ban Gaiye'.The item number will be performed by debutante Actress Anisa. Anisa is a British Indian actress and playing the lead role in the movie opposite to Ali Fazal. Ali Fazal started his acting career with 3 Idiots where he played the character of Joy. Subsequently he played the lead role in Shah Rukh Khan's Always Kabhi Kabhi .Anisa wasn't quite prepared for an item number initially. The actress says, \"I was very shocked to hear that I have to do an item song but when I heard the song, I enjoyed it and am looking forward to it. I shall push myself and get the steps as perfectly as I can and make this song the world's best item song.\"Director Shuja Ali is upfront about the item number and says, \"Item songs have become a trend in Bollywood. They are a formula to lure the audience and contribute in making a film hit. Item songs ensure good opening at the box office\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "13651952", "title": "Paternity suit: Police, doctors collect ND Tiwari's blood samples", "text": "DEHRADUN: Veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari's blood samples were collected by a team of six doctors amid tight security on Tuesday following the Supreme Court order to establish the veracity of paternity suit filed by Rohit Shekhar who claims to be his biological son.Senior judicial, administrative and police officers, apart from his family members including his nephew, Manish Tiwari, were present at Tiwari's official residence at Forest Research Institute (FRI) campus when the samples were taken.The 87-year-old former governor of Andhra Pradesh and thrice CM of undivided Uttar Pradesh was forced to give the samples after 32-year-old Rohit Shekhar's paternity suit filed in the Delhi high court.Chief medical superintendent, Dr BC Pathak of Doon Hospital, said Tiwari gave his blood samples at 10.30am, adding that the samples were sealed properly before being handed over to registrar of Delhi HC. A police officer on duty said Rohit Shekhar was soon taken to Tiwari's residence but his mother Ujjwala Sharma was initially denied entry. She was let in after Rohit intervened.Tiwari's blood samples would be taken to Centre of DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics in Hyderabad along with blood samples of Rohit and his mother Ujjwala's to determine if Rohit indeed is the biological son of Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13655957", "title": "City bakes at 44.4 degrees CelsiusKANPUR", "text": "KANPUR: The city continues to reel under scorching heat with the mercury rising to 44.4 degree Celsius on Tuesday. The minimum temperature stood at 20.7 degrees, nearly three degrees higher than that of Monday. The low humidity gave tough time to those who commute during the afternoon period. The humidity stood at 34 per cent in the morning, which reduced to 17% in the afternoon.Met officials have predicted hotter days ahead, with no signs of rain before the weekend. The maximum temperature is expected to hover between 42 and 46 degrees mark. The minimum may touch the mark of 28 degrees.The dry westerly and north-westerly winds from Rajasthan are rising the temperature. Temperature may remain above normal till the weekend.Train passengers create ruckus: The passengers of Muri Express created ruckus at Kanpur Central railway station when the air-conditioner of II AC coach developed snag. When the train reached Kanpur Central station, the passengers got down on the platform and made a complaint to the railway authorities about the AC. But the complaint was not attended and the train started moving. This irked the passengers, who pulled the chain to halt the train. The passengers created ruckus. The railway officials reached the platform and got the snag repaired. The train then left for Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656355", "title": "Garbage piles belie Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation tall claims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is gearing up for the conference on biodiversity in the next few months. Tall claims have been made to showcase Hyderabad as a world class city, but the truth is civic officials have not been able to address even basic issues.Heaps of garbage and overflowing trash bins have been sticking out like a sore thumb in several parts of the city. Garbage is not being lifted in colonies on the pretext of non-availability of vehicles. The sad state of affairs dogs the city despite the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) spending over Rs 140 crore every year on transportation alone. The GHMC has recently decided to hire more vehicles to clear garbage mounds and overflowing bins. Purchase of new vehicles was stopped by the corporation a couple of years ago, especially after entering into an agreement with Ramky on the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project. As per the agreement, transportation of garbage will be entrusted to Ramky once the project becomes operational.Incidentally, GHMC's expenditure on transportation has been soaring every year with the transportation wing spending Rs 140 crore in 2011-12, while it was Rs 91.67 crore in 2009-10. Official records say GHMC has been spending more on hiring vehicles than repairing its own vehicles. Nearly Rs 13 crore was spent on hiring dozers, excavators and other vehicles in the last financial year which was just Rs 7-8 crore three years agoOn repairs, the corporation had spent about Rs 19 crore and Rs 28.93 crore in 2011-12 and 2010-11 financial years respectively. The corporation had spent Rs 24 crore on repairs and maintenance of heavy vehicles, which are used for lifting garbage.GHMC employees' union has been asking the corporation to purchase 160 new vehicles apart from repairing 60 old ones and use them for lifting garbage. When municipal employees went on a snap strike two weeks ago, the GHMC commissioner agreed to press more vehicles into service for transportation of garbage on 50-50 (own and hire vehicles) basis. \"One of the reasons for increase in expenditure was the soaring fuel prices. Last year about Rs 55 crore was spent on fuel for heavy vehicles, light vehicles and staff vehicles, which was Rs 29 crore four years ago,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Health and Sanitation) L Vandan Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652232", "title": "Ranchi science and commerce toppers from DPS", "text": "RANCHI: Once again Delhi Public School proved its mettle by grabbing most of the top 10 positions. The institution produced city toppers in both science and commerce stream and second toppers to the state. Aditya Goyal scored 97.4% in science became the city topper. Similarly, Akansha Mittal with 96.2% topped in commerce stream.DPS principal J Mohanty said, \"I am extremely happy with the performance of my students. This year Class XII result is one of the best results the school achieved. As many as 130 students managed to score 90% and above, which is three times more than last year.\"Of the top 10 positions in science, DPS bagged the top five positions. The sixth position was procured by DAV Public School Hehal and seventh by Army School. Again, the eighth position was shared by three students of DPS and two students of DAV Kapildev.In commerce, DPS bagged the first three positions followed by JVM Shyamali on fourth and DAV Gandhinagar on fifth positions. Sixth position was shared by three students of DPS and the seventh position was again shared by students of DAV Hehal, DAV Kapildev and DPS.Arts is a subject which is offered by very few schools in the city. Swati Singh of Central School Hinoo became the state topper in arts stream by procuring 95.8%. The second topper was Balaji Sumanth of JVM Shyamli with 93.6%.The result of JVM Shyamali was disappointing as it did not manage to achieve any position in the top 10 list in science stream as opposed to previous year's results in which two of the top three students in the city were from this school. Also the top three state toppers in arts were from JVM Shyamali last year but this year the top position was snatched away from JVM by a student of Central School this year.The poor results of JVM will also affect the admissions this year as many students who were planning to take admission in the school are rethinking their decision now. Ankita, who wrote her Class X examination from Cambrian Public School, wanted to take admission in JVM but now she is reluctant. \"I have filled the form for four schools including, JVM and DPS, and my first preference was JVM. But now after the results I think I should rather go for DPS or DAV Hehal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13663885", "title": "Who inspires Asha, Anu, Salim &amp; Sunidhi?", "text": "Har Idol ke piche na jane kitne Idol hote hain goes the promo of Indian Idol 6. And this holds true for all the contestants who have their friends , families, colleagues and countless other people to thank for backing them up and in helping them make their journey this far on the show.But ever wondered who the Indian Idol judges admire? Who their inspirations are? As the sixth season of Indian Idol starts from 1 st June 2012, judges Sunidhi Chauhan, Salim Merchant and Anu Malik will be joined by the legendary Asha Bhosle who will be the fourth judge on the show.Sharing their thoughts on the people who have truly inspired their music, the four judges all have their favourites. For Asha Bhosle, her idol is her father Deenanath Mangeshkar who she says taught her sangeet and sargam . From the filmy world, her choice is the man with the golden voice: Kishore Kumar who s he feels is unmatched by any other singer of today's generation. Judge Sunidhi Chauhan grew up listening to Asha Bhosle and Lata Mangeshkar who remain her personal favourites.Anu Malik was bowled over by RD Burman and Mohammed Rafi especially when he heard Rafi saab sing O Haseena Zulfon Wali . Anu Malik also adds that that singers like Kishore da and Mohammed Rafi belong to a different league and there can be no singers like them ever! Salim Merchant's inspiration is table maestro Zakir Hussain and considers the legend as a very good human being.Now that we know who our judges admire, will the contestants impress them with their rendition of the legends' songs? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13651506", "title": "Gang selling fake gold coins of Mughal era held", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida police claims to have busted a gang that used to cheat people by selling them fake gold coins and bricks of the Mughal era. Police said that the gang members used to say that they got the coins while digging their land. Recently, the gang cheated a Dadri-based businessman.The accused had demanded Rs 30 lakh for 300 coins, but the deal was finally wrapped up in Rs 15 lakh. The accused have been identified as Tahir, Zakir Hussain and Jumma. Tahir claims to be the Maulana of a Mosque in Uspaar village in Mathura, while Zakir is a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651453", "title": "What our jail needs: a psychiatrist", "text": "BANGALORE: Parappana Agrahara Central Prison has turned into a hellhole, where a natural instinct like sex has turned prisoners into predatory animals. Those wielding clout abuse their lesser fortunate mates and traumatize them for life.The absence of in-house psychiatrists is making things worse. A case of a 29-year-old prisoner brought their trauma to light. Subjected to constant abuse by fellow prisoners, he began thinking he was a pregnant woman carrying twins. \"This man first complained of stomach ache and used to be depressed. After lengthy hours of counselling, we understood that he was a victim of homosexual abuse. He thought of himself as a woman who had become pregnant and was carrying twins,\" a psychiatrist of NGO Serenity told TOI.Serenity was commissioned to visit the jail and attend to prisoners' mental health after TOI reported recently on the absence of in-house psychiatrists in prison. Two psychiatrists and four counsellors have begun visiting the prison thrice a week since February 2012.Explaining the traumatized man's case, the psychiatrist said: \"It was a typical psychiatric case and we gave him the required treatment. The physical abuse he underwent at the hands of his co-prisoners left him psychologically scarred. After two months of treatment, he now thinks he's had an abortion, and the babies have gone away from him. Due to the lack of a psychiatrist in prison, problems of this kind probably did not come to light for a long time.\"Homosexual abuse can render victims aggressive. Things can get even more complicated if the psychiatrist tells such a person that he is a man, and biologically, it is impossible to conceive. We treated him with medicines and therapy,\" the psychiatrist said.Serenity psychiatrists believe this case is just the tip of the iceberg, and that physical abuse is rampant in prison.But Gagandeep KV, additional director general of police and inspector general of prisons, said he was unaware of the issue. \"It's a very peculiar case and I have not heard about it. If the patient requires further psychiatric treatment, we can send him to Nimhans. He will be secluded from the rest of the crowd. I have not heard any such complaints so far. We are here to take care of the prisons, and this issue will certainly be looked into,\" Gagandeep told TOI.ExpertspeakAnything done against the will of a person can be traumatic. If a person has undergone homosexual abuse without his consent, it will definitely affect him psychologically. It can begin with restlessness and then lead to mental disorders. In such patients, we see a gradual change in personality and behaviour. They need psychiatric care.Dr BN Gangadhar | professor of psychiatry, nimhansCondoms in jailIn 2010, the Bombay high court had heard a petition from a HIV-affected prisoner, pleading that use of condoms be allowed in prison. Even as the case was on, the petitioner succumbed to HIV.In this particular case, the amicus curiae told the court: \"We cannot ignore the fact that prisoners do indulge in sexual activities in jail. Providing condoms will reduce the risk of them getting infected with HIV.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652684", "title": "Ex-students pledge support to KBM's English school proposal", "text": "MARGAO: The ex-students of Konkani Bhasha Mandal's (KBM) Vidya Bhavan primary school welcomed the KBM's move of starting an English-medium high school from the upcoming academic year and pledged their support to the school management.At the meeting of the ex-students held recently, they decided to form an association and contribute to help develop the personality of the high school students by organizing educational events and creativity-boosting activities.A get-together of ex-students of the school will be held on June 17 at Vidya Bhuvan Comba, Margao, from 9am to 5 pm.Those desirous of participating are requested to contact Sandipani Mordekar on 8888884994 or Shruti Dhond Bhangi on 8806238887.The KBM, which has been running a Konkani-medium primary school in Margao for over three decades, had recently disclosed its plans to start an English-medium high school from this academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668158", "title": "Jaden Smith\u2019s request for mommy dearest!", "text": "Will Smith's adorable kid Jaden had a special request for his mommy. Jaden wanted Jada to let him sing for her movie!Will Smith's adorable kid Jaden had a special request for his mommy. Jaden wanted Jada to let him sing for her movie! If you think celeb children get special treatment, you are mistaken, for Jada turned down her son's request.The actress revealed the story saying, \"They're much older (now), but I was very, very proud and flattered when my son called me the other day and asked me to make a call to Jeffrey Katzenberg to put one of his songs at the end of Madagascar 3, not realizing that it's coming out in two weeks! I was like, 'Listen, it's done, it's over, OK?' He's like, 'I know you can call Jeffrey and get it done mommy, I can put a song on there.' I'm like, 'No, baby, you can't.' But I was actually really flattered that he thinks it's still cool.\"Jaden is known for his performances in The Karate Kid and The Pursuit of Happyness.Madagascar 3 releases in India on June 8th 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13669775", "title": "Trouble in paradise for Gauri &amp; Jagya in Balika Vadhu?", "text": "On last night's episode of Balika Vadhu, viewers witness some tense moments between Jagya ( Shashank Vyas) and Gauri ( Anjoom Farooki).An unemployed Jagya is ecstatic when an old friend offers him a job at a nursing home in Bangalore. But Gauri is not supportive of Jagya and refuses to shift base to Bangalore. This further enrages Jagya and creates more problems between the couple. In tomorrow's episode (31st May 2012), Gauri will confide in her mother and tell her about her and Jagya's problems. On her mother's advice, Gauri goes job hunting for Jagya without his knowledge.Speaking about Jagya's character, Gauri aka Anjoom says, \"Jagya is a very confused character and He never takes a stance. Although he lives in a city, his thinking is very old school where he feels that he is the man of the house and should be the bread earner of the family. He's also very egoistic and a little laid back he's uncertain about his career and my character Gauri tells him to buck up and do something concrete. Although I have to admit that I'm also wrong in places\".Meanwhile, things are not too good for Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla). In tomorrow's episode, Shiv appoints Kewal Ram as the contractor for the canal project. But Shiv's decision to do so anger Het Singh and Shambhu who are hell bent on taking their revenge on Shiv. When Shiv remains unaffected by Het Singh's threat, Anandi steps in and warns Shiv of the repercussions.As one relationship seems to be building between Anandi and Shiv, is there trouble brewing in paradise for Jagya and Gauri?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13652575", "title": "Flora fossils found at Khotode", "text": "KERI: About 6km from Valpoi town, on the way to Ponda, a team of archaeological researchers recently discovered 65-million-year-old mega flora fossils on the left bank of the Mhadei river in Khotode village of Sattari taluka.Akhilesh Kumar of the Sharma Centre for Heritage Education, Chennai; Tosabanta Padhan, PhD from Deccan College, Pune; Varad Sabnis of Sanvardhan, Goa and Pankaj Goel of Deccan College, Pune, were among those who participated in the exploration.Padhan said, \"These stones have great archeological value and an immense potentiality of pre-historic research. I have seen such fossil stones in Asansol in Bengal and in Jaisalmer in Rajasthan.\"Unfortunately, while a portion of these stones are weathered and about 10m is exposed, some fossils are also used to wash clothes on by the local women, who do not yet know their value.Kumar said, \"The government of Goa should take urgent steps to protect and conserve this unique fossil stone park. Through a study of the mega flora fossils, can we get information about the type of vegetation and climatic conditions during the pre-historic period.\"Varad Sabnis, an archeological researcher from Goa, said, \"Last year, I had collected a specimen of fossilised plant stone from Khotode and we visited the area a year later to confirm the fact.\"On April 8, 1876, C Marchesetti, in his research paper on a pre-historic monument of the Western coast of India mentioned, \"There exists a petrified forest extending over a surface of several miles. The trees of this forest are scattered partly over the side of a hill adjoining captain major's plantation, and partly in the valley along the borders of the river which runs along its base.\"Kumar added, \"This area has a lot of significance in helping one understand the archaeological as well as historical heritage of Goa. Hominids wandering about the forested areas might have used stones found here as tools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "altonganj", "code": "13652239", "title": "Rush for ATM cards in admission season", "text": "ALTONGANJ: What is the relation between the ATM card and admission in first year in a college?Schools results are out and students here are trying their luck for admission outside Palamu. For this, guardians are approaching banks here for ATM cards and after getting them handing them over to their wards residing outside Palamu/Jharkhand.Chief manager of SBI Daltonganj main branch Randhir Kumar Sinha said there was no denying the fact that parents handed over their ATM cards to their children much at their own risk. The SBI is the lead bank in Palamu district. \"The ATM card holders have made their pin known to their wards knowing fully well that it may cause them serious embarrassment any time,\" Sinha said adding that the demand for ATM cards increased this time when hundreds of students of this place seek admission in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Allahabad.The chief manager admitted that despite a large number of SBI ATM card-holders here in Daltonganj, the customers' rush at the branches for ATM cards was none the less huge. Sinha attributed this to the proxy use of ATM cards by the children of the ATM card-holders. Asked if this is not a violation of banking norms, Sinha said it is. \"But the banks can hardly do any thing about it. Bona fide ATM card-holders should realize this in their larger interests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649783", "title": "Lifeline for 10,000 poor HIV patients", "text": "NEW DELHI: The budget has good news for poor HIV/AIDS patients. In a unique initiative, the state government has proposed monthly financial assistance of Rs 1,000 for patients suffering from the disease. While orphaned children infected with HIV/AIDS will get Rs 2,050 per month, other children will get Rs 1,750 per month. The budget has earmarked an initial corpus of Rs 5 crore for the ambitious health scheme. This scheme was among the key highlights of Delhi government's budget for 2012-13 in the health sector, for which Rs 2,124 crore (14.16% of the total outlay) has been allocated.State health minister AK Walia told TOI that more than 300 beneficiaries have already been identified for the issuance of the assistance money. \"There are about 10,000 HIV/AIDS patients registered with us for anti-retroviral treatment. These patients need extra nutrition and balanced diet to cope with their compromised immune system. The financial aid is aimed at helping such patients,\" said Walia.In a relief for thalassaemia patients, the government will introduce VAT exemption on 'blood bags' (lucocite filters), which will reduce the cost of blood storage and transfusion.The introduction of improved immunisation cover for children with pentavalent vaccine, which is administered for diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, hepatitis B and haemophilus influenza type B, was also announced in the budget.Expansion of the ambulance fleet, increasing the number of dialysis machines at hospitals and improving the infrastructure at Delhi State Cancer Institute were among other highlights.However, the budget proposals for the health sector, pertaining to development of health infrastructure, can largely be described as old wine in new bottle.It proposes to increase the number of hospital beds per thousand population in the capital from 2.55 (beds per thousand population) at present to three (beds per thousand population). For this, the government has said new hospitals will be constructed at Burari, Ambedkar Nagar, Hastsal and Sarita Vihar, among other places - most of these projects were mentioned in last year's budget also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13652897", "title": "Dangling wires endanger lives in SBS Nagar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Loose and uncovered bunches of electricity cables near parks of SBS Nagar pose a great risk to walkers. With their repeated complaints and requests to the officials going unheard, residents say the day is not far when somebody will get injured due to the dangling wires. Vipan Sood, an engineer who resides in SBS Nagar, said, said, \"The numerous fire incidents due to hanging wires have not pulled officials out of their slumber. It's sheer carelessness on the part of Ludhiana Improvement Trust. Will the officials act only when somebody gets hurt? When we complained to the officers of the area, they could not manage a satisfactory reply.\"Also an area resident, Harbhajan Singh, said, \"ending kids to play in the parks is as bad as inviting trouble. The good part is that streetlights have been given electricity connection but the dangerous part is that the wires have not been covered properly.\"Claiming it wasn't a big issue, a sub-divisional officer with LIT, Jaswinder Singh, said, \"The problem is in my knowledge and I will send the staff responsible for maintenance of streetlights in the area. The issue will be resolved soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650093", "title": "Plane fire report in 15-30 days", "text": "MUMBAI: The directorate-general of civil aviation (DGCA) will complete its report on the Jet airways aircraft fire incident in 15-30 days. DGCA officials said orders for a probe were issued from the headquarters in Delhi on May 27 and the incident was 'serious'. E K Bharat Bhushan, director-general, DGCA, said, \"We usually give a fortnight to finish the report.It will be out soon.\" Other officials said it may take longer. Sources said preliminary findings suggest a leakage in a fuel pipe. \"The leak can cause a fire and this is what seems to have happened. We are taking into account other factors too,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13648993", "title": "Pujara is back, as captain &amp; batsman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year and a half ago, Cheteshwar Pujara was the most happening name doing the rounds as someone who could fill in for the likes of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman before two knee injuries brought him back to square one. But as he leads the India 'A' team to West Indies, the 24-year-old believes that things are falling in place for him despite being benched for over a month by the Royal Challengers Bangalore during the Indian Premier League.In fact, he has been preparing for the Caribbean tour during the time he spent on the sidelines for RCB. \"It's not that I haven't been in touch with cricket. I had been talking to AB de Villiers to know about the adjustments one has to make in the West Indies. Even Venkatesh Prasad , who has been to the Caribbean, has told me about the conditions there,\" said Pujara during the last day of the three-day conditioning camp at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Tuesday.As a captain too, he has been doing the homework, looking especially at the bowling attack which, barring Ashok Dinda , isn't as experienced as the batting bunch. \"Venkatesh Prasad has told me that except Barbados the conditions there resemble the sub-continent. So, I think our bowlers can do well there.\"Didn't he think of approaching Chris Gayle , a teammate at RCB? Well, he played down the query with a smirk saying he didn't get a chance to talk to Gayle.While this tour could mark a fresh start for him as he tries to get back into national contention, for the Saurashtra batsman, the process has already begun during the domestic season.\"I have already played four first-class games to go with a few one-dayers as well. So, I don't think I am starting from scratch,\" pointed out Pujara.The team leaves for the West Indies early on Wednesday morning for three four-day games, three one-dayers and two T20s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653765", "title": "Chennai Corporation seals its canteen", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation on Monday sealed its canteen after officials found that adulterated food was being sold. The move comes after Mayor Saidai Duraisamy and a team of officials inspected the canteen, run by the employees' cooperative society.Duraisamy said that food was served in unhygienic conditions and the price was high. \"The canteen would be renovated and will be opened after 15 days,\" he said. The canteen was sealed under the Anti-Food Adulteration Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13651975", "title": "Infant's headless body found buried in Palani", "text": "DINDIGUL: The headless body of a new-born baby was found in a coconut grove near Palani in Dindigul district on Tuesday.Police found the baby's parents who claimed they had buried it as it was stillborn. The body was apparently dragged out of a pit by dogs, but the fact that it was headless raised doubts of it being a case of child sacrifice. The body was sent for post mortem to the government hospital in Palani and cremated later.Police are looking into all angles. \"Inquiries so far have revealed that the baby was stillborn out of miscarriage and the body had dog-bite wounds all over. We are yet to arrive at any conclusion. A post mortem report will reveal if any weapon was used to chop off the head or whether dogs bit it off,'' said Dindigul SP T Jayachandran. For now, a case has been registered under CrPC section 174 (death under suspicious circumstances).Police said the body was found by villagers in a grove at Mettupatti in Saminthapuram police station limits. It had been dragged from a pit and mauled by dogs. The village administrative officer lodged a complaint with police.\"We found from the villagers that the baby was born to Velusamy and Saradha of the village on Friday last. They admitted it was their baby but said it was still-born and that they had buried it in the grove,'' said a police officer.Police said later investigations revealed that Saradha had an affair with another man and became pregnant but returned to Velusamy recently. Villagers told police that Saradha was seen frequenting places of priests and tantrics over the past several days.Just a few days ago, four people were arrested in a one-year-old case of child sacrifice in Madurai. A tantric and his paramour kidnapped a one-and-a-half-year-old baby from Madurai, beheaded it, buried the head in a Thoothukudi village and the torso in Ramanathapuram district.Madurai: A woman and her paramour were allegedly taken into custody by the police for allegedly sacrificing a day old female infant near Palani in Dindigul district.Police said, Velusamy (40) of Mettupatti near Swaminathapuram, in Palani had an illegal affair with Saradha from the same place for about an year as his wife had left him due to personal problems. Velusamy was a worker in a paper mill in that region.Under these circumstances, Saradha had also developed an affair with Rajendran (38) from Kaniyur near her place and allegedly become pregnant. She had returned to Velusamy and they were living in a thatched hut inside the farm near the paper mill where they were working. Saradha had delivered a female infant on Friday, inside the hut and on Sunday, she told the police that it had died and that she had buried it in the farm.Swaminathapuram police who rushed to the spot were able to recover only the body of the infant which had been pulled out by the dogs and the head was missing. Villagers told the police that Saradha was seen frequenting places of priests who performed poojas and that the chances of the infant having been sacrificed could not be rule out., because the head was found to have been severed from the body.The body was sent for postmortem to the Palani government hospital and Velusamy and Saradha were secured by the police, who are also investigating from the angle of it having been a case of human sacrifice. The duo are expected to be booked for murder at the end of the investigations according to police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13652046", "title": "No shortage of fuel in Trichy, say dealers", "text": "TRICHY: Unlike most cities, especially the state capital Chennai where vehicle owners have been facing a shortage of fuel for the past two days, petrol bunks in Trichy district say they have enough stock to meet requirements. But the fuel crisis in Chennai led to Trichy residents making a beeline in the petrol bunks of IOCL, BPCL and HPCL on Tuesday morning, causing a sudden surge in sales. People filled up the fuel tanks in their vehicles with a view to pre-empt any impending fuel crisis in the city.However, the surge in demand led to the stock in some petrol bunks running dry by Tuesday afternoon. Employees in the BPCL petrol bunk opposite Passport Seva Kendra sent back vehicles saying there was no stock. When contacted, a BPCL petrol bunk manager said, \"The BPCL depot in Karur delayed supply on Monday and may divert supply to Chennai, to solve the acute fuel shortage there. However, we have enough stock of diesel. We expect the petrol to reach us by Tuesday evening.\"On the contrary, R Venkatesan, assistant manager, BPCL Trichy said, \"Petrol and diesel sales in our bunk increased by 25 to 50% in the last two days in the wake of the fuel shortage in petrol bunks of other oil companies. The sudden surge in sales must have led to a shortage. However, we have enough stock to supply our 15 petrol bunks in Trichy district.\"C Balasubramanian, manager of a HPCL petrol bunk, attributed the shortage of fuel in their petrol bunk to the delay in supply from the depot. They managed to deal with the morning rush with their stock of petrol, but were deprived of diesel till evening, he said. Despite the shortage of diesel, they could manage to provide fuel to the diesel-run vehicles thanks to uninterrupted power supply. It there was a power interruption, the situation would have become worse as hospitals and commercial establishments would have rushed to petrol bunks to run the diesel generators, he said. An IOC officer on the condition of anonymity said, \"They are more than 55 petrol bunks operating in Trichy district. None of them were closed and we have enough stock to supply to our dealers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651875", "title": "Jobless youth falls to death from terrace", "text": "BANGALORE: A jobless MBA graduate who was fast asleep on the second floor parapet wall of a building, rolled over and fell to his death in Kamakya Extension at Channammana Kere Achkat on Monday night.Dora Prasad, 32, a native of Chittoor in Andhra Pradesh , had come to Bangalore three months ago and was hunting for a job. He had moved into a rented room on the second floor of the building, owned by Prabhakar, a month ago.Dora Prasad was a chronic alcoholic and would create a nuisance every night. \"He slept on the parapet wall every day. Neighbours warned him against it but he paid no heed,\" police quoted Prabhakar as saying.Worried about the consequences, Prabhakar warned Dora that he may have to vacate the room if he continued with his habits.Neighbours told police that on Monday night, Dora Prasad had consumed alcohol and as usual, went to sleep on the parapet wall around 11.45pm.\"Around 1.30am, we woke up to a loud thud and rushed out to see Prasad lying in a pool of blood on the ground floor. He had sustained head injuries,\" neighbours told police. He was shifted to KIMS Hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650172", "title": "Airline to pay 1 lakh to flier", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi district consumer forum has asked Malaysian Airlines to pay Rs 1 lakh to a woman for spoiling her trip to that country. The woman had gone to attend her friend's wedding to Malaysia, but the airlines lost her baggage, comprising her party wears and other essentials, en route.A bench of New Delhi district consumer forum asked the airlines to pay the compensation to Mumbai resident Farah Mehta, who had taken the flight to Langkavi on March 7, 2008. \"The total tour was spoilt and she suffered great emotional, physical, mental anxiety and worry. In our consideration, an amount of Rs one lakh in total would be just compensation...,\" said the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651755", "title": "Who will be city mayor?", "text": "PATNA: The election for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) would be held on June 10 at the Patna Collectorate building. The state election commission (SEC) has appointed in-charge DM Manoj Kumar as the returning officer for the poll.The 72 newly-elected PMC councillors have started holding closed-door meetings to arrive at a decision on their candidates for the two important posts. A candidate would need a minimum of 37 votes to win.Sources said the councillors have not yet decided on their nominees for election. Till a few days back, a majority of councillors seemed to prefer outgoing mayor Afzal Imam over any new candidate. But the scene is changing fast.Deepak Kumar Chaurasiya, the councillor of ward number 2, said, \"Earlier, there was an organization of councillors under the name of Pragatisheel Parshad Morcha. This year we have changed the name and replaced Pragatisheel with Vikas-shil Parshad Morcha.\" He said that the organization comprising 40 councillors would soon decide on its representative for the post of mayor.On the other hand, Jeet Kumar, a first-time councillor from ward number 13, said, \"We are yet to decide on our representative for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor. We held a meeting where 45 councillors participated, who didn't seem to be in favour of Imam.\"Jeet Kumar, who is politically aligned with the BJP, said that in PMC polls no political party takes part directly. \"But we have mustered the support of 20 like-minded councillors and the party will decide on the candidates for both the posts,\" he said.Vinay Kumar Pappu, the outgoing deputy mayor, has opposed the candidature of Imam for the top post a second time. \"Electing Afzal will again not be a wise decision as he has disappointed people and failed to perform properly,\" he said. Pappu has also organized a United Parshad Morcha which claims to have the support of 40 councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13652131", "title": "Forest minister in Tadoba today", "text": "Chandrapur: Forest minister Patangrao Kadam will also visit Chandrapur on Wednesday. He will reach Chandrapur at 11.30 am and head for Gondmohadi, where two tigers were trapped in steel trap, in Palasgaon range. Later, he would hold a meeting with forest and police officers at the rest house inside Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve. While he is expected to take stock of investigations related to poaching of Palasgaon and Borda tigers, he will also review the developments in rehabilitation of TATR villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13661713", "title": "Muthuraman receives accolades from Rajini", "text": "Director turned Producer Lingusamy arranged a special screening of Balaji Sakthivel's Vazhakku Enn 18/9 for Superstar Rajinikanth recently.The Superstar was floored by the narration and the nativity of the characters in the movie. The impressed actor praised Balaji Sakthivel's daring and bold effort and lauded Lingusamy on presenting a master piece to Tamil audience. The actor seemed to be impressed on the performance of debutants, most specifically Muthuraman. The debut actor who played the role of a cop, received accolades from the superstar for his naturalistic performance. On the whole, the superstar praised the crew of Vazhakku Enn 18/9 for giving a much needed movie for the present generation.Vazhakku Enn 18/9 which was released in the first week of May has been well received by the audience and is declared a hit with positive response from movie buffs and critics.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13654431", "title": "'Government has failed to handle economy'", "text": "VARANASI: Demanding roll back of petroleum price hike senior BJP leader and chairman of Public Account Committee Murli Manohar Joshi accused the central government of its failure in handling the economy. \"The economy is almost on the verge of collapse, and if it continues, the 1991 like situation can emerge in the country,\" said Joshi.Talking to media persons here on Tuesday, Joshi described the central government as paralytic and said, \"Only an astrologer can say when this government will fall, but one thing is quite clear that it is motionless\". \"It seems that the Prime Minister has no freedom in taking any decision,\" he said adding that the government's model of economy was wrong and far away from the realistic situation.He further stated that despite the wide criticism of the increased petrol price the government was stuck to its decision.All the allies of NDA extended their support to the BJP's proposed nationwide bandh on May 31 in protest against the price hike in petroleum price, he said and added that the left parties and Samajwadi Party would also support the bandh.tnnJoshi said that it was argued that the hike in petrol price was due to the hike in the price of crude oil in international market. But, in last one year there was no increase in price of crude oil, he said and added that the price of petroleum product did not depend solely on the price of crude oil, but the other factors like taxes also determined the petroleum price. \"It is strange that the central government is not ready to reduce petroleum taxes but insists the state governments to do so,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652234", "title": "Engineering college at Vani Vihar from current session", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is official. Utkal University will start an engineering college in the self-financed mode on its campus from the current academic session. The Syndicate, the apex decision-making body of the varsity, on Tuesday gave its go ahead for the proposed Utkal University College of Engineering. A special session was conducted to deliberate on the proposed technical wing.University registrar Debendra Nath Jena said the college will offer BTech degree in computer science, communication science and another subject. The Syndicate authorized vice-chancellor P K Sahoo to name the third discipline after a market survey as early as possible. \"Discussions were held on at least three possible courses. The VC will come out with the best course taking into account the market demand and relevance for this region soon,\" the registrar said.The college will also offer MTech in two disciplines: computer science and knowledge engineering. BTech disciplines will have an intake capacity of 60 each, totaling 180, while the M Tech will admit 60 students, 30 each in the two categories.Jena said the varsity will select students for BTech from Odisha joint entrance examination (OJEE) pool by giving 40% weightage to OJEE scores, 40% to career and 20% to group discussion and personal interaction (GDPI).A sub-committee has been assigned to workout eligibility criteria for admission into MTech, the registrar said. A core committee involving members from other technical institutions have been constituted to workout the relevant syllabus and other minute details, he said. The fee structure of the courses will be as approved by the government for self-financed courses.The college will function from the Master of Computer Application ( MCA) and University Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences (UDPS) buildings. The central public works department (CPWD) has been renovating the buildings to accommodate the upcoming college. \"We will use the existing infrastructure initially before the college gets its own infrastructure,\" the registrar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13655923", "title": "Unfinished flyover proves a pain", "text": "HYDERABAD: Under construction for more than five years now, the one-km-long flyover between Kukatpally and Hi-Tec City was initiated to ease traffic congestion and save commuting time for hundreds of employees of IT firms, but is doing just the opposite. Thanks to this project which is progressing at snails pace, the commuters are being put through harrowing times, especially in the mornings and evenings.The inconvenience starts right near the fourth phase of Kukatpally housing board where the flyover begins. The road from this point till the next one kilometer towards Madhapur is not only narrow and filled with uneven texture but has many bottlenecks.B Rohith, a resident of Kukatpally who works for a software firm in Gachibowli, said \"Though my shift starts at around 10 am, I start early because the traffic is bad. There have been times when it has taken me more than half an hour to just travel a distance of 1 km. The road under the railway bridge is a nightmare as hardly a car and a bike can pass through it simultaneously. For years, employees like me have been eagerly waiting for the bridge to become a reality, but nothing of that sort happens even as traffic density keeps increasing on this stretch.\"Moving over traffic issues, safety of the commuters and pedestrians on this road is a major concern as this stretch has been witnessing many major and minor accidents of late. Huge construction screens that have been put up have added to their woes. \"Many accidents occur because the screens block the view when a vehicle is taking a perpendicular turn and ends up ramming into another vehicle coming from another direction.\"Apart from that, the locals also complain that regular movement of lorries carrying construction material is a big nuisance. \"These lorries drive at high speeds and enter narrow roads causing great inconvenience,\" said P Madhu, a resident of the area. The rubble and other construction materials are also dumped on the corners of these roads quite negligently posing a threat to the motorists.Officials at the HMDA, however, say all these problems will be a thing of the past as the bridge will be completed soon. \" Project was delayed due to various reasons and one of them is a small stretch passing over the railway track. There were some hurdles with the railways but it has been sorted out. The bridge should be ready in about five months. The construction is complete except for that stretch which passes over the tracks.\" said V Madhwaraja, chief engineer, HMDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13654091", "title": "Study to check groundwater salinity", "text": "MUMBAI: Waking up to the indiscriminate use of groundwater , the BMC has appointed Pune-based organization Groundwater Survey and Development Authority (GSDA )to study the effects of the excessive extraction of groundwater .The proposal worth Rs 29 lakh was passed by the standing committee .However , experts feel that such one-off studies are not going tobenefitthecity.For the nexttwo years ,GSDA will regularly test samples of groundwater from M-E ast (Chembur ) and P-S outh (Malad ) wards .Itwillstudy thechangein concentration of salt in the water and soil and suggest remedies ,if any. Civic officials say that the idea behind sanctioning the proposal is to study the effect of the BMC policies , which made digging bore well for non-potable consumption mandatory. In 2002,theBMChadissued a circular suggesting that residential buildings should dig a bore well for non-potable consumption (gardening , washing clothes). The bore well would be delivering 45 litre water per person every day. The policy was once again reinforced in 2009 , when the city was reeling under water scarcity after a poor monsoon . Due to this policy , 525 bore wells and 89 ring wells came up in the city in thelastthree years.Speaking to TOI, Rahul Shewale , chairman , standing committee , \"We have observed that there has been indiscriminate and unplanned extraction of groundwater in the last few years . We areworriedthatthesalinity of the water will increase . Not just that , but at this rate , the surfacetemperaturewill alsoincrease . GSDA has been asked to study andsuggest remediestobe implementedby thecivicbody .\"Experts say that since the city is surrounded by the sea , salts are naturally present in both the soils and groundwater systemsin thecity .Interestingly , the civic body did notconduct a proper groundwater mapping before coming up with the policies of digging borewells . \"Suchone-off studies will not help . What is required is a sustained study that will help form a proper conclusion . The study should be done by the BMC's environmental laboratory on a long-term basis . They need to come up with a groundwater mapping , which would help in proper analysis . Rising salinity andcorroding buildings cannotbeco-relatedunless a sustained study is conducted by the civicbody ,\" saidRishiA ggarwal , an environmentalist .1,027 wells repairedT he BMC, which had banned the use of well water in the past, has now repaired 1,027 large wells and constructed 48 ring wells. It has also fitted filtration plants at several wells to make water potable. Maximum nu mber of bore wells is in western suburbs followed by the eastern suburbs and then the island city. There are 1,600 wells in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649955", "title": "Casual drug users not criminals", "text": "MUMBAI: A father waited anxiously at a psychoanalyst's suburban clinic a few months ago as his son's test reports were sent in. When the results were finally revealed, tears welled up in his eyes. His teenage son had tested positive for consuming a party drug. The father felt concern but also fear: did this make his child a criminal; would he have to face the stringent laws meant to tackle drug trafficking.The psychoanalyst comforted the father and assured him that the son was not a criminal. The recent police raid on a Juhu hotel has highlighted the same concerns, with many questioning if a casual drug user should be tarred with the same brush as a hardened trafficker. Psychoanalyst Anjali Chhabria said there is a generational shift in the way most soft drugs, like cannabis, and some other illegal substances are viewed in metros.\"There is a rise in casual drug use, but addicts and occasional drug users cannot be treated as criminals,\" Chhabria said. Many doctors and lawyers emphasized the need to ease the morality attached with the issue of casual drug use. Legal experts said that Indian drug laws are modelled on international conventions, but they deviate on the point of making consumption an offence.\"Rather than imposing criminal punishment, it must be seen for what it is-a health issue,\" said Dr Harish Shetty. India's narcotic laws give a person caught with a small quantity of drugs (for personal consumption) one opportunity at rehabilitation. But is that one chance enough, asked a senior advocate. Lawyers said that worldwide there are examples of people who experiment with drugs in their younger days but do not turn into addicts. \"Should the law then not differentiate between a consumer and a trafficker and decriminalise casual drug use?\" said a lawyer. Said senior advocate Amit Desai: \"The wrath of the law must fall on the trafficker. Even a small peddler who forms the last link in the drug chain has to be dealt with strictly. But a person who uses drugs for personal consumption may be treated differently to rehabilitate and reform him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650105", "title": "Road may now get 2 trauma centres", "text": "MUMBAI: Who is to blame for sitting on the setting up of trauma centres with emergency medical response teams along the Mumbai-Pune expressway for 11 years? The project was planned when the e-way was commissioned in 2001 and had it been in place, the lives of nearly eight people could have been saved after Sunday's mishap.The state administration is now planning another centre with advanced ambulances and air ambulance facilities between Khalapur and Panvel, the stretch of expressway towards Mumbai. \"We have told engineers to study sites on this stretch too,\" a Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation Ltd (MSRDC) engineer told TOI.A week back, MSRDC had invited an expression of interest from medical institutions for setting up a centre with the air ambulance facility on the e-way stretch between Lonavala and Pune. \"Our plan to go in for only one trauma centre towards Pune needs to be altered by adding another towards Mumbai. Sunday's mishap is reason enough for such a facility,\" an MSRDC official said.Following the mishap which claimed 27 lives, officials with the state's transport and police departments admitted that trauma centres and well-equipped ambulances would have helped save eight to 10 lives easily. The nearest government hospital on the Mumbai side is Sion Hospital and in Pune, the nearest one is Sasoon. The golden hour to save lives is lost considering the distance and traffic after entering the cities.\"It was the first expressway experiment in the country. Planners had originally planned it and then thought of developing it later. The expressway was developed during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule. Since Congress-NCP government came to power in 1999, the expressway is waiting for the trauma centre facilities,\" a state administration source said.Transport activist Ajit Shenoy termed the delay as an example of utter negligence and incompetence. Transport expert Jagdeep Desai said the expressway's fourth service lane was narrow and not detached from the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652631", "title": "UP to get country's first night safari park", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday gave an in principle approval for setting up a 120-hectare night safari park near Gautam Budh Nagar University in Greater Noida. Approved by the Mulayam Singh government in 2005, the project was put on hold, allegedly because of a regime change in 2007, even though it had all requisite sanctions from the Supreme Court and the Central Zoo Authority.To be built through the public-private partnership (PPP) model, the first-of-its-kind safari park in India will be built in consultation with Singapore-based Bernard Harrison &amp; Friends, who have prepared a master plan for the project.In Tuesday's meeting between the consultants, acting High Commissioner of Singapore , Jonathan Tow, First Secretary, Economics, Chen Kah Mei, Akhilesh and UP's top bureaucrats, a decision was also taken to start the bidding process to identify a developer within the next two months. Though land will be provided by the government, the entire cost of the project will be borne by the private developer.Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta told TOI: \"We don't foresee any problems in acquiring the land because it is already earmarked as recreational green. In addition to Greater Noida, the CM has also said that a night safari park should also be set up on the outskirts of Lucknow, tentatively at Nawabganj or Kukrail.''On Tuesday, Akhilesh also constituted a committee headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani to monitor the progress and time-bound implementation of the safari project. Though Greater Noida Authority will be the partner agency to conduct the bidding process, IIDC Gupta, along with principal secretaries of the departments of housing, forests, tourism and environment will also be part of the implementation committee.To be made functional in simulated environment, safari will remain operational between 4pm and midnight round the year. With a total of 71 species of animals and 841 specimens, including 58 species of mammals, eight species of birds, three species of reptiles and two species of fish to be translocated to the safari, Gupta also said 40% animals will belong to the Indian sub-continent, while 60% will be imported from foreign locations. Ten per cent of the total 120 hectare space, he said, will also accommodate offices, ticket counters, restaurants and public utilities.According to present estimates, safari will service nearly 7,000 tourists, who will have a chance to see different animals like the lions of Tsavo and species from the Savannah grassland. Tourists will also be able to undertake an India Walking trail and an Amazon trail. The proposed safari park will also have an endangered species breeding centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13654026", "title": "Law on no tobacco shop near schools goes up in smoke", "text": "MUMBAI: Though rules prohibit the sale of tobacco products within 100 yards of educational institutes, survey conducted by an NGO has revealed that the regulation is being violated with impunity in the city. Of the 200 government and civic-run schools surveyed by the NGO, more than 60% had a tobacco-selling establishment within 100 yards.The survey, conducted by Salaam Bombay Foundation, found as many as 307 shops selling tobacco products operating within 100 yards of 122 institutes. What's more, 30% of these shops are illegal and do not have a licence. While most of these shops sell packaged food and soft drinks, they also stock tobacco products.Last month, the BMC issued a circular banning the sale of tobacco and tobacco products to minors and within 100 yards of educational institutes. The circular also said that licenses of shops advertising tobacco products will be revoked. The circular is meant to implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (COPTA) Act, which was passed in 2003.Devika Chadha, programme director of Salaam Bombay Foundation , said the vendors were informed about the rule two weeks prior to the survey. \"We started the survey on April 25 and it took us about a week to complete it. Despite the BMC's circular, tobacco and tobacco products are being sold near schools. In fact, most of the shops advertise the fact that they stock tobacco products.\"The survey found that in addition to permanent shops, many makeshift stalls (better knows as tapris) have come up in the vicinity of schools.Following the ban on advertising of gutka and cigarettes on shops, product owners have come up with innovative ways to grab eyeballs. \"Two shops near schools in Andheri had covered boards advertising cigarettes and gutka but were running slideshows on these products on a screen installed inside ,\" said Chadha.The BMC said it was in the process of sensitizing licensed vendors near schools about the rule and the harmful effects of tobacco . \"We had issued circulars to all educational and health officers as well as license inspectors to implement the law. All the licenses cannot be cancelled directly. We have given vendors and shopkeepers some time to stop the sale and advertisement of tobacco products . Our aim was to achieve this before the start of the new academic term, but this might not be possible . We need more time,\" said Dr Anil Bandiwadekar, executive health officer, BMC.Chew on thisNGO Salaam Bombay Foundation surveyed 200 government- and civic-run schools in the city It found 307 shops selling tobacco products within 100 yards of 122 institutes Of the 307 shops, 66% were permanent and 34% temporary 30% of these shops did not have a license Only 13% of the shops had put up boards warning about harmful effects of tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13654908", "title": "Parrikar won't provide housing to IPS officers", "text": "PANAJI: The sour relations between the state government and the Union home ministry over posting of IPS officers aggravated further with chief minister Manohar Parrikar deciding not to provide accommodation to newly posted IPS officers to Goa.\"There's a file on providing accommodation (to the new %officer) and I have refused to sign it,\" Parrikar told TOI on Tuesday.The chief minister has instructed chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava not to give a posting to IPS officer LV Prasad who has been transferred to Goa by the central government.\"If they can relieve an officer without our sanction, let them give the officer a posting,\" Parrikar said angrily, referring to IPS officer Ravindra Yadav who was relieved from the Goa police administration as DIG without his approval.Yadav was transferred last year but then chief minister Digambar Kamat, as well as his successor Parrikar, didn't want to relieve Yadav.Asked whether the state government will attempt to recall Yadav to Goa, Parrikar said the question didn't arise as, \"I have not signed his relieving order\".Prasad was posted to Goa by the Union home ministry after Yadav was relieved from the Goa administration. Some more IPS officers are being transferred to Goa but they are awaiting postings.The chief minister also said, \"I am calling for an immediate meeting of joint cadre management to discuss the issue.\" He added, \"I am a member of the joint cadre management authority but it must meet regularly.\"Meanwhile, the issue may be discussed at Wednesday's cabinet meeting, sources said, adding that the state government has written to the Union home ministry on the controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649754", "title": "Raw deal for corporations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hopes of the city's three fledgling municipal corporations were belied on Monday with the government allocating only Rs 5,863 crore - including a loan of Rs 1,831 crore - for them. The corporations, which were earlier promised financial assistance, instead got platitudes from the chief minister on efficient management of their finances.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's sermon to the corporations on the need to increase property tax and adopt other ways to boost revenue drew protests from members of the BJP. \"If the government can't provide financial aid to the corporations, the chief minister should not preach on how to run them,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"At the time of trifurcation, the Delhi government had assured the Union home ministry that the government would provide financial assistance. Loan is not financial aid. If we have to take a loan, we might take it from other government agencies that offer lower rates of interest.\"The CM suggested that the corporations should cut down their expenditure. But BJP councillors said expenditure has tripled due to trifurcation. \"The CM should make up her mind. How can we cut down on expenditure when all services and posts have been tripled? The government went ahead with the trifurcation in an unplanned manner and now we are suffering,'' said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the standing committee, South corporation.While Dikshit attacked the erstwhile BJP-led MCD for not utilizing the money under the 'incentive grant fund' earmarked for it, BJP said the government was not releasing the funds. \"The government owed Rs 2,300 crore (approx) to the MCD. It still has not released the amount,'' said Annapurna Mishra, mayor of East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Chandolia said, \"We had written to the Delhi government on several occasions to release MCD's share of global funds and other grants. But they are not ready to release the amount. The CM should stop fooling people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664367", "title": "Dhoni gets busy with his Hellcat", "text": "While Rozyln Khan might have gone topless for Dhoni post-IPL, Captain Cool isn't interested in such acts. He is instead busy with his new love. And guess what that is? It's a Hellcat that he got for himself when he was in Delhi in April.Though the IPL loss might have come as a blow, Dhoni has moved on from talking about the defeat. Recently, he posted two photos of his \"unusual\" bike that got all his fans talking.Says a source, \"Dhoni is obsessed with bikes and it doesn't come as a surprise that he has made another addition to his list of mean machines. Dhoni is the first person in South East Asia to have a X132 Hellcat. It costs him 49,500 USD (Rs. 27,55,976.85). Dhoni is in Delhi now and will be taking this bike to Ranchi. He imported this bike during the IPL season. Now that the IPL is over, he will have time to tame his Hellcat.\"For those not in the loop, David Beckham has a limited edition F131 Hellcat Combat motorcycle.Says Dhoni's brother-in-law Gautam Gupta, \"Dhoni has 11 bikes in Ranchi. He has two others in Chennai and two more in Mumbai. He has nine cars and all of them are in Ranchi. Dhoni is expected to return to his hometown on June 10. We haven't had any discussion regarding this Hellcat.\"Ask Gautam how his family has reacted to a model going topless for Dhoni after the IPL and he says, \"We have neither seen such photos nor are we interested in them. Such acts of going topless smack of cheap publicity. Dhoni isn't interested in all that.\"Celebs and their bikesBrad Pitt: Ducati Desmosedici RR, Ducati Monster 696 and Harley-Davidson choppers.David Beckham: F131 Hellcat Combat motorcycle.Tom Cruise: Desmosedici RR.Arnold Schwarzenegger: Harley Davidson Fatboy FLSTF model.George Clooney: Harley Davidson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13652829", "title": "Ankita loves flaunting her Gucci", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Anands of Rajguru Nagar love to splurge on Gucci, their two-month-old silver Persian cat. Ankita, an animal lover since childhood, brought home the furry creature. A fashion designer, the 26-year-old said she couldn't think of a better name than Gucci for her pretty pet.\"Before Gucci, I had another cat. When she passed away, I decided to get another one and began my search online. That's when I found out about this silver Persian cat that I purchased from Ludhiana.'' The proud owner added, \"Gucci's beauty lies in her soft white coat.\"The cat, said Ankita, usually remains unperturbed and is peace loving. 'But she can be naughty too... she loves playing with me and often nibbles on my fingers,' the young designer added.With heat taking its toll on everybody, a concerned Ankita added, \"Summer has made Gucci lethargic. She loves lazing around in the air-conditioned room. But I have bought a toy rat for Gucci to keep her engrossed and active.\" The pet lover takes special care of Gucci's diet. \"I give her double toned milk as it's easy to digest. I am also very particular about her grooming. Ankita also loves to flaunt her companion online to friends and family. \"My relatives always ask to see Gucci on Skype whenever I talk to them. My niece Tia adores her and gets very excited to see her,' Ankita said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651702", "title": "No sovereign immunity to marines: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Tuesday ruled that the two Italian naval guards arrested in connection with the February 15 killing of two Indian fishermen could be tried under the Indian law as they were not entitled to sovereign immunity.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh each on the marines - Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone. The dependents of the slain fishermen were also told to pay a penalty of Rs 10,000 for wasting the court's time by filing additional petitions as a \"pressure tactic\" to force an out-of-court settlement. The penalties were imposed while dismissing the marines' plea to quash the charges against them. The petitioners claimed that the incident had happened outside India's jurisdiction.The court accepted advocate-general K P Dandapani's contention that the Indian Criminal Procedure Code and IPC were applicable in the incident as the Centre had brought contiguous and exclusive economic zones under the purview of Indian laws in August 1981.As the crime was committed within the Indian territory, passive nationality principle would be applicable, the bench observed. The passive nationality principle gave the government the right to try an accused for an offence committed in the region.\"The marines are liable to the penal jurisdiction of Indian courts and the state government was right in registering a case and proceeding with the investigation,\" the court ruled.Dismissing the marines' argument that they were discharging the sovereign function of Italy, the court observed that they were not sailing in a government-owned vessel. The marines were on private contract aboard Enrica Lexie, which was recently allowed to leave Kochi.The court also pointed out the lack of records to prove the shooting was ordered by the ship's captain or the marines' supervisor at the navy. \"It has to be inferred that they did it at their own whim. By no stretch of imagination can it be held that the shooting was an act in exercise of sovereign function. It's neither an action in defence of the state nor one in defence of the vessel but a private, illegal, and criminal act.\"Responding to Italy's claim that the marines would be tried for murder in that country, the bench observed that Italy had not made any effort to ascertain the truth. It had only made a request for some documents.\"Even if any investigation has been launched in Italy, it seems to be proceeding at a snail's pace. All these, along with the absence of a request to extradite the marines, show that there is total lack of bona fide in the argument that the marines would be prosecuted in Italy,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650189", "title": "CM to decide chief secretary\u2019s fate today", "text": "MUMBAI: A day before retirement, uncertainty prevails over an extension to chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad. Gaikwad, an IAS officer of the 1975 batch, informed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan that he was not keen on an extension. But if the CM insists, he will have no option but continue to head the state bureaucracy. \"So far no decision has been taken. Chavan will have a word with Gaikwad and take a decision on Wednesday,\" a senior bureaucrat told ToI on Tuesday.If the government decides to take it up with the Centre, it will be a difficult task, as it will have to give a justification.If Gaikwad does not get extension, others are in for consideration. \"Seniority is never the criteria while appointing a chief secretary, it's the CM's prerogative,\" he said.Rajeev Agarwal, secretary to the Government of India, is the senior-most bureaucrat; in fact, he is even senior to Gaikwad. He is followed by state pollution control board chairman J S Sahani, additional chief secretary Anna Dani, additional chief secretary (public health) J K Bandhia, state election commission secretary Chand Goel, additional chief secretary (school education) J S Saharia and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. Since the CM is keen on a minimum tenure of a year, he may not consider Agarwal, Sahani, Dani and Goel, who retire this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13652015", "title": "Ring-ing freedom for women", "text": "'NuvaRing', an intra-vaginal contraceptive, introduced about a year back is proving to be popular among women. It is an extremely convenient contraceptive that not only relieves women from the hassle of remembering to take a pill daily but also could be used it discreetly even without the knowledge of the partner.Doctors claim NuvaRing has almost no side-effects compared to other oral as well as injectable contraceptives and has nearly 98.5% efficacy and safety. Being a hormone, it prevents ovulation or the formation of an egg in the ovary but does not hinder the menstrual cycle as it is removed after three weeks of insertion. Its only limiting factor is the high cost (Rs 600-800).\"Young, educated and economically independent women are accepting the contraceptive due to its easy use and high protection. It does not require any medical supervision for insertion. The woman can herself do it. Doctors can demonstrate it once. Since it gets placed in the upper and deep portion of vagina, there is no chance of it slipping out,\" said Dr Ujjwala Deshmukh, senior obstetrician and gynaecologist and former president of Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (NOGS).The major advantage is minimal dose of hormones it releases daily compared to oral pills and injectables like Depo-Provera. Also, continuous release of the hormone makes it very effective. Deshmukh adds that women feared oral contraceptive because of the side effects like vascular thrombosis or clotting of blood in vessels owing to high quantity of oestrogen released by them.Once inserted, the drug coated ring protects from unwanted pregnancy for a month. The ring does not cause any discomfort to woman or man during intercourse. It releases just 15 microgram of oestrogen (ethinylestradiol or EE) and 120 micrograms of progesterone (etnogestrel) hormones per day against as high as 100-150 micrograms in oral medicine. The ring has to be inserted on the fifth day of the menstruation and removed on the 21st day to give way for monthly periods. However, in case a woman forgets to remove the ring it can be kept for another 3-5 days. After that, it becomes ineffective and the woman can get pregnant.Dr Anita Singh, a senior practitioner who has been advising the use of NuvaRing for over a year to her patients, says that almost the entire class that can afford it is switching to it. Women, especially coming home to parents for delivery from developed and rich countries are opting for it. Many of them buy it from India as it is much costlier in places like Singapore and Dubai . \"It is the best contraceptive for the young (22-25 years) college going or working but unmarried women who are sexually active. The first effort on doctor's part must to educate them about complications of premarital sex but they cannot be refused a contraceptive merely because they are indulging in so-called unethical sex. They also must to be told about sexually transmitted diseases and need to use a barrier contraceptive (condom) along with NuvaRing. Married women, however, need not insist on condom use,\" explained Dr Singh.Another physician Dr Rupeshri Bhoyar feels it can't be used by every woman even if she can afford it. \"It's wonderful, no doubt. But one needs to be educated enough to be well-versed with the anatomy of female body to use it properly,\" she said. Most of her patients, both married and unwed working women, prefer it during travel or holidays. Another advantage NuvaRing offers for women with irregular menstruation is regularizing the cycle allowing her to predict correctly the onset and the end of periods. Above all, it reduces bleeding in such women to a large extent. Dr Bhoyar is able to offer the contraceptive to 6-8 patients monthly, a relatively big number.Normally any drug, oral or injectable, gets into the blood stream from the digestive tract and has an effect on liver. The doctors explain that in NuvaRing's case, hormones are released from the vagina (which has a very rich supply of blood vessels) to other parts of the body. It thus bypasses the liver minimizing risk to the vital organ.advantages* Can be used by women of all ages* Easy to insert and remove. Requires no medical supervision* Made of smooth and non absorbent polymer that does not allow any bacterial growth and doesn't cause infections* Does not cause any inconvenience inside the body* It is very effective as there are no fluctuations in hormone levels* It completely inhibits ovulation or egg formation in ovary for three weeks* Maintains excellent menstrual cycle control even in women with irregular cycle and also reduces associated pain* It does not interfere in digestive system and bypasses liver protecting it from damage* Side-effects like headache , nausea, mood swings, irritability, breast tenderness, water retention are less* No effect on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism and so no increase in low density cholesterol* No adverse local affect on vagina or cervix of uterus.* Does not affect other vital organs like heart , liver, kidney etc.* It does not affect the intercourse in any wayDisadvantages* Contra-indicated for women with history of arterial or venous clotting, resistance to anti-thrombotic drugs, history of migraine with focal neurologic symptoms, diabetics with vascular involvement, history of pancreatitis, liver disease, benign or malignant tumours, known or suspected pregnancy and known or suspected hormone influenced malignancies or cancers of breast or genitalia* Risk of arterial clotting should be weighed against the advantages* Can't be given to pregnant or lactating women* Can't be given to women with severe constipation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652393", "title": "Lodging of police complaint is not defamation, says HC", "text": "PANAJI: In a case seeking action against a complainant for allegedly filing a false FIR that was published in a newspaper, the high court of Bombay at Goa held that there is no offence of defamation merely by lodging a complaint with the police.Justice U V Bakre observed thus: \"Police are the authorities before whom complaints for a criminal act against anyone can to be filed. Police have the authority to investigate into the said complaints. Therefore, merely by lodging a complaint with the police, no one may commit the offence of defamation.\"Laxman Malvankar had filed a second appeal before the high court against Reshma Narvekar and the editor of a local daily. The appellant had alleged that Narvekar had filed a false criminal complaint against him in the Bicholim police station that was published by the newspaper in 1993. Narvekar stated that the complaint filed was not false.The appellant's lawyer argued that \"until the police investigate the case and file a chargesheet and the accused is convicted by the court, the allegations in the complaint, if published in the press, can defame the accused\". The lawyer also contended that the newspaper should be held liable for defamation as the news was published without verification of the truth.While dismissing the appeal, the high court held that the publication only narrates some facts as in the police complaint and the news does not state that the contents of the complaint are true. The appellant has not produced any evidence to prove that the police, after investigation, found that the complaint was false and fabricated, the judge stated.Initially, a suit was filed against the defendants for recovery of a sum of 70,000 as compensation for lodging false complaint and for publication of libel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652499", "title": "Mancheswar firing victim skips test identification parade", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The call centre girl, who was shot at and injured in Mancheswar, has skipped test identification (TI) parades of the accused twice last week, triggering apprehension that she might turn hostile. Five men were arrested in this case.\"We arranged TI parades twice, seeking her appearance in jail to identify the accused, but she did not turn up citing health reasons. Earlier, she had kept mum whenever we tried to know about her enmity or family dispute with anyone,\" a senior police officer said on Tuesday. She was not available for comment.The victim, Namita Padhi (25), sustained bullet injury on her left calf after being shot by miscreants outside her office on April 13. The motive of the attack is still a mystery, even though police suspected that she was targeted due to some financial dispute.Police suspected that the firing incident was sequel of a similar incident in which the husband of Namita's elder sister Sanjay Mishra was shot at and injured in Sastri Nagar here on April 9, 2011. Another relative of Namita was allegedly attacked with acid in Mancheswar in October last year.The three incidents assumed significance after police found the involvement of Khirod Mallick, brother of former minister Pramila Mallick, in the cases. Mallick, chairman of Biswa (an NGO), got anticipatory bail the Mancheswar firing, but was remanded in judicial custody on May 24 in the acid attack case. Though police took him on three-day remand for questioning, he did not tell anything.On Tuesday, Mallick heaved a sigh of relief after a lower court here granted him bail in connection with the acid attack and Sastri Nagar firing incidents. \"The additional sessions judge granted him bail on two sureties of Rs 20,000 in the two cases,\" Khirod's lawyer Dharanidhar Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652037", "title": "Failure to pass BSc drives youth to suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed that he couldn't clear his BSc exam, a 25-year-old youth hanged himself from the ceiling fan of his residence in Yelahanka.The suicide of N Murali, 25, came to light on Tuesday morning when his mother, Mangalagowriamma, who had gone to her hometown in Andhra Pradesh , returned to their duplex house in B Sector of Yelahanka. She found the decomposed body of her son hanging from a fan on the second floor.\"Murali had dropped his mother at the railway station on May 26. The neighbours didn't know anything as the body was hanging in a room on the second floor of the house. Murali's father died some years ago, and only he and his mother were staying in the house. His mother told us he was depressed over his failure to complete his science degree,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649641", "title": "Bhopal: Enough water in Upper Lake", "text": "BHOPAL: Time to stop worrying about shrinking water level in the Upper Lake owing to extreme weather conditions. Bhopal will have plenty of potable water till the monsoon hits the city.By 2013 summer, construction of more than 60 overhead tanks would be completed as a part of the network for the supply of Narmada water.This will decrease the dependence of the city on the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir for its water needs, say Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"The summer of 2013 will be quite comfortable for the residents of Bhopal. Even if the rain is below average this monsoon, the city will have enough water with the completion of the construction work of more than 62 overhead tanks being built in various parts of the city.\"Regional meteorological department director DP Dubey says, \"Normal monsoon has been predicted for this year as well. Bhopal should expect to get its share of 109 cm of rainfall.\"The present level of the Upper Lake is about 1658 feet ( its maximum level is 1666.8 feet) and water table for Kolar reservoir stands at about 442.33 meters ( full reservoir level is 462 metre).\"After work on tanks will be over in another three months, the corporation will increase the intake of water from Narmada. This will help us reduce the pressure of drawing water from the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir,\" the BMC commissioner said.In all there are about 110 such overhead tanks are to be constructed.The commissioner also said the corporation would draw water up to 185 million gallon per day (mgd) from Narmada, which is its maximum capacity after the construction of tanks is over. At present, the BMC is withdrawing only 10 mgd of water from Narmada.Even if the monsoon gets delayed, residents of Bhopal need not to lose their sleep. The water bodies here have sufficient water to quench the thirst of the residents till August this year, say BMC officials.The corporation is withdrawing 20 mgd from the Upper Lake, 10 mgd from Narmada, and 34 mgd from Kolar and 5 mgd from other sources, including tube-wells, hand-pumps and wells.The city had a bad rainfall in 2010 when the monsoon figure was only 91 cm and it was followed by water crisis in next year's summer. However, last year, good rainfall- about 127 cm- lead to enough water accumulation in the Bada Talaab and the Kolar reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651579", "title": "Patna University academic council approves admission test", "text": "PATNA: The academic council of Patna University (PU) on Tuesday approved the new regulations for admitting students to all its degree courses on the basis of a written test.The academic council, at its meeting held under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, approved that each college would hold its own entrance test for selecting candidates for admission to the undergraduate courses. The revised regulations would have to be approved by the chancellor for their implementation.The new regulations provide for an entrance test of 100 marks. The test will consist of objective type questions, each carrying one mark. While the candidates seeking admission to science courses would have to take general knowledge and aptitude test of 40 marks, along with the science subjects' test of 60 marks, those seeking admission to arts and commerce courses would have to take the general knowledge and aptitude test of 60 marks and subjects' test of 40 marks only. The test would be held on OMR sheets.Patna Science College principal A K Sinha and B N College principal P K Poddar said the entrance test would be held on different dates in different colleges so that the aspirants may take the test in more than one college. But, the entrance test for all the courses in one college would be held on the same date. The entrance test would be held between July 2 and 7 for admission to Patna College, Patna Science College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13660725", "title": "Allu Sirish\u2019s \u201cGauravam\u201d from June 18", "text": "After a lot of dilly dallying, finally, Allu Sirish is going to make his on-screen debut as hero with \"Gauravam\" film. Yami Gautam, who had earlier acted in Ravi Babu's \"Nuvvila\", will be sharing the screen space with Allu Sirish in this film, which starts from June 18 in Mysore.Initially, the makers contemplated roping in Amala Paul for the leading lady role but eventually finalized Yami Gautam after the success of her recent Bollywood film \"Vicky Donor\". SS Thaman is composing the music for this bilingual film, which will be simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil. Prakash Raj is producing the film under Duet Movies banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13661196", "title": "Peter Carl Faberg\u00e9's 166th birthday: Google pays tribute with a colourful doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google doodle today celebrates 166th birthday of Russian jeweller Peter Carl Faberge. He is best known for his glistening Easter eggs made by using precious gemstones and metals.Little surpising then that Google doodle today has set of six eggs decorated with gold, diamonds, precious metals and gemstones.Faberge (May 30, 1846 - September 24, 1920) was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia , into a family of Baltic German jeweller.Little is known about his educational background. But reports say that Peter Carl might have undertaken a course at the Dresden Arts and Crafts School. To achieve more perfection in his passion Peter Carl took lessons from creative and much revered goldsmiths of his time in France, Germany and England. He also attended a course at Schloss's Commercial College in Paris , and spent lot of time in museums and galleries of Europe.Besides his education, he was also guided by his father's workmaster Hiskias Pendin for several years who also acted as his mentor. He was married to Augusta Julia Jacobs.In 1882, Hiskias Pendin passed away and the entire responsibility for running the business was up on Peter Carl Faberge.In 1885, for his superb craftsmanship Tsar Alexander III awarded the House of Faberge the title 'Goldsmith by special appointment to the Imperial Crown'.Of his many works, one of his pieces was a replica of a 4th century BC gold bangle from the Scythian Treasure in the Hermitage which Tsar found it hard to distinguish from the original. His works were examples of exceptional contemporary Russian craftsmanship.Carl Faberge died on September 24, 1920, in exile in Switzerland .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656017", "title": "'Quota struck down due to weak case'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Asaduddin Owaisi has described the high court judgment striking down the 4.5% sub quota for minorities within 27 per cent OBC reservations as an erroneous legal judgment and said that Muslims should now challenge reservations for backward classes.Speaking to mediapersons here on Tuesday, the Hyderabad MP slammed the judgment and said it failed to appreciate the need for reservations. Criticizing the Centre for presenting a weak case in court, Owaisi said the assistant solicitor general fighting the case for the government failed to produce crucial empirical data. \"This reflects the government's casual approach. The Prime Minister should take the matter seriously. Couldn't the government have sent the attorney general instead like they had in the Wakf-Lanco Hills case? The government also failed to implement the Ranganath Mishra committee recommendations,\" he said.Owaisi noted that it was the responsibility of the Union government to ensure 4.5% quota for minorities. \"Minorities should not lose admissions in IITs and IIMs and in staff selection in railways,\" he added. He questioned why backwardness of Muslims was not accepted when 93 castes were declared backward in 1985 on 'half page recommendations' while numerous reports, running into 'hundreds of pages' detailing the socio-economic backwardness of Muslims, were available. He added that the government wasn't taking a clear stand on the quota because it didn't want to antagonize the BC vote bank. \"The largest number of people living in rented accommodations along with dalits are Muslims. The literacy rate of Muslims is 59% when the average literacy rate of India stands at 65%. Are these indicators of backwardness insufficient? Muslims must now challenge the BC quota,\" he said.\"The order says that there is no homogeneity between minority communities. If that is the case, then there is no homogeneity between Yadavas and Kurmas.\" Describing reservations as central to the welfare and development of minorities, Owaisi demanded that the central government appeal against the judgment and approach the apex court for a stay order. \"Reservations have greatly helped Muslims and they, like other minorities, cannot get their share of employment without reservation. The agenda of Muslims throughout India has changed. Now they want security and development. They will not vote for any government which cannot provide them with this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13667799", "title": "50-year cholera mystery unravelled", "text": "For 50 years scientists have been uncertain about how the bacteria, which causes cholera, manages to resist one of our basic innate immune responses.That mystery has now been solved, thanks to research from biologists at The University of Texas at Austin .The answers may help clear the way for a new class of antibiotics that don't directly shut down pathogenic bacteria such as V. cholerae, but instead disable their defenses so that our own immune systems can do the killing.Every year cholera afflicts millions of people and kills hundreds of thousands, predominantly in the developing world. The infection causes profuse diarrhoea and vomiting. Death comes from severe dehydration.\"If you understand the mechanism, the bacterial target, you're more likely to be able to design an effective antibiotic,\" said Stephen Trent, associate professor of molecular genetics and microbiology and lead researcher on the study.The bacterium's defense, which was unmasked this month in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, involves attaching one or two small amino acids to the large molecules, known as endotoxins, that cover about 75 per cent of the bacterium's outer surface.\"It's like it's hardening its armor so that our defenses can't get through,\" said Trent.Trent said that these tiny amino acids simply change the electrical charge on that outer surface of the bacteria. It goes from negative to neutral.That's important because the molecules we rely on to fight off such bacteria, which are called cationic antimicrobial peptides (CAMPs), are positively charged. They can bind to the negatively charged surface of bacteria, and when they do so, they insert themselves into the bacterial membrane and form a pore. Water then flows through the pore into the bacterium and pops it open from the inside, killing the harmful bacteria.It's an effective defense, which is why these CAMPs are ubiquitous in nature (as well as one of the main ingredients in over-the-counter antibacterial ointments such as Neosporin).However, when the positively charged CAMPs come up against the neutral V. cholerae bacteria, they can't bind. They bounce away, and we're left vulnerable.V. cholerae can then invade our intestines and turn them into a kind of factory for producing more cholera, in the process rendering us incapable of holding onto fluids or extracting sufficient nutrients from what we eat and drink.\"It pretty much takes over your normal flora,\" said Trent.Trent insisted that scientists have known for some time that the strain of V. cholerae responsible for the current pandemic in Haiti and elsewhere is resistant to these CAMPs. It's that resistance that is likely responsible, in part, for why the current strain displaced the strain that was responsible for previous pandemics.\"It's orders of magnitude more resistant,\" said Trent.Now that Trent and his colleagues understand the mechanism behind this resistance, they hope to use that knowledge to help develop antibiotics that can disable the defense, perhaps by preventing the cholera bacteria from hardening their armour. If that happened, our CAMPs could do the rest of the work.Trent says the benefits of such an antibiotic would be considerable. It might be effective against not just cholera but a range of dangerous bacteria that use similar defenses.And because it disarms but doesn't kill the bacteria outright, as traditional antibiotics do, it might take longer for the bacteria to mutate and evolve resistance in response to it.\"If we can go directly at these amino acids that it uses to protect against us, and then allow our own innate immune system to kill the bug, there could be less selection pressure,\" he added.Trent's lab is now screening for compounds that would do precisely that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650719", "title": "High court stays VAT order against Emaar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday stayed the Delhi government's decision to impose over Rs 314 crore as VAT on realtor Emaar MGF, which built the 2010 CWG Village here.A division bench of HC stayed the Delhi government's February 13 order and said \"no coercive action would be taken by the government against it (Emaar)\" till August 3, 2012, the next date hearing of the case. The Trade and Taxes department of the government has issued an order for 2008-10, demanding over Rs 314 crore as VAT from Emaar MGF over the sale of the Games Village flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "13651402", "title": "TMC edgy over new Jangalmahal outfit", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Some who fought the CPM - the then ruling party - alongside Trinamool Congress in Jangalmahal as members of the Maoist-backed Jana Jagaran Mancha joined the Trinamool when Mamata Banerjee came to power a year ago. However, those who didn't have now started regrouping under the umbrella organization Rashtriya Janadhikar Suraksha Party (RJSP), which has already fielded a candidate in the forthcoming assembly bypolls and is targeting the coming panchayat election.The emergence of such as an organization, which claims to be more of a human rights body, and its intention to contest elections has caught the attention of the ruling Trinamool Congress. The party has come up with a mixed response on this political development. Although RJSP chief whip Debkumar Chatterjee, who flaunts a sizeable following in north Bengal and parts of Bankura, West Midnapore and East Midnapore, said he had not faced any opposition from the Trinamool in Cooch Behar, Trinamool MP from Tamluk Subhendu Adhikary saw this organization as a front of some of the banned outfit.\"Some of the banned outfits are trying to strike back. It is they who have floated a panel under the garb of human rights organization. We are keeping a keen watch on them and won't spare them if they engage in anti-national and subversive activities,\" Adhikary said.However, Chatterjee introduced himself as a fellow traveller of Mamata Banerjee 10 years back when she was the lone Trinamool MP from the state. \"I had talks with Mamata and also exchanged letters with her. Things have changed now. This Mamata Banerjee is not the one I met when she was a firebrand street fighter. I don't blame her, she has her political compulsions as well. But we don't support the way her administration has been addressing human rights issues and also the women rights that we have been fighting for. We don't have any links with the Maoists, we don't subscribe the ideology either. But we strongly believe that the government is not keeping up with the promises it made before it came to power,\" Chatterjee said.Mainstream human rights bodies like the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) has not participated in the new party that has already roped in Amnesty International , India Chapter and Peace Worldwide in the initiative. When asked about his opinion on the perception that radical Left parties often use such fronts, Chatterjee said, \"Ours is a human rights organization mainly giving free legal assistance to the victims and working on women rights. But we found to our dismay that on most occasions the government doesn't act upon the recommendations of the Human Rights Commission. This prompted us to float a party and participate in elections so that we can change the order.\"Floated in 2011, the RSJP has silently made forays in the Dooars and Terai areas in Birpara and Falakata in north Bengal where the Naxalites had a presence and also in parts of West Midnapore from Daspur to parts of Jangalmahal close to Bankura where it targets men who were once with the Maoist-backed Jana Jagaran Mancha. In north Bengal, the party is working in tandem with the Adivasi Vikas Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13651427", "title": "'MP ajab hai', biggest Narmada defaulter owes state Rs 2,800 crore", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government, in a report handed over to the Narmada Control Authority (NCA), has said that the three neighbouring states - Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan - have still not submitted Rs 4,542.92 crore as expenses for the Narmada project to Gujarat. Of this, the highest share is that of the BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh, Rs 2,807.66 crore, followed by Maharashtra (Rs 1,310.68 crore) and Rajasthan (Rs 424.60 crore).These figures find mention in the 'Status Report on Sardar Sarovar Project', prepared by the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL), the main implementing agency for the Narmada project. Submitted in October 2011, the status report was updated by the SSNNL on May 9, 2012. The report divide spending amount by the three states into \"disputed\" and \"undisputed\" category. Madhya Pradesh tops the list in the \"disputed share\" category with Rs 2,386 crore.Details of the expenditure incurred on the Narmada project, which Gujarat claims to be its lifeline, as on May 9, 2012, suggest that, so far, Rs 34,841.72 crore has been spent on the project. Of this, while Rs 22,647.79 crore have been spent on capital works such as the dam (which has reached 121.92 metres), the Narmada main canal (which has been completed), the hydro power units (which have also been installed),and the branches and distributaries, whose work is under progress.Rest of the amount - Rs 13,360.35 crore - is categorized as \"common expenditure\", which mainly (\"around Rs 12,000 crore\", to quote an official), includes interest on loan taken for the Narmada project. As for the rest, it is the amount spent on rehabilitating 46,457project affected families (PAFs), out of which the biggest chunk, 37,729,belong to Madhya Pradesh.Of the total amount spent on capital works, the biggest chunk, Rs 9,717.96 crore, has been spent on the Narmada canal's branches and distributaries. Yet, another Rs 16,600 crore may have to be spent for completing the canal network. \"The total cost of the project may touch Rs 60,000 crore\", a senior official said, adding, \"While the dam's completion will take another Rs 300 crore, the rest will go into canal networking, followed by Rs 2,000 crore as interest on loan over the next three years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13669013", "title": "Rachana dances with Allari Naresh", "text": "The song was recently shot at a pub in Hyderabad. The director of the film Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao, who's sure that the film will be an entertaining one says, \"It's a non-stop comedy and you'll see Allari Naresh giving a fantastic performance. We'll also be using few popular scenes from old films to make the film more interesting. Moreover, it's a film on current Telugu mass films.\" The movie is all set to release by the end of June and the audio will be out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664872", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to attend Gabbar Singh platinum disc function", "text": "Here is some great news for fans of Pawan Kalyan. The Power Star is going to make his first public appearance since the release of Gabbar Singh at the platinum disc function of the movie tomorrow at Park Hayatt in Hyderabad. The entire cast and crew of the film will be present at the event tomorrow. But Pawan Kalyan's presence at the event will easily be the highlight of the event. The actor is rarely seen promoting his movies after the release whether hit or flop. Infact the actor took off on a vacation soon after the release of Gabbar Singh and Shruti Haasan and director Harish Shankar went around TV studios to promote the film. Looks like producer Bandla Ganesh managed to convince the actor to make an exception this one time. Whatever the reason, everyone will be eager to hear what the actor has to say about the success of Gabbar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652107", "title": "Pledging Utility Building inevitable, says Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Pushed to the wall over poor finances, the BBMP council on Tuesday approved a proposal to borrow Rs 1,000 crore from Hudco by pledging Utility Building. But BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda was at pains to explain it was not pledging the building.\"It's not pledging; we're using Utility Building as a title deposit which is a must while availing of loans from Hudco. This is called swapping of loans or restructuring loan amounts. We have taken government approval and it's being done as per the KMC Act. Else, BBMP will end up spending all its revenue paying interest on loans,\" he said.Stating that it was inevitable, he said: \"Not just us, even central and state governments have violated the fiscal deficit guidelines. We have no other choice. The loan will be spent to clear our outstandings with other financial institutions and therefore, it's productive. It won't be used for any infrastructure work,\" he said.Even as the commissioner was speaking, there was an uproar in the BBMP with Subhas Nagar corporator T Mallesh saying: \"One day, the state government will end up pledging Vidhana Soudha and BBMP will pledge its own headquarters on NR Square.''A local self-government can raise loan only up to 10% of its revenues, but BBMP has crossed this limit. Its outstanding amount is Rs 3,500 crore,\" said K Chandrashekar, Hanumanth Nagar corporator.145 subjects in 5 minsAmid pandemonium, the ruling party got its approval for 144 various subjects. These include payments to pourakarmikas only through cheques. BBMP failed to even distribute copies of approved subjects, claiming \"it was expensive to print several copies of the subject note that ran into 170 pages\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13649676", "title": "Homebuyers to stage dharna on June 8", "text": "NOIDA: The promise given to Noida Extension homebuyers about clearance to the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 on May 29 turned out to be another damp squib. Buyers have now decided that they will stage a dharna in front of the planning board on June 8 to pressure them into clearing the plan.Since the October 21 verdict of the Allahabad high court, buyers have been promised time and again that construction work would resume once the planning board approves the Master Plan. This month itself, three dates had been promised to them - May 15, 22 and 29.Meanwhile, sources in Greater Noida Authority say that construction will have to wait till legal cases are cleared. \"Construction cannot begin even on projects on the land of Patwari village, despite majority of the farmers having accepted the compensation formula. The Authority has to wait for a decision on the SLP it has filed in the Supreme Court against the Allahabad HC order,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official.Besides, farmers have also filed several appeals in the Supreme Court seeking denotification of land, apart from the pending writ petitions in the Allahabad HC. \"Land belonging to farmers who have rejected the compensation formula is part of the plots allotted to developers and construction cannot be done around them,\" said farmers' lawyer Parmindera Bhati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13667376", "title": "I would like to be remembered as a solider: Gen V K Singh", "text": "PUNE: Army chief Gen V K Singh, who retires on Thursday climaxing a controversial tenure at the helm, today said he would like to be remembered as a soldier who tried to uphold what the force stands for.\"All I would like to say is that I want to be remembered as a soldier, as somebody who has tried to uphold what the army stands for,\" he said addressing a press conference at the National Defence Academy.Seeking to downplay controversies surrounding him, he said there was no misunderstanding between him and the defence ministry.The Army chief he had set out on a target to transform the army to make it more effective, agile and fit for the future.\"I think we have put the Army on that path. It was not something that could be achieved in one or two years. It will happen in 15 to 20 years. I am quite sure it will continue,\" he said.Stressing that the army is \"apolitical\", \"absolutely secular\" and \"impartial\", he maintained that the army did what it stated. \"This is not my army or anybody else's army. And as a nation, I think, we should be proud of our army.Dismissing reports of misunderstanding between him and the government, he said defence minister A K Antony was \"very clear headed\" in supporting the armed forces.\"There is no misunderstanding between the ministry of defence and us. Army is part of the government. We are one. Whatever we say is listened to,\" Gen V K Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654242", "title": "Two youths kill friend after drunken brawl", "text": "PUNE: Two youths were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly assaulting their friend to death following a drunken brawl at an open ground in Pimprigaon during the early hours of Tuesday.The deceased has been identified as Sandesh Suryabhan Survase (26) of Tapkirnagar, Kalewadi. A Pune crime branch team led by inspector Bapusaheb Kutwal on Tuesday arrested the suspects, identified as Raju Manjal (21) of Tapkirnagar and Sachin Sathe (19) of Kalewadi. Survase's brother Mangesh has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Pimpri police station.Assistant police inspector M S Sawant told TOI that the incident came to light on Tuesday morning, when a man noticed a body lying in a pool of blood at the ground. \"He informed the police control room and a police team rushed to the spot,\" he said.Sawant said the suspects had assaulted the deceased with sharp weapons. \"He had also received a major blow near his neck. We found a few empty liquor bottles near the body and a cellphone.\"He said the last call received on the cell phone was made by Mangesh. \"While the police were inspecting the phone to ascertain the identity of the deceased, Mangesh called again. When the police told him about the incident, he rushed to the spot and identified the deceased as his brother,\" he said.Sawant said Mangesh told the police that on Monday night his brother had gone out with two friends, Sathe and Manjal.Police inspector of the anti-organised crime cell of the crime branch Bapusaheb Kutwal told TOI that his team nabbed the two suspects on Tuesday afternoon. \"The duo admitted to their involvement in the murder during interrogation,\" he said.Kutwal said that on Tuesday night, the three friends had gone to the ground to have liquor and roasted meat. \"While consuming liquor, they entered a brawl, following which the duo assaulted Survase with sharp weapons.\"Survase was working as a driver of a private mini bus and had got married earlier this month, Sawant added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13654042", "title": "Man killed as sand caves in", "text": "CHENNAI: A construction worker died in Thiruvanmiyur after a mound of sand caved in. He was buried under heaps of sand while digging a pit for construction of a sump on Monday.Police arrested the house owner, Mahalingam, 63, on charges of causing death due to negligence.Police said Anandan, 45, from Vellore, a daily wage labourer, was standing in the pit and digging. He was taking out the sand with the help of a few other workers who were standing outside the pit. Suddenly, the sand caved in burying Anandan inside it.As efforts to rescue him failed, the house owner immediately alerted the Thiruvanmiyur police who rushed to the spot and dug out his body.He was rushed to government general hospital where he was declared brought dead. Police said Anandan died of asphyxiation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650959", "title": "Their green rendezvous had started long back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unable to develop all city parks on its own, the municipal corporation had recently decided to hand over the neighbourhood parks to resident welfare associations (RWAs). But there are some people who have already adopted some of these, showing the green way to many.Moved by the neglected state of their area park, a group of 15 residents of Sector 37-B had taken over its charge in April 2006. Today, a green, blooming space is a testimony to their years of hard work.S N Sood, 75, a retired headmaster, said, \"All the members are above 65 years of age and they share its maintenance expenditure.\" \"On what made him take the hoe,\" he said, \"I have always been fond of greenery. I was even looking after our school garden. After retirement when I saw our area park turning into a garbage dump, I started cleaning it, without waiting for any help from MC or the administration. Seeing my enthusiasm, some more residents joined me. And today I am the happiest person when I see others enjoying in the green space.\"C L Chadha, another area resident, said, \"All members contribute Rs 100 every month and some times, non-members too chip in. The contribution is enough to pay the gardener and buy new plants.\"Looking after its upkeep, M P Trehan, 73, said some time back, they had ploughed it and were now waiting for the grass to cover the ground. \"A few years ago, we had installed swings with the administration's help,\" he smiled. Proudly showing their work, R K Nagpal, another senior citizen, said, \"We have made the walkways with MC's tiles that were lying unused. Some of the plants have especially been brought from Himachal Pradesh. The area residents love spending time here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651604", "title": "Hit-and-runs kill two near Vijay crossroads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In two separate road accidents, a 55-year-old man and a 23-year-old youth died near Vijay crossroads. While the first incident took place on Monday night, another took place early on Tuesday morning. Officials of Gujarat University police station are investigating.The police said the first incident took place at 5.30pm on Monday. According to a complaint by Rajesh Shah, a resident of Rushika Apartment in Vadaj, his father Virendra Shah was coming back home from his work on Ashram Road and was passing from near Memnagar fire station when a Hyundai Santro car rammed his scooter from behind.\"Soon after hearing about his accident, he was taken to a private hospital by his family members but he was declared brought dead. We are searching for eyewitnesses who can provide us with the number of the car,\" said a GU police official.In the second incident near Vijay crossroads at 2am on Tuesday, 23-year-old Nakul Vadwala, a resident of Aagam Flats, Vadaj, died on the spot after meeting with a mishap. According to investigators, Nakul, son of Rajesh Vadwala, an advocate, was returning home when a Skoda Fabia car rammed his bike head-on.Nakul fell on the road and sustained severe head injuries that resulted in his death. The car driver fled the spot leaving behind the car. \"We have approached the RTO with the number to track down owner of the car,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13652867", "title": "Falling rupee sends prices of high-end bikes up 50%", "text": "LUDHIANA: The fall in value of the Indian rupee against the US dollar has upset city's cycling enthusiasts. Known for their penchant of owning expensive and imported bicycles, the Ludhianvis will have to pay almost 50% more for these wheeled beauties.President of United Cycle and Parts Manufacturers Association Gurmeet Singh Kular says the rising dollar has propelled the cost of imported cycles, which was already rendered high after the increase in import duty on cycles from China. ''The prices won't get any better unless there is a substantial improvement in the value of rupee against the dollar,'' Kular adds.The sales manager at La Sovereign Bikes, Amit Bhalla, says, \"The government recently hiked import duty by 20% and there has been a 15% increase in international freight. The increasing rate of the dollar has shot the prices of cycles by another 10-15%. These changes have forced us to increase the prices of cycles in different segments accordingly by over 35%.'' Bhalla says they have been trying to control the prices of high-end bikes by adopting various cost-cutting methods, but if the value of rupee does not improve against the dollar, they would have no option but to revise the prices yet again in the coming months.\"The falling rupee has negatively affected the high-end bike market,\" says Rajesh Kalra, the managing director of Suncross Bikes.''We can't control the prices by compromising with the quality as the buyer of a high-end bike is particular about the material used and the specs and doesn't mind spending on it,'' adds Kalra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649937", "title": "Central Library now a protected monument", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has declared the famous Central Library in the city as a protected monument.Madhya Pradesh government has declared the famous Central Library in the city as a protected monument.State culture minister Laxmikant Sharma said that sanction has been granted to issue the final notification to this effect. This notification is issued under Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1964.This red stone structure is one of the oldest and beautiful buildings in the city. It was built in 1908 by the then Nawab of Bhopal state Begum Sultan Jahan for housing Kind Edward Museum. Her objective behind the establishment of the museum was to display the gifts and offerings presented to the rulers of the state.The museum was inaugurated in 1909 by the then Viceroy of India Lord Minto. It was closed down during the Nawab era itself on account of lack of maintenance. Then in 1955, Maulana Azad Central Library was housed in this building.At that time, the library had about 60,000 books and manuscripts in Hindi, English, Urdu, Persian, Arabic and Sanskrit. This building situated on Itwara Road is known as Edward Museum, Malauna Azad Central Library, Kendriya Pustakalaya and Ajaib Ghar also.No digging or construction work can be carried out on the land and buildings situated within 200 meter radius of it without permission of the commissioner, Archaeology and Archives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650571", "title": "Grey areas make demarcation hard", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The enforcement agencies are not being able to identify the exact boundary of the Sukhna Lake catchment area, where construction has been banned, in the absence of a map based on revenue records. The map of the catchment area prepared by the Survey of India has not been made as per the revenue records. Therefore it is difficult to pinpoint the demarcation line of the catchment area, posing a big problem for Punjab, Haryana and the UT administration.After the Punjab and Haryana high court banned any construction activity in the catchment area, the Supreme Court too has banned it.According to the map, many areas of Punjab, Haryana and UT are inside the catchment area but there are areas which are partially inside the catchment area and partially outside it. As the map is not based on revenue records, so it is difficult to pinpoint which part lies within the catchment area and which falls outside it.In the circumstances, the officers are only making a rough estimate of the area that falls in the catchment area of Sukhna Lake. Harpreet Singh , a resident of Khuda Ali Sher, who has a big chunk of land said how can he accept any demarcation, if it does not match the revenue records.Gurpreet Singh, a resident of Saketri said that before making any demarcation, the officials concerned need to be sure as he would not accept a verdict on the basis of rough estimates. Ashok Pathria, executive officer and incharge of the Mohali municipal corporationa??s demolition team said that as the Survey of Indiaa??s map of the catchment area is not as per the revenue records, so they are unsure as to which part of land falls in the catchment area and which is outside.Hitesh Sharma, district town planner, Panchkula said that in the present circumstances they cannot demarcate the land with precision because map is not as per the revenue records.A senior officer of the UT administration said that they too are facing the same problem but are working on sorting out the issue.Major areas Khuda Ali Sher, Punjab and Haryana high court and Saketri are the major areas that partially fall in the catchment area. Apart from this, mainly it is the forest area of Punjab, Haryana and UT that is in the catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668854", "title": "Sanchita Padukone\u2019s debut in Chammak Challo", "text": "\"The shooting of the film is almost done, only the songs are yet to be shot,\" says he.The director, who's stepping out of his comfort zone and attempting something new for the first time, adds, \"The title of my film \"Chammak Challo\" has been inspired from SRK's \"Ra One\" song Chammak challo. I felt it suited my story and also represents a beautiful girl.\" This film will also see newbie Sanchita Padukone, as the female lead, who's from Bangalore. And actress Catherine will be the second lead. Kiran Varanasi will score the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651824", "title": "NRI ready to sell land to bail out Italian marines", "text": "KOCHI: Hope is smiling at the Italian jailed marines from the most unexpected face. A Keralite settled in Italy has approached the HC expressing willingness to surrender his property at Kottayam, worth over Rs 2 crore, as surety for bail to the marines.The move comes at a time when various courts are denying bail to the Italian marines citing general apprehension that they would flee the trial.John Thekkekara, who owns Centro Latino, which runs a group of services including a banking service and a restaurant in Italy, maintained that he has got over one acre of land in India and is willing to stand as surety for the marines.Thekkekara has been living in Italy for around 25 years. Talking to TOI, John said that he decided to approach the court as he \"felt that the denial of bail to the marines is injustice\". \"I felt that the case is not progressing in the right path as they (marines) have been denied bail. Nature of their job must be considered. They made a mistake but that was not deliberate,\" John said.Continuous denial of bail would have unwanted consequences for Indians in Italy. \"Lots of Indians are working in Italy and this will affect them. I don't know these marines personally. But I'm willing to give surety if they are given bail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13657525", "title": "Mitt Romney clinches Republican nomination, says job not done yet", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mitt Romney , the former Governor of Massachusetts, on Wednesday clinched the nomination of the Republican Party to challenge the incumbent US President Barack Obama in the November presidential elections.Following the Texas primary, Romney bagged enough delegates to cross the bench mark of 1,144 necessary to clinch the Republican presidential nomination.Romney in a statement said he is honoured and humbled to have won enough delegates to become the Republican Party's 2012 presidential nominee.However, he said that the job is not done yet. \"Our party has come together with the goal of putting the failures of the last three and a half years behind us. I have no illusions about the difficulties of the task before us,\" Romney said.\"But whatever challenges lie ahead, we will settle for nothing less than getting America back on the path to full employment and prosperity.\"On November 6, I am confident that we will unite as a country and begin the hard work of fulfilling the American promise and restoring our country to greatness,\" he said.Romney would be declared the official nominee of the party at the Republican National Convention to be held in Tampa in the week of August 27.Romney has also become the first Mormon presidential nominee of a major party.Yesterday, Romney promised the electorate that he will get things better if elected on November 6.\"I can assure that if I get elected, with your help I will make things better. Now, the last four years have been a disappointment for the American people,\" Romney said at a campaign rally in Colorado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651836", "title": "A Tolstoy tale retold", "text": "KOCHI: Aksinov, the innocent merchant of God Sees the Truth, But Waits by Leo Tolstoy, spent almost 26 years in jail accused of having killed another merchant. He was freed when Makar Seminovich, the real convict confessed to his crime. Though Aksinov was told he would be exonerated and set free in a few days, he was not eager to embrace freedom. His wife had already died and his children had forgotten him.Mathew Paul of Kizhakkambalam underwent a similar harrowing decade. He was accused of being behind the attack on his friend, Mathew John Kachappilly, and robbing him off 2.5kg of gold.Today, Mathew Paul swears he is one of the happiest men in the world. The reason: police have arrested the real culprits, ending his ordeal as an outcast. Police have now identified the real culprits in the case -- K P Shabeer, Saber, Thadiyantavide Nazeer, Imam Ali, Thajudeen and Ismail, alias Bomb Ismail.\"My children need not live with the stigma of being the 'sons of a thief'. I had been praying all these years. And finally a huge burden has been lifted from my chest,\" he said.For the last ten years, Mathew Paul was being tormented by the police as well as the society. It was on June 20, 2002 that Mathew John Kachappilly, who owns Kachappilly Jewellers at Kizhakkambalam, was attacked and robbed off the gold he was carrying on his way home from the shop at quarter past seven in the evening. Everyday Kachappilly's friend Mathew Paul would escort him when the gold merchant left his shop for home. But on that fateful day, Mathew hadn't accompanied Kachappilly, giving room for suspicion that he might be behind the attack.But Mathew Paul had another reason for not escorting Kachappilly on that particular day. \"I was operating a small money lending firm. On that day a customer, an acquaintance of mine, wanted a loan of Rs 1,000. But I didn't want to lend him money as I suspected he wouldn't repay it,\" Mathew Paul said.\"That person then went to Kachappilly and asked for money. The jeweller said he would give him Rs 1,000 from the money he had which belonged to me, but only with my consent. However, Kachappilly gave the money without cross checking with me. This irritated me, and because of that I didn't escort him home that day,\" Mathew Paul said. On hearing about the attack, Mathew Paul rushed to the hospital where Kachappilly was taken to.\"I had taken around Rs 30,000 with me when I went to the hospital. I was sure that cash would be required for meeting the hospital bills. But before I reached the hospital, Shaji, a neighbour and one of Kachappilly's relatives had reached there. He too had come there with money. When I talked to Kachappilly, he pointed to Shaji, who was already there offering help,\" Mathew Paul said.Shaji, who had offered help, too was mentally tortured by police. All of a sudden, Mathew Paul's business ran into rough weather and he had to leave the village to escape his creditors. He went to Wayanad and took up ginger farming.\"One day, police knocked at the door of my rented room in Wayanad and took me for questioning about my role in the attack. Though I explained that I had moved out of my village to escape my creditors, they didn't believe me. I had to frequent many police stations thereafter. The mental torture was unbearable.\"On April 28, 2007, exactly four years after he had left his village, Mathew Paul returned home. \"I paid all my debts back. Now I am running a poultry farm,\" he said. \"I am happy that my prayers didn't go unanswered. God sees the truth, but waits,\" he says, tears welling up in his eyes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13664679", "title": "UP government decides to speed up work for wildlife night park", "text": "LUCKNOW: With an aim to give fillip to tourism industry in the state, the Uttar Pradesh government on Wednesday decided to speed up the process of developing a wildlife night park at Greater Noida through PPP mode.At a high-level meeting, chief minister Minister Akhilesh Yadav decided to consider a bid invitation process for the 'Night Safari' project soon.The proposed world-class Night Safari, with closed environment and controlled conditions, will be a first-of-its kind in India and second in Asia after Singapore, official sources said.UP chief secretary Javed Usmani will head a committee that will monitor the progress of this project to ensure its time-bound implementation, they said, adding that the Greater Noida Authority will conduct the bidding process.Apart from Usmani, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner Anil K Gupta, Principal Secretaries of Tourism, Forest and Housing, the CEO of Greater Noida, the meeting was also attended by Acting High Commissioner of Singapore, Jonathan Tow.Gupta said the state government will invite bids for selection of developer for this one-of-its-kind safari.\"To be developed under PPP mode, the state government equity will be in the form of land, while the investment will be made by the developer,\" he added.About possible hindrances due to land issues, Gupta said that the already earmarked land of around 102 hectares did not require land use change because it is already approved for \"recreational green\".\"The ambitious nocturnal zoo project has received statutory approvals from the Central Zoo Authority and the Supreme Court. No commercial construction or housing will be allowed within the safari area, which is proposed to encompass outdoor natural setting for 40 percent animals of Indian sub-continent and 60 percent animals from outside,\" he added.The Night Safari project was first initiated in the previous Mulayam Singh Yadav regime in 2005 with a view to promote tourism, environment conservation, afforestation and generate employment for local youths.The respectful reality of India is represented by the sincerity, kindness and dedication of its people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13652890", "title": "Bike at the end of the tunnel", "text": "CHENNAI: There is never a dull moment in a bike race, a wholesome package - from the thrills and spills and the high-risk passing moves to the measured, almost ballet-like drifting on two wheels in the corners.And then there is that invisible thread which connects everyone to the two-wheeled beauties. That feeling is the same for speed junkies from racing-crazy countries like the US and the UK and it is the same in India too, though two-wheeler racing is yet to take off big time here like its much more illustrious cousins - saloon and formula cars.But things are changing thick and fast. In the last two years, winds of change, professionalism rather, has swept across the National Motorcycle Racing Championship, changing not just the outlook of the country's premier two-wheeler racing event but also the approach of the riders towards it, not to mention their prospects of racing abroad.Of course, the passion and the sense of fun still remain with the riders. But they are also now looking to master the art and science of racing and are also following strict fitness routines and diet plans, all of which give them that edge.As reigning national superbike champion K Rajini puts it, \"they are getting ready for the world stage. And one has to get everything perfect to have a chance there.\"Rajini, at 32, is the best rider the country has produced in recent years. His racing career represents vividly, the tale of many others who came before him, the ones with loads of talent but no means to go out and prove their worth to the world.Rajini started competing in the national championship in 2002 as a privateer. He became national champion the very next year following which he had stints with TVS Racing, the only professional racing team in national two-wheeler series at that time. Later, he joined Red Rooster Racing and MotoRev India, for whom he rides now.During his prime, in 2005, Rajini took part in the Malaysia Super Series and was champion in the 150cc Kawasaki Cup. The next logical step for him was to compete in a higher series but lack of funds forced him to come back to the national series again. He had a second stint in Malaysia, this time on a 600cc superbike. He, however, failed to make a mark as it was the first time he was riding a superbike.\"The national championship never had a superbike category at that time,\" says Rajini. \"It came only in 2010.\"Rajini has finally got a break, albeit a little late in his career. This month he had multiple podium finishes including a second place in the Qatar International Road Racing Championship in Doha. He will also be taking part in this year's Asian Road Racing Championship.\"When I started racing, getting funds was close to impossible. There were no private teams or manufacturer support to push your dream of racing abroad. Now it is so much different. Many teams are there and competition in the national circuit is so much high,\" explains Rajini.More importantly, riders are getting chances abroad too.Last year, Chennai lad Sarath Kumar became the first Indian rider to compete in MotoGP , in the 125cc category. Sarath's debut, for Bangalore-based team Ten10 Racing was a landmark in Indian two-wheeler racing history. 2011 was a double whammy for India at the big stage of bike racing when Mahindra Racing entered the fray in the 125cc segment too. This year, Sarath is competing for Mahindra in the Italian national championship for Mahindra. He has already scored a podium finish in the series and is slowly but surely finding his feet in the fiercely-competitive European circuit.Sarath is not the only one making waves abroad. Another talented youngster, 23-year-old Jagan, is racing in Malaysia in their national underbone championship for TVS. M Gautham and Deepak Papinani, both 21 years, are racing in the Honda Dream Cup (support races for the Asian Road Racing Championship 2012). The 28-year-old Shyam Shankar and 24-year-old Dinesh Kumar will race in the Yamaha Cup in Japan. Yatin Shirole (23 years) will be racing in the Malaysian Super Series. Rajini also had Indians for company in Doha with R Deepak and Rohit Giri racing alongside him in the series.Of course, the main reason for these riders to get exposure abroad is the systematic planning done by the two-wheeler racing commission of the national federation. And in the last two years, bike manufacturers Honda and Yamaha have come into the fold of the national championship with one-make races of their own as well as factory and spares support for riders.As a result, the profile of the national series has grown, and that too exponentially. And the growth is not stopping at that. The federation is making further plans to rope in more manufacturers besides including new categories so that the riders can systematically come up the ranks - from the novice categories to intermediate and the experts followed by the superbikes. This year's national championship also has a new title sponsor - SIDVIN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665158", "title": "Ram Charan to Remix \u201cGuvva Gorinkatho\u201d Song?", "text": "If the buzz is to be believed, Mega power star Ram Charan is planning to remix yesteryear chartbuster 'Guvva Gorinkatho' song in his upcoming movie to be directed by V V Vinayak. Sources say that the makers are currently holding talks with Ram Charan and others about filming this remix version from the mega star Chiranjeevi starrer \"Khaidi No 786\". This 1988 super hit song has classic dance moves by Chiranjeevi and Bhanu Priya while the remix version might have Ram Charan and Kajal Agarwal shaking the leg.Charan has already remixed couple of hit numbers of his father - 'Bangaru kodi Petta' in \"Magadheera\" and 'Vana Vana' in \"Racha\", and both these films scored success at the box office. And director VV Vinayak is looking to continue and cash-in on this sentiment for his upcoming film. Kajal Aggarwal and Amala Paul are playing female leads in the movie for which Thaman is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651827", "title": "CBI let off Kodiyeri, says Fasal's wife", "text": "KOCHI: The CBI has succumbed to the muscle power of the CPM by limiting probe into the murder of NDF activist V K Muhammed Fasal to local leaders and is abstaining from questioning former home minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, Fasal's wife Mariyu has alleged in a petition filed in the Kerala high court.A deeper and stronger conspiracy involving Kodiyeri Balakrishnan had come out during the interrogation of CPM's local leaders and the CBI was about to question the former minister.However, the CBI withdrew from the move after the party conducted a sit-in in front of the CBI office, in which CPM's state-level leaders participated, Fasal's wife alleged in the petition on Tuesday.Further, Mariyu stated that Fasal used to tell her that local members of the CPM were in inimical terms with him on account of the political conditions prevailing in the area.Fasal's wife also submitted in the petition that he was an ardent supporter of the CPM but later joined the NDF. At his instance, many Muslims who were members of the CPM left the party and joined the NDF, the petition filed through advocate Sunny Mathew stated. Fasal's wife also filed an additional petition in the anticipatory bail pleas of CPM's local leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan, stating that it was on her petition to the high court that a CBI inquiry into the murder was ordered and she should be heard before a decision on granting bail to the leaders was taken.Fasal, who was an activist of the CPM, had ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants on the morning of October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery.On Monday, the CBI had submitted to the high court that enough evidence was available against Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan in the case diary of the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651682", "title": "Anand leads protest againstnew IIT admission test format", "text": "PATNA: Hundreds of underprivileged students aspiring to join IITs on Tuesday took out a rally in the city under the leadership of Super-30 founder and noted mathematician Anand Kumar to protest against the Centre's decision to change the format of IIT admission test from next year.Under the new format, instead of one examination for admission to the 15 IITs across the country, there will be two examinations - JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced. In the main exam, 50% weightage will be given to performance in the Class 12 boards, which will be used as a filtering process. A candidate's performance in the advanced examination will determine his/her admission to the IITs.Besides, there will be no separate examination for admission to non-IIT engineering colleges from next year. Admission to the various National Institutes of Technology (NITs) and centrally funded engineering colleges across India will be based on the JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced examination.\"If there can be one test for the more competitive AIIMS examination, which has fewer seats and more candidates, and IIMs, why can there be no single test for IITs? The process being adopted is more cumbersome and it will only add to pressure on students,\" Anand said.He told mediapersons that the move to change the examination format from 2013 would cause confusion among the current batch of students. \"They have already completed their Class XI. If at all the new system is to be implemented, it should be effective from 2014, so that the students get enough time to adjust. After all, the changes are for students only,\" he added while reacting to the Union HRD minister's decision.Maintaining that there was still uncertainty about the mechanism of two-tier test, he said if the JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced examination are held the same day, it would be psychologically draining for the poor students. \"More thought needs to be given to the proposed changes before implementing them,\" he added.\"The proposed reform to bring focus back to the schooling system by giving weightage to performance in Class XII Board examinations normalized on percentile basis would also be a serious challenge, as there is huge gulf between schools of the CBSE and ICSE boards and those under state boards. The formula to be adopted for percentile calculation is also not clear, as all state boards have different yardsticks,\" Kumar added.Anand said the new system would make students more dependent on coaching, as they would have to prepare for three different tests - JEE-Main, JEE-Advanced (which will also have aptitude test), and for scoring high marks in the Plus Two examinations. \"What is more, the students from rural areas, who don't have the advantage of quality schooling, will face disadvantage in qualifying for the JEE-Advanced examination for no fault of theirs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13666767", "title": "Sueoka to sign for Dempo", "text": "PANAJI: Salgaocar's attacking midfielder Ryuji Sueoka is all set to sign for I-League champions Dempo in the first week of June.33-year-old Sueoka, who first played in India under Karim Bencherifa at Mohun Bagan in 2009-10 season before the Moroccan brought him to Salgaocar, when he took over the reins of the Goan club in the 2010-11 season.Sueoka played two years at Salgaocar and won the I-League with them in his first season.The Japanese attacking midfielder is a straightforward replacement for another Japanese striker Yusuke Kato, who has since moved over to Thailand, a Dempo official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "13651422", "title": "Boy battles severe eye defect to rank second in state", "text": "Asansol: A teenager surrounded by a group of people. It was a sight to behold at the Roy residence on Tuesday. People from the neighbourhood had thronged to their third -floor apartment to congratulate Sourya Roy who has fought a visual condition and nagged the second position in the state in this year's Madhyamik examination.The boy from An Asansol boy has obtained 675 and bagged the second position in the state in this year's Madhyamik examination. But this isn't any ordinary success story. Sourya Roy of Asansol Ramakrishna Mission Vidyapith has secured 675. , a patient of congenital myopia, has fought against all odds to achieve this score.Though he was sure he would do well but securing the second position is almost like a dream, said a smiling Sourya.Sourya Roy of Asansol Ramkrishna Mission Vidyapith fought against all odds to secure 675 marks in this year's Madhyamik examination, despite his poor eyesight placing him in a severe handicap for him. Yet, this stunner from Asansol bagged the second spot which surprised him most of all.He was detected with this congenital myopia at the age of three. has congenital myopia which was detected when he was three years old.Sourya wears spectacles and has a negative power of 18 which prevented him from studying for very long hours. But ignoring the handicap, the teen put in a decent 10 to 12 hours before his board exams. Sometimes his mother read out to him so that his eyes could get some rest.Due to poor vision, physicians have also advised him not to opt for science at the Plus-two level. \"It requires a lot of stress since it involves working with chemical in laboratories,\" said his father. Sourya is, however, determined not to let go the opportunity. \"My results will get me a seat in any good school. I love Biology and would want to become a physician.I will consult my doctor again. If he doesn't allow me to opt for science give me the green signal for science, then I will take up study humanities in either St Xavier's College or South Point in Kolkata. If the doctor my physiciandoes not permit me to stay away, then I will study from home,\" said the topper.When asked how he would celebrate the occasion, Sourya said: \"I love mutton biriyani and my mother will probably cook my favourite dish as a treat.\"\"My son loves watching cricket and spent the last one month time after the examination viewing IPL matches. Sourya also admires Mamata Banerjee and wants to meet her. He will be delighted if the CM felicitates the state toppers,\" said a proud mother Sandhya Roy, an employee of LIC, Asansol branch. The boy's father Santo Roy also works there and was elated at his son's performance.Both his parents work in the Asansol branch of the Life Insurance Corporation. Since the results were published on Tuesday morning, neighbours and relatives poured into the Roys' third floor apartment at Asansol. Everyone came for a glimpse of the ranker who overcame all odds to achieve his high rank.\"I love mutton biriyani and my mother will probably cook my favourite dish as a treat,\" he said. Sourya studied about 10 to 12 hours daily. Sometimes his mother helped him in his studies by reading out from pages of books to him since long hours of study stressed his eyesight even further and further worsened his vision.\"He loves watching cricket and spent time after the examination viewing IPL matches on television. My son also admires chief minister Mamata Banerjee and wants to meet her. He will be delighted if the chief minister felicitates the state's toppers like last year,\" said his mother Sandhya Roy.The proud mother also said she expected her son to score well since he had put in a lot of effort. Sourya's father, Santo Roy said that despite an acute eyesight problem, his only son has performed very well, leaving him elated.Speaking to TOI, Sourya expressed grief that he might not be able to become an engineer or a doctor due to his poor eyesight. said that he wanted to become either a doctor or an engineer but his poor eyesight may prevent him from opting for such a career.\"Despite scoring 100 in Biology, I will have to quit studying the subject which is my favourite subject,\" he said. Sourya has secured 98 in mathematics, 98 in physical science, 100 in biology, 96 in history, 96 in English, 94 in Bengali and 93 in geography. When congenital myopia was detected, Sourya power was only minus three. It increased to minus 18 over the years.Swami Balavadra, Maharaj of Asansol RamKrishna Mission Vidyapith said that he was excited about the results this year. \"I knew that he will fare very well in the examination as he was always focused, sincere and a brilliant student,\" added Santo.Despite such poor eyesight, Sourya loves reading adventure books and thrillers and . He also enjoys travelling with his family. He gave full credit to his parents, school and teachers for the result. Asansol mayor Tapas Banerjee has congratulated Sourya on his achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13653828", "title": "Facilities needed at centres", "text": "Terms like 'Golden Hour' and 'Platinum Ten Minutes' stand for importance of Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and the idea is to transport a patient to the nearest hospital within 15-20 minutes.Ambulances should be equipped with ventilator, ECG, a pulse oximeter, resuscitation kit, suction machine, stethoscope and blood pressure apparatusFull range of surgical and non-surgical specialists from departments like anaesthesia, neurosurgery, orthopedic surgery, emergency medicine and radiologyTrained manpower at all levels, such as consultants, senior residents, junior residents, nurses and paramedics to treat seriously injured in shortest possible timeDiagnostic facilities like X-ray, CT scan and equipment for dressing and suturing should be available round-the-clockAt least two operation theatres for minor and major operationsDedicated operation theatre for neurological procedures as head injuries are commonFully-equipped intensive care units with trained doctors and nursesShock bays, resuscitation equipment and personnel trained in advanced trauma life support and advanced cardiac life supportTriage desk where patients can be segregated as per seriousness of injuryTrained person manning the desk, where based on primary evaluation, patients are sent to red, yellow and green areas depending on who needs priority treatmentFully functional blood bank attached to trauma centre with adequate stock of blood units", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654176", "title": "Man held for murdering waste picker", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly killing Ajay Sunil Kamble (25) a resident of Kamgar Putla slums, Shivajinagar, who was bludgeoned to death in front of a footwear shop near Shaniwarwada early in the morning.The Faraskhana police arrested Vicki Amar Gomes of Shukruwar Peth after Kamble's wife Kajal (20) lodged a complaint with the Faraskhana police station.Police inspector D B Bhosale of the Faraskhana police station said the incident took place around 5 am, when Kamble and his wife were asleep in front of the shop. \"The suspect bludgeoned Kamble to death with a big stone,\" Bhosale said. He said investigations had revealed that Gomes knew Kamble and Kajal. \"He wanted Kajal to leave her husband and marry him. When Kajal rejected his proposal, Gomes killed her husband,\" Bhosale said.He said the Kamble couple and Gomes were waste pickers. Gomes was produced in the court and remanded to police custody till June 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651392", "title": "Twenty new boutiques to help promote Darjeeling tea better", "text": "KOLKATA: The term Darjeeling tea floods our mind with images of the extravagantly green stretches of tea gardens and our tongues yearn for an immediate sip into a cup of that aromatic tea. For evokes an elegant thought in the minds of the connoisseurs, the day doesn't feel complete without a cup of Darjeeling tea. To sustain that feeling among the aficionados, the Darjeeling Tea Association (DTA) has planned is planning to set up standalone Darjeeling tea boutiques across the country.The association has chalked out plans for 20 such exclusive Darjeeling tea boutiques across the country to promote this niche product in the domestic market, DTA chairman SS Bagaria told TOI. The panel To support this effort, it has requested the Tea Board of India to support this effort and include the programme in the 12th Plan that commenced from which started from April 2012.\"Being a niche product, the Darjeeling tea has to be promoted in a unique way. The tea boutiques will help attract more people towards this product,\" Bagaria said. The concept first struck the surfaced in the minds of stakeholders of the industry. They believe as they feel that a rich cuppa of Darjeeling tea should be sipped in the right ambience to enjoy its taste to the fullest.These 20 boutiques will come up in both tier I as well as tier II cities. While Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai have been identified among tier I cities, Pune, Indore, Ranchi, Raipur and Gurgaon has been marked as the will be the tier II cities, said Bagaria. to get Darjeeling tea boutiques.It is not mandatory that a city will house just one tea boutique. Depending on the demand, a city can have multiple boutiques as well.Along with Darjeeling tea, these boutiques will also serve snacks like cafeterias. Each boutique will entail an investment between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore depending on the nature of the city, he added. It is envisaged that these boutiques will come up in association with the Union commerce ministry. \"We have had meetings with the Tea Board and they have assured us that they will put this proposal in the 12th Plan to the Union commerce ministry,\" he said.Confirming this development, Tea Board chairman MGVK Bhanu said: \"I have already put this proposal in the 12th Plan. This is a rather unique idea to promote Darjeeling tea in the domestic market.\" The cost of setting up these boutiques being quite high, the association has requested the government to bear about 50% of the investment, from the government while the rest will be borne by the boutique owner.The total production of Darjeeling tea in 2011 was to the tune of 8.8 million kg, 70% of which was exported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651770", "title": "Rogue Theatre is Shipwrecked!", "text": "BANGALORE: A story could emerge from just anywhere. When members of the Rogue Theatre Company from Arizona came to perform at Ranga Shankara two years ago, Joe McGrath , the company's artistic director, went to a bookstore to ask for a good read on the flight. The storekeeper gave him 'Nagamandala', which he, on arriving home, gave Cynthia Meier, director at Rogue Theatre, and suggested she read it.\"I immediately fell in love with it. Its central myth spoke of a woman falling in love with a man who was cold and distant during the day and at night, as a cobra, was a warm and compassionate lover. I was drawn to the magic of rendering the symbols of the cobra and flames theatrically. Occasionally, we wondered if we were missing something in the play because we were from another culture, but the play is so universal that it spoke to us,\" says Cynthia.Bringing along another theme that transcends cultures, the Rogue Theatre is back in Bangalore at Jagriti with 'Shipwrecked'!This story reaches across borders, for it's full of the joy of 'play'. \"As children, we loved to create worlds out of a stick and a piece of cloth. 'Shipwrecked'! is a return to this fundamental joy,\" says Cynthia. In fact, music and sound effects are an important part of its created world. \"Indian percussionist Savitri Sastri gives us a chance to 'play' with someone in Bangalore on stage,\" she says.'Shipwrecked'!, written by Pulitzer award-winning author Donald Margulies , talks of the art of living on one's own terms. Adapting it to the stage, Cynthia has worked with actor David Morden to bring free-living emotions to the fore. \"David is playing the main character of Louis de Rougement. Through rehearsals, we talked about the stakes that Louis has in the play -- his life, his reputation, his relationships and all the things he stands to lose. We talked about connecting those feelings to events in David's own life,'' says Cynthia.Deeper, existentialist questions surface for all to see. \"Theatre is a space where all come together to hear a story that explores questions about human nature. At Rogue, we are dedicated to finding plays worthy of our time and energy, and our audience's time and energy,\" explains Cynthia.Shipwrecked! The Rogue Theatre, Tucson, Arizona, USA Grand Family Finale of Jagriti Season, June 1 - 17", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13666974", "title": "Ajith's film is an original script", "text": "What's hot in K'town's gossip circuit? It is Thala's forthcoming film with director Sirutthai Shiva, produced by Vijaya Vahini Productions.Reports from tinselville suggest that it will be the remake of Ravi Teja's recent T'town release Daruvu , which incidentally, was directed by Shiva.The socio-fantasy masala entertainer has Taapsee playing the arm candy of Ravi Teja. Shiva's Sirutthai , which was a remake of Ravi Teja's Vikramarkudu and had Karthi in the lead, went on to become a huge hit.Sources say that Shiva considers Ravi Teja his lucky charm and is contemplating bringing the Daruvu script to Tamil after making a few changes to suit Ajith's on-screen persona.When DC contacted Shiva, who is basking in the success of Daruvu , he denied any such moves and shrugged it off as a figment of someone's imagination.\"I don't know why people spread such stories! Ajith sir's film will be a mass entertainer and it is a new script, not the remake of Daruvu ,\" he said.But the filmmaker did not rule out the possibility of the film being remade in K'town and also in Bollywood.\"The movie has been widely appreciated and is rocking the box office collections. I have been getting calls from Chennai as well as Mumbai, for the remake of this film.But I am yet to take a call on it,\" he claims. And guess who has been touted to reprise Ravi Teja in B'town? It is none other than Akshay Kumar .There was yet another rumour about Anushka Shetty not featuring opposite Ajith due to date issues.When asked about this the director clarified, \"There were a few date problems with Anushka ut we will be sorting it out soon.Anyways, I am starting the project only after Ajith completes Vishnuvardhan's film.\"Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13663360", "title": "Perry told to choose either cricket or football", "text": "MELBOURNE: Star Australian sportswoman Ellyse Perry may soon have to make a tough choice of choosing either cricket or football.Perry is the first Australian woman to represent her country at a senior World Cup in both cricket and soccer and has managed to split her time between the two games since she was first selected for Australia in both the sports as a 16-year-old.However, her football club -- Canberra United -- where she plays as fullback, has given her an ultimatum to make a final choice if she wants to pursue soccer or cricket.Canberra United chief executive Heather Reid said sternly that either Perry quits cricket or find another club.\"Ellyse needs to choose whether she wants to be a full-time Canberra United player and commit to training every day like everyone else does,\" Reid told 'ABC Radio'.\"Or if she still wants to try and mix her cricket commitments with football, then perhaps she will need to find another club,\" he added.Meanwhile, Perry, a women's Ashes-winning pacer and Matildas World Cup defender, confirmed that a communication had been sent to her about the club's move but she hasn't made up her mind as next W-League season is scheduled later in the year.\"My first choice is to stay with Canberra. They are a fantastic club to play for. Right now I'm in no great hurry to make up my mind, one way or the other,\" Perry, 21, told 'The Australian'Perry plays soccer in the Sydney Women's League with the North West Sydney Koalas and is also a part of the Australian cricket squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651431", "title": "Delay in restoring promotion quota leaves Congressmen worried", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Centre wrestles with the Andhra Pradesh High Court order quashing 'minority quota', Congressmen are worried about the delay in restoration of 'promotion quota', a promise made by the government in Parliament.A week after the government committed to neutralize the apex court order scrapping reservation in promotions, there is silence, with the Centre having put off the all-party meeting scheduled for May 23. The meeting was called to decide the route government should take to overcome the apex court's nay to promotion quota.While a majority in the government would prefer a constitutional amendment, the Centre said an all-party discussion was required because constitutional changes made by Parliament on this issue were repeatedly finding resistance with the judiciary.The dithering has triggered speculation among key ministries and party leaders who are worried that the delay was making the party suspect among dalits, which would help BSP. A stunning attack by Mayawati in Rajya Sabha, accusing Congress of being anti-dalit, queered the pitch for the ruling party.The silence in the government has triggered unrest among the vocal dalit middle class as well as Congressmen and the concerned bureaucracy.They argue that while the Centre is committed to reviving 'promotion quota', it is making the mistake of being seen as reluctant to do it. \"Why cannot the meeting be called urgently and the corrective announced,\" a senior leader said, adding, \"This is what we did in the case of OBC quota in education. We implemented it but only after other parties had put their authorship on it.\"Others warned that Mayawati was hot on Congress's heels and should not be allowed to seize the initiative on dalit issues.The Centre's silence just a week after it promised redress has led to myriad theories. Senior officials are wondering if the postponement is linked to the growing proximity between Congress and Samajwadi Party . The UP outfit is opposed to \"consequential seniority\" for dalits promoted on the basis of reservations and wants it to be repealed. But the seniority feature is governed by a constitutional amendment whose revocation would be tantamount to political harakiri.The SC struck down the UP quota law because it was not providing data to prove 'backwardness' and 'inadequate representation in administration' while implementing promotion quota, two conditions imposed by an earlier SC order.But dalit activists feel these conditions were not relevant in case of SC/STs and have proposed a constitutional amendment to clarify it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651283", "title": "'Need Rs 230 crore to remove toll plazas'", "text": "NASHIK: Minister for public works and Nashik district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal said on Tuesday that Rs 230 crore was required to remove toll plazas from highways.He said that the state was planning to gather a fund to ensure that some of the toll plazas would be closed prematurely.\"There are some toll plazas in the state whose concession periods will be ending are to end soon. The state government is, however, planning to close them before their period to give relief to citizens from paying the toll,\" Bhujbal said.The government would require a total of Rs 230 crore that would go in for financing the contractors of built-operate-transfer currently running toll plazas on highways in the state, such that they would stop collecting toll on those roads.The process will be the same as it was done earlier when a few toll plazas were closed, Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13653366", "title": "Punjab: Tribunal to probe land grabs by VIPs in Union Territory periphery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The illegal possession of land by top politicians, bureaucrats and police officers of Punjab in the periphery of Chandigarh will now be investigated by a tribunal. While issuing the directions on Tuesday, the Punjab and Haryana high court set a four-month deadline for the tribunal to complete the probe and submit a report.The three-member tribunal will be headed by Justice Kuldeep Singh, who is a retired Supreme Court judge.More than 60 VIPs, including chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and DGP Sumedh Singh Saini, allegedly possess government/public land in violation of the periphery and forest Acts which prohibit the sale of village common land and forest land.The high court directed the Punjab government to provide necessary infrastructure and staff for the tribunal in two weeks. The tribunal would examine all records and, if required, may seek additional time to complete the probe. Initially, the tribunal proposed to probe illegal possessions of village common land/forest land by the high-ups, but later the HC clubbed all pending cases and expanded the scope to bring illegal possession of land in the state under its purview.On May 17, Punjab chief secretary submitted a report before the court, giving a clean chit to the chief minister and the DGP, including 53 persons having land in the periphery. Not satisfied with reply, the high court initiated the process of setting up of a tribunal.The matter had reached before the HC when Nayagaon resident Kuldip Singh filed a writ petition in 2007, alleging land grabbing by VIPs. Initially, the inquiry was conducted by then DGP-rank officer Chander Shekhar, who superannuated on November 11, 2011. Thereafter, a committee, under the supervision of chief secretary Punjab, is monitoring the issue.The probe conducted by Shekhar revealed that high-ups had constructed illegally on more than 170 acres of forest land around Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651567", "title": "Millions walk with their heroes, SRK breaks hearts", "text": "KOLKATA: The city was swept by a purple tide of emotion, euphoria and chaos as its victorious Knights were accorded a hero's reception by chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Thousands walked with the open trailer on which the Kolkata Knight Riders started their victory procession at the Hazra crossing, jostling and elbowing for a closer glimpse of the stars in the stifling heat.They wrapped themselves in KKR colours, shouted slogans and cheered their heroes even as Trinamool Congress leaders egged them on to celebrate the victory for \"poribartan-kami manush\" (people who sought a change). Many were left heartbroken though with King Khan not showing up at the march.All roads converged at Hazra - the south Kolkata crossing which has been the home of protests led by Mamata Banerjee for the past two decades. On Tuesday, the crossing slipped into a celebratory mood, but without shedding its political colour altogether. Nor did it miss the chaos that Kolkata associates with the intersection. A slew of ministers, MPs, MLAs and other politicians conducted the show from a makeshift dais. Even as a huge trailer - \"Korechi, lorechi, jeetechi re\" glued to it - waited for the heroes to arrive, thousands started trickling in by 9.30 am.Within the next half an hour, the crossing had been swarmed by millions who were not only cheering for KKR but were getting impatient for a glimpse of Shah Rukh Khan as well. The police cordon was repeatedly broken through. Even as MPs Subrata Bakshi and Kunal Ghosh took the dais, sports minister Madan Mitra and urban development minister Firhad Hakim looked quite lost as the crowd repeatedly surged ahead, blocking the road. The minutes ticked by but the wait for the Knights continued. It was not until 11.10 am that two team buses finally arrived at Hazra.Hazra erupted in a thunderous roar as the KKR bus doors finally swung open and the gleaming IPL cup made an appearance. The Knights held it aloft as they were helped through the crowd to the waiting trailer. The roar now got deafening. Skipper Gautam Gambhir, Manvinder Bisla, Shakib-Al-Hasan and coach Trevor Bayliss climbed on to the open vehicle one by one. But there was no sign of the Knight of Knights.But Shah Rukh Khan, the man of the moment, was missing. \"Where is Shah Rukh?\" the crowd shouted in unison. There was no answer for the next few minutes as the trailer started rolling. Shakib held the trophy, pumping his fist in the air and waving at the crowd. It was then Bisla's turn to hold the coveted cup. Bayliss, who was clicking photos, was greeted with a cheer and Gambhir given a rousing welcome. The trailer had moved past the crossing but there was no sign of the KKR owner yet. An announcement on the public address system then broke a million hearts.\"Due to the crowd, Shah Rukh Khan could not join the march. But we welcome the KKR team,\" it said. \"Oh, why didn't he come here? I have travelled all the way from Garia just to see him,\" said Jayanta Nath, a student. Ronnie Manna, a die-hard KKR fan, had painted his face in purple. \"I am delighted to be here but I feel cheated. Shah Rukh should have led the march. But I will surely catch a glimpse of him at Writers',\" he said.If Hazra was chaotic, Bhowanipur was in complete disarray by the time the victory march reached Jadu Babur Bazar. A small dais collapsed as scores climbed on to it for a closer look of the stars. About 50 yards away, a concrete wall along Netaji Bhawan Metro station gave way as fans jostled on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654170", "title": "Manikdoh leopards to get larger cages", "text": "PUNE: The 27 leopards housed at the Manikdoh rescue centre in Junnar will soon have 500 sq m cages to reside and move about in, instead of the existing 78 sq m ones.The bigger cages are as per the guidelines of the Central Zoo Authority of India (CZA). The District Planning Development Council, Pune, has sanctioned Rs 1.5 crore for constructing seven of 20 such cages at the rescue centre this year.Each cage will house a pair of leopards and will be divided into two parts - the night cage and the day cage. A quarantine room and laboratory at the rescue centre are also on the agenda for the next financial year.Ajit Bhosale, deputy conservator of forests, Junnar forest division, said, \"Officials from CZA visited the rescue centre recently and approved a plan to induct bigger cages, a quarantine room, a laboratory and a feeding store at the centre, among other things. However, the Rs 1.5 crore received from the District Planning Development Council, Pune, will be used solely for constructing the cages.\"Describing the new cages that are currently being built, Bhosale said each cage will have two parts, referred to as the day cage and the night cage.\"The night cage will have 150 sq m area - including a den and a platform. Food and water will be kept in this part. The cages will be semi-circular in shape,\" he added.At present, the rescue centre has 10 cages, each of which is 78 sq m. \"There are 16 other cages that were built in 1997, each being as small as 10 sq m in size. These 16 cages will be dismantled, while the 78 sq m cages will be used to temporarily house injured cubs and smaller wild animals in need of treatment,\" said Bhosale.A 'quarantine room' has also been proposed, though it will be built next year. \"Such a room will be used to normalise the behaviour and stress levels of wild animals rescued before treatment. These animals stop responding to treatment when stressed. The room will be used to calm the animals down by using anesthetics, among other things,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Junnar forest division recently received a rescue van from the Pune forest division under the 13th Finance Commission scheme for wildlife. \"The van comes with an inbuilt cage, GPS system, rescue nets, folding table and night vision binoculars, among other equipment. Earlier, without the van at our disposal, we would spend precious time deciding where to place the cage after reaching a rescue spot. A special vehicle with all the necessary equipment was thus the need of the hour for quick rescue operations,\" Bhosale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651037", "title": "Myanmar asks northeast insurgents to close camps and leave", "text": "NEW DELHI: Showing its commitment to deliver on what it has promised, Myanmar has ordered Manipur-based militant outfits to shut their camps and training facilities and leave its soil by June 10.Government sources said the Myanmar army's order was issued on May 24 -- three days before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh embarked on his visit to Nay Pyi Taw -- and the move is considered a goodwill gesture from the neighbouring ountry.Referring to intelligence reports, sources said there were 12-15 camps of Manipur-based insurgent groups like People's Liberation Army across the Indo-Myanmar border where more than 2,000 armed cadres were taking shelter.The militants often come to Manipur to carry out subversive activities and leave the state to escape action by security agencies. The sources said if the Manipuri militant groups were forced to close down their camps by the Myanmar army, it would have a significant impact on the security situation in the northeastern state.Besides, they said, other northeastern militant groups having bases in Myanmar may also have to face the heat there with improved bilateral relations between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13656259", "title": "Nitish revives darbar culture", "text": "PATNA: Holding darbar for hearing public grievances and ensuring justice to the aggrieved persons has been in practice since ancient times. But the most famous darbar was held during the period of Emperor Jehangir who had put up a long golden chain at the entrance of his palace.The chain was attached to the bell in his bedroom. That chain of justice at the Agra Fort was a link between the people and the emperor.Anyone was free to pull the chain with sixty small bells and could have a personal hearing from Jehangir himself.Emperor Akbar and king Harshavardhan are also known for their 'darshan' to the common people and listening to their grievances. The Delhi sultans had introduced a novel practice of addressing the complainant. As per the practice, those visiting the darbar in red attire would be treated as faryadi (complainant). Razia Sultan, too, had taken recourse to this practice when, after death of her father, the court nobles and her brothers conspired to deny her the throne. One day Razia appeared in public in red dress to tell the people about violation of her father's will. People turned violent and attacked the palace and defeated the conspirators to crown her as the sultan. \"There was a regular mechanism for the common people to approach the ruler in different forms. But it was in a restricted manner. Emperor Jehangir was the first monarch who made himself available to his subjects round-the-clock,\" said medieval historian Imtiaz Ahmad.Ashoka , the Great, was possibly the first king who used to tour his empire, known as his Dhamma Yatra, to listen to the people's grievances. CM Nitish Kumar has seemingly taken a cue from the practice of the emperor while charting out his people-contact mission. The king, however, found it impossible to lend his ears to all the people and, therefore, thought it necessary to appoint officers who would complete the work that he had started.These days, almost all the chief ministers have devised a way to meet the people with their grievances. Lalu Prasad was the first CM who had started Janata Darbar. But, he neither developed a regular mechanism nor continued it for long. Recently, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav held his first-ever Janata Darbar where thousands of people poured in with their grievances.Several senior leaders and others who saw Nitish's 'Janata Ke Darbar Mein Mukhya Mantri' programme and learnt about its mechanism were quite impressed. \"This is an impressive and useful experiment where common people get an opportunity to meet the chief minister,\" said actor Nitu Chandra after watching the darbar sometimes back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655920", "title": "Veggies rot in Koyambedu, prices up in stores", "text": "CHENNAI: The Koyambedu wholesale market suffered a loss of nearly Rs 3 crore on Tuesday as small traders from across the city could not make it to the complex due to petrol and diesel shortage. A large stock of vegetables was lying in the markets with no takers, while neighbourhood vegetable shops faced shortage.The price differences at the wholesale and retail markets were stark. Beans, sold at Rs 28-a-kilo at Koyambedu on Tuesday, was priced at Rs 80 at neighbourhood shops. Potatoes , which had few takers at Koyambedu at Rs 15 per kilo, was priced at Rs 44 in the retail market.At the Koyambedu market, prices of most vegetables crashed further after noon. A large number of lorries were parked near the market and at petrol pumps in the vicinity, waiting for diesel.Wholesale traders were worried that if the situation continues for another day they would suffer huge loses. R Soundararajan, former member of Koyambedu market management committee said many vegetable vendors found it either impossible or unprofitable to come to the wholesale market since diesel was not available. \"Imagine a small trader from Velachery who buys vegetables in the wholesale for Rs 5,000. After paying double the price for diesel, he may not make a good profit,\" he said.Homemakers were worried, too. Said Lourdes Rose, a homemaker in, \"The last few days have been tough. First it was the diesel shortage, now its petrol and prices of vegetables.\" Wholesale traders said retail majors who managed to send vehicles to Koyambedu were buying from them at wholesale prices and packaging the veggies and selling them at a profit of not less than Rs 10.Prices of chicken have also gone up in the last few days, from Rs140 a kilo last week to Rs160 now, as lesser number of trucks carrying the birds have been coming from the poultry farms in Namakkal and other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649638", "title": "Haryana cuts water to city", "text": "NEW DELHI: South, southwest and New Delhi areas are likely to face water shortage for a couple of days as Haryana has curtailed the raw water supply to the capital. According to DJB spokesperson, the neighbouring state has reduced water supply to the Haiderpur treatment plant resulting in shortage of nearly 15-20 million gallon.The plant itself produces 210 million gallons per day but the reduction will lead to water shortage, Delhi Jal Board has said. DJB has begun dialogues with Haryana to sort out the issue and ensure that the city doesn't face any more water crisis.In the past, Delhi had accused Haryana of reducing raw water supply to the capital while Haryana had defended its steps, claiming it had adhered to the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13652533", "title": "Karnataka cops smuggle petrol, liquor", "text": "Ponda: The Collem police and excise department arrested two police personnel attached to Ramnagar-Karnataka police station for an attempt of trafficking liquor and petrol in an official Karnataka police vehicle on Tuesday.The excise department seized liquor and handed over the accused to the Collem police who have seized the police jeep and petrol.Ponda sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) Dy SP Dinraj Govekar said that in a routine check-up, the Collem police personnel who man the Mollem checkpost found 28 bottles of Royal Stag whisky, 12 bottles of Mc Dowell whisky, two bottles of Royal Classic Mild whiskey, one bottle of Old Bill, five bottles of cashew fenny, 12 bottles of Kingfisher beer and three 20-litre-cans of petrol while checking the jeep passing through the checkpost on Tuesday morning.The Collem police informed the matter to the excise department, who seized the liquor and booked Ramnagar PSI Babu Dhundappa Madhav, 59, and Ramnagar head constable driver Yallappa Madhav Kagavad, 43, both residents of Ramnagar under Section 5 of the Excise Act.The accused were later handed over to the Collem police. The police have arrested the duo and registered an offence against them under Section 285 (negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter), read with Section 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 3 (no one shall import, transport or store any petroleum product) of the Petroleum Act 1934. The accused were later released on bail, as the offence was bailable, police said. Collem PI Jivba Dalvi is investigating the case.This is the second incident of petrol trafficking since the Goa government reduced the price of petrol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650045", "title": "Juhu hotel director sent to judicial custody times news network", "text": "MUMBAI: A special Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act court on Tuesday sent Vishay Handa-a director of Oakwood Premier Hotel, where a rooftop party was busted on May 20-to judicial custody till June 12.It also adjourned Handa's bail application. Handa was arrested by the police on May 21 for renting out the rooftop of the Juhu hotel for a \" rave\" and for his alleged involvement in organizing it. He has been booked under section 8 (c) read with sections 20, 21, 25, 27 and 29 of the NDPS Act. Handa's defence lawyer denied the allegations and said that he had gone to the party for an \"inspection\" and was not aware of the presence of drugs. Handa's blood and urine samples were collected at a hospital for medical examination. The results are awaited. In the raid on the rooftop party, the police had found 110 gm of cocaine, 64 gm of charas as well as tablets of ecstasy. At least 91 patrons, including two IPL players, were detained and ferried to hospital for collection of blood and urine samples. The samples have been sent to a forensic laboratory for tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650870", "title": "When science turns fiction to attract schoolchildren", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nidhi, a Class VIII student, was caught in a labyrinth of problems when she tried to understand the functioning of human brain. But when she breezed through a story, \"Dark haired stranger\", in a science journal, the entire \"mystery\" stood unraveled.To kindle youngsters interest in applied sciences, a city-based editor-in-chief of an international journal and PGI neuroscientist, Akshay Anand, has reformed the classics section of a specialist journal, Annals of neurosciences, for high school children. \"The journal has been provided in a school here and when we will have more prints, it will be distributed free of cost to all school libraries. Unlike the conventional ones, the journal aims at evoking kids\" interest in applied sciences through combination of images and imaginative stories based on successful scientists, who are presented as super heroes ,\" Akshay said.The attempt to lure young minds through the medium of narrative also involves the efforts of scientists of Harvard University and University of Florida. Denis English, president of Florida Foundation for Development Research, has scripted the stories. \"It has been increasingly felt by educationists that kids introduced to science through narratives do well in science and communication careers later in life. To introduce children to the fascinating careers in neuroscience, some stories on accomplished scientists have been written,\" he said.The front cover has been illustrated by Steven C Schlozman, assistant professor of psychiatry, Harvard Medical School. The next few issues will feature especially painted MRI images drawn by Elizabeth Jameson, a multiple sclerosis patient (brain disease). She has agreed to illustrate the next issue of the journal to cultivate creativity among kids. Her paintings have been exhibited at Harvard University Centre for Brain Science and at Johns Hopkins University. \"I try and create art that explores the splendor of brain, with all of its powers to change, adapt and confound,\" said Elizabeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650961", "title": "Planetarium gears up for rare \u2018Transit of Venus\u2019 on June 6", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nehru Planetarium at Worli and some private astronomy organizations are gearing up for a rare celestial event on June 6-the Transit of Venus.Planetarium director Arvind Paranjpye told TOI that in Mumbai, the transit will begin at 6am and telescopes will be installed at the premises to enable the public to have a clear view of the phenomenon.In addition, he said, the planetarium will webcast the event live, which can be accessed on http://www.nehru-centre.org/ start.html.Paranjpye said that Dibrugarh in Assam, where the sun will rise at 4.15am, will be one of the first Indian cities to witness the transit. According to him, in India, the transit will start at 3.39am and conclude at 10.22am on June 6.The last transit took place on June 8, 2004, and the next one is scheduled for December 11, 2117.Paranjpye said that during the transit, when Venus comes between the sun and earth, its possible size as seen from earth will be about 30 times smaller than that of the sun.Bharat Adur, director of Akash Ganga Centre For Astronomy, a Mumbai-based organization, said that his group will observe the transit from Badlapur.A statement from Nasa said that when the transit takes place, Venus will pass across the face of the sun, producing a silhouette \"that no one alive today will likely see again\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652159", "title": "Patients learn to live with mystery disease MS", "text": "NAGPUR: Most diseases do not differentiate between the people they affect, showing similar symptoms in most victims. Each person suffering from multiple sclerosis (MS), though, shows a unique set of symptoms. The disease still remains a mystery for doctors and little is known about its causes.It can come as a cruel shocker for the sufferers to be told that they have MS - an autoimmune disease that usually affects the nervous system. There are quite a few examples of people braving the condition for years. These are the people who are doing exactly what activists have selected as the theme for this year's World Multiple Sclerosis Day - living with MS.\"A few decades ago, it was believed that Indians are immune to the disease. The improved diagnostic tools like MRI, however, have revealed many Indians suffering from the condition. The number of patients may still be very low in India but it is to the tune of 1 in 1 lakh people,\" said Dr Chandrashekhar Meshram of Nagpur Neuro Society.Dr Meshram, whose centre is one of the few from the city that participates in international drug trials, said that the stress was on improving the quality of life and decreasing the chances of relapse through medication. The most difficult thing for the patients still remained the unpredictable relapses since the condition is chronic, he said.Neurologist Dr Poornima Karandikar believed that the vast spectrum of problems that could affect any organ of the body and at any time was the biggest challenge for patients. \"Though there are many treatment options available for MS, there can be no guarantee of their efficacy on a particular patient. If the problem is in milder form, it is easier to manage but those with severe symptoms have a difficult time managing it,\" she said. Most MS patients have relapsing-remitting (RR) type of the disease where alternate periods of normalcy and attacks are experienced.If the diagnosis and treatment are done at the right time, it is possible to delay and arrest the progress of the disease, informed noted neurologist Dr Mukund Baheti. \"However, there is lack of information about the disease even among the doctors. This means that most patients come to us at a very late stage,\" he said. The exact cause of MS is still not known but it is said to be a mix of genetic , environmental and dietary factors, he added.All doctors know of patients who have tried overcoming the disease and leading a normal life. One such person is Priya (name changed), a dentistry student. Not only is she working at a clinic but also preparing for postgraduate examinations. Sanjana (name changed) runs a boutique at her home. \"This job gives me the independence to work at my own pace since the disease has lowered my speed and stamina. It's been five years since I was diagnosed with MS and told that there was no guarantee when or what I would be afflicted from. So, it makes no sense to be worried about it all the time,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13649251", "title": "ICC to review VJD rain rule at 2-day meet", "text": "KOCHI: The International Cricket Council's cricket committee meeting at the Lord's on Wednesday and Thursday is expected to take a call on the VJD-method developed by Thrissur-based engineer V Jayadevan.The VJD-method, according to its creator, is distinctly a superior system when compared to the D/L method. The D/L method is currently used to determine the target score in rain-interrupted limited-over matches - formulated by two English mathematicians, Frank Duckworth and Tony Lewis , in 1997 - has several flaws and is often frowned upon by the captains across the cricketing world.One of the reasons for disbelieving the D/L method is that it gives an undue advantage to the team batting second in the rain-affected match particularly when number of wickets lost is few.Jayadevan, in his presentation before the ICC panel which included Dave Richardson at Hong Kong last year, pointed out several errors in the previous version of D/L system which was also admitted by the English duo.Later, they intimated the ICC that all these errors were rectified in the new Wincoda 3.0 version. Even though Jayadevan pointed out errors in the new version too, the expert committee without detailed checking ruled that they cannot switchover to a new system without the concurrence of the ICC's cricket committee.But an expert who reviewed both the systems as per the ICC directives and reported that both the methods were the same and hence there was no need for a change.However, Jayadevan, an IIT-Chennai allumnus, found at least a dozen statistical and mathematical flaws in the D/L method and brought it to the notice of the world governing of the game.Now, Dave Richardson, ICC's general manager of cricket, has assured Jayadevan that his method will be submitted before the ICC's cricket committee members on May 30.Jayadevan is quite confident that cricket followers can make out the difference between the both methods (Refer tables below). The catch is that the ICC 'forgot' to invite the VJD-method creator to present his case before it.Jayadevan even wrote to N Srinivasan, the BCCI chief, urging support and to take initiative to send him for the meeting so that he can drive home his points. Srinivasan will be attending the meeting but no one is sure if the BCCI chief will push VJD's case.However, the current BCCI technical committee - headed by Sourav Ganguly - is yet to see it.Does that means chances are nil of VJD getting BCCI backing?''No, not at all. In fact, it should be a win-win situation if I were at the Lord's to present the VJD case in person,\" Jayadevan told TOI.It may be recalled that it was the committee headed by Sunil Gavaskar who recommended BCCI to use the VJD method from IPL 4. However, the BCCI was not that keen but allowed to use it in domestic circuit. It is also not confirmed if any BCCI official will attend the Lord's meeting to push the Indian method.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13666883", "title": "Kumble congratulates Shukla for IPL 5 success", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India captain Anil Kumble has congratulated Indian Premier League commissioner Rajeev Shukla for the successful conduct of IPL 5 which he described as the best so far.\"I wish to congratulate you and your team for a wonderful IPL. I must say that this edition was by far the best one till date and going by your enthusiasm and commitment, I can vouch that the next one is going to be even better,\" Kumble said in a message to Shukla.\"Well done once again and thank you very much for your support. I on behalf of my association wish you the very best,\" Kumble, now the president of Karnataka State Cricket Association and mentor of IPL side Royal Challengers Bangalore , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13652230", "title": "BJD councilors seek to oust own party chairperson", "text": "SAMBALPUR: After the ouster of the BJP chairperson of Sambalpur Municipality in a trust vote by her own party councilors, now the same treatment is being meted out by the BJD councilors of Burla NAC (notified area council) to oust the first woman chairperson.The administration has decided to hold the trust vote on June 5, following a written demand of nine councilors, out of whom six belong to the BJD. Chandrabati Nayak was an Independent councilor and became the chairperson on April 17, 2010 with the help of the BJD after she agreed to the conditions of BJD leaders.\"The collector Mrinalini Darswal has decided to hold the trust vote on June 5 against the chairperson, following a written demand by majority of councilors of the NAC,\" a senior officer of Sambalpur district administration said on Tuesday. According to him, in the 15-council Burla NAC, BJD has six councilors, Congress has four and BJP three councilors. The NCP and an Independent candidate won one seat each in the poll held in 2010.Sources said, though the BJD was the majority party with six seats, it did not have the magic number to form the NAC. So BJD took the support of the NCP and the Independent candidate to form the NAC. \"The BJD succumbed to the demand of the Independent candidate Chadrabati Nayak and made her the first chairperson of the NAC,\" said social activist L D Mohanty.However, the BJD councilors were unhappy with the decision of their leader as they never wanted an outsider to become their leader. So they waited for two years to take revenge on her, source said. The BJD leaders declined to comment on the matter as of now as they are waiting for chief minister Naveen Patnaik to take the final decision. \"We are waiting for the return of the party high command to take the final decision on it,\" said BJD district president Rohit Pujari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13652462", "title": "Suicide, accident claim 2 in Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: Two persons from Bicholim taluka died on Monday, one by committing suicide and one after accidentally falling into a gobar gas tank at Aravalem.According to police, one Brijesh Narvekar, 38, from Vagus committed suicide by hanging himself to a tree behind his house with a rope in the wee hours of Monday. He was missing for two days prior to that. His body, after autopsy, was handed over to relatives for final rites.In the other case, Pandurang Patyekar, 44, also from Aravalem, suddenly fell into the a Gobar gas tank of some other person while he was repairing it. He died due to head injuries. His body has been sent to GMC and hospital Bambolim for autopsy. PSI Pradeep Velip is investigating in both the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649717", "title": "Indore petrol pump employee shot at", "text": "BHOPAL: Two unidentified mobike-borne youths allegedly shot at a petrol pump employee at Simrol in Indore early on Monday morning when he refused to fill petrol since it had no late night service. The victim, who is recuperating at a hospital, in his statement told the police that he suspected they reached there to rob the petrol pump.Police said the incident took place at around 2.30 am when the accused on a mobike screeched to a halt at Asha petrol pump and asked the victim, Narendra Singh Thakur, to fill petrol in the mobike's tank. Thakur was on night shift and guarding the petrol pump alone, said the police.According to the police, when the duo asked Narendra to fill petrol, Thakur told them that the pump would open in the morning only as it had no late hour service. He asked them to come in the morning when the petrol pump opened.It reportedly led to a heated exchange between Thakur and mobike-borne youths. Suddenly one of the youths allegedly opened fire at him and fled the spot. An injured petrol pump employee managed to call his colleagues, who rushed to the spot and they then called the police. The victim was rushed to MY Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment.The Simrol police registered an offence against the unidentified attackers.Thakur reportedly told to police that he suspected it was a loot attempt but he failed to give any description about the assailants or their vehicle's registration number.Simrol town inspector Ajit Kumar Patel said that the duo could not be identified from the video footage captured by CCTV at the petrol pump due to the darkness at the spot.However, he said that the investigation was on and police would nab the accused very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650889", "title": "Mumbai Port Trust to set up facility to tackle oil spills", "text": "MUMBAI: It's better late than never. Following a series of oil spills around the city coast in the last two years, the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) has finally woken up and decided to appoint an agency to develop facilities to combat oil spills of 700 tonne and above.The National Oil Spill Disaster Contingency Plan ( NOSDCP) stipulates that all ports maintain Tier-I Oil Spill Response (OSR) facilities.An MbPT official said, \"We are putting in a place a system which will ensure swift response to any incidence of oil spill in our waters. As of now, we have to depend on Coast Guard in case of oil spill. The maximum response time has been capped between 30 and 120 minutes depending on the location of the spill.\"The MbPT recently floated tenders and invited bids to set up OSR facilities on the city's ports. The Rs 33-crore contract is likely to be awarded by July.The successful bidder will have to set up an Oil Spill Response Center (OSRC), which will be functional 24X7, at the Marine Oil Terminal ( MOT) on Jawahar Dweep, an island to the south of Elephanta Islands. The centre will be monitored by trained personnel and specialists for a period of five years.Within four months of the awarding of the contract, the agency will have to set up the facility, which will include putting in service an OSR vessel and workboat in addition to other equipment like booms, skimmers, oil spill dispersants, storage tanks, etc, to tackle pollution.The official said, \"Oil spill incidents, including ship collisions, and grounding of vessels, in MbPT and Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust limits will be dealt with by the agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13652570", "title": "Cuttack gets first foot overbridge", "text": "CUTTACK: The foot overbridge at Badambadi, which was delayed by over two years, was thrown open to the public on Tuesday. The city's first foot overbridge was inaugurated by urban development minister Sarada Nayak . The FOB has been constructed at a cost of Rs 1.6 crore by Selvel private limited company in public private partnership (PPP) mode with Cuttack Municipal Corporation.\"The FOB linking both ends of the busy Badambadi bus terminus road has come as a boon for the thousands of pedestrians who have to cross it every day. \"The foot overbridge will ease the pressure of traffic in Badambadi area,\" said Cuttack mayor Saumendra Ghose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13652835", "title": "Vienna murder aftermath: HC asks govt to set up compensation commission in a week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the Punjab government to set up a compensation commission within one week to decide the claims of victims of large scale violence witnessed in some parts of the state in 2009, in the wake of the death of a particular community leader, Sant Ramanand, in Vienna of Austria.Directions were passed by a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh while hearing a PIL filed on the issue.In its orders, the bench has also specified that such commission should be headed by a retired judge of the high court and the state government should provide appropriate staff to the commission. The commission would determine the perpetrators of violence and the amount of compensation, which should not be more than double the total loss suffered by the victim. The bench also permitted the commission to engage the services of some assessors to estimate the losses, if required.The commission would work under the supervision of the HC and can approach court at any point of time for any assistance.The death of Sant Ramanand in Austria on May 24, 2009 had triggered large scale violence in Jalandhar, Phaghwara, Hoshiarpur and some other towns of Punjab.Importantly, it was only after cognizance of the matter was taken by the high court, the state police swung into action and started registering cases.The matter had reached the HC in December 2010 through a PIL by Phagwara branch of General Samaj Manch through their counsel, Hitesh Kaplish. Advocate Kaplish had sought directions for fixing responsibility of each and every official concerned in the administration for failure to anticipate such violence and punish the culprits.Punjab police had to face the wrath of the high court for not taking any tangible action against those involved in the violence and even the state home secretary as well as DGP had also been summoned in person by the high court for their failure to take action in the matter. Following HC intervention, 75 cases were registered, 57 persons were arrested, around 445 witnesses identified and statements of around 258 persons recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652179", "title": "10 judicial officials ordered to go", "text": "RANCHI: Following the recommendation of the Jharkhand high court, chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday ordered compulsory retirement for 10 judicial officials on the grounds of unsatisfactory performance. All the judges are above 50 years and have been offered three months salary as compensation.The judges are principal judge, family court, Dumka, Mahesh Prasad Sinha, additional law advisor Indradev Mishra , civil judge ( senior division ), Ranchi Murari Prasad Singh, secretary, district legal services authority (DLSA) Jamshedpur Brijesh Bahadur Singh, special secretary, cabinet (vigilance) department Pradeep Kumar Singh, chief judicial magistrate, Sariekela-Kharsawan Indrasan Yadav, district and additional sessions judge, Giridih, Nirmal Kumar Agarwal , DLSA Sahibganj secretary Ashok Kumar, additional chief judicial magistrate Godda Sayed Mohamad Wasim, and subdivisional judicial magistrate Deogarh (Madhupur) Radha Bhatnagar. tnnCivil judge (senior division ) Ranchi Satya Prakash has been transferred as deputy registrar, the Jharkhand State Legal Services Authority Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651416", "title": "Privacy setting offered for your socio-economic profile", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Those of you who do not want details of their socio-economic profile to be put in public domain should inform the designated nodal officer of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) for each ward involved in the survey. A mammoth work of collecting Socio-Economic &amp; Caste Census (SECC-2011) is on at the moment , mainly to ensure that government benefits go to the much needy and the government also know an economic profile of its citizens.The state department for rural development has already notified all municipal bodies to place advertisements in local dailies inviting objection from individual families. The objections have to be made by individual families within 15 days of the advertisement and a format for the request will be available with the nodal officer.While it is the charge officers at the AMC in the city level, in rural villages and small towns it will be the mamlatdars and taluka development officers (TDO) who will be responsible for taking the objections from the public. A communique from the economic advisor to the government of India Parthapratim Mitra on May 9 had informed all state departments of rural development that several families have not consented to make their socio-economic profile to be put in public domain. This according to Mitra is because of the \"misinformation spread amongst public regarding the survey.\"The survey will rank the households based on socio-economic status and education status of various castes. The delay could undermine the central government's attempt to plug the leakages in the Targeted Public Distribution System (TPDS) and delay in the Food Security Bill expected to be implemented in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13651090", "title": "Civil society slams Hazare\u2019s principles", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of civil society members have slammed anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare for never speaking against communalism which, the activists feel, is more dangerous than monetary corruption. At the launch of the book Anna Hazare Upsurge: A critical appraisal, a collection of essays edited by Asghar Ali Engineer and Ram Puniyani, activists rubbished the Hazare-led movement as detrimental to India's secular democracy.\"The movement is a humbug and is completely politically-motivated,\" said retired Bombay HC judge Justice Hosbet Suresh. He said India didn't need Lokpal bill as it would \"create a parallel authoritarian bureaucracy\". Instead, he said that a movement should be launched to pass the Rights of Citizens for Time-Bound Delivery of Goods and Services and Redressal of their Grievances Bill 2011, which was tabled in the Lok Sabha but was never passed.Engineer questioned Hazare's credentials as a Gandhian. \"The media wrongly calls him a Gandhian. He is known to not just advocate violence but even practice it to get alcoholics shun alcoholism. There is no place for violence in Gandhian principles,\" he said while criticizing Hazare for allegedly mistreating Dalits in his village.Puniyani called team Anna \"blackmailers\" who indulged in arm-twisting to get through their point of view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13654072", "title": "Diesel supply to be restored soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The tankers will bring a total of 67,000 kilolitres of petrol and diesel to the city.IOC executive director V K Jayachandran said supply of fuel would be restored with the diesel from the oil tankers. \" Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd , one of the primary suppliers to the city, is maintaining normal production and oil companies will work extended hours this week and, if required, on Sunday to ensure that fuel is supplied across the city,\" he said.After six straight days without petrol and an unprecedented shortage of petrol, prices of essential commodities and vegetables threatened to spiral out of control on Tuesday. Several localities dependent on water supply by tanker lorries were left without drinking water and regular life was hit in the city.Private transport agencies limited operations and small businesses dependent on generators were severely affected, but queues outside petrol bunks began to grow smaller by the evening as dealers received stock from oil companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670217", "title": "DJ Teenu Arora to go international", "text": "Teenu Arora, DJ and producer, is all set to release his first vocal house compilation globally.His international album, produced by 3 rd Rock Entertainment, 'Dreams', is a collaborative effort with Mumbai based singers and song-writers like Megha Bhardwaj, Aditi Singh Sharma and Ramya Iyer.It also features remixes by deejays from all over the world. The music video for the title track, 'Dreams', will be premiering soon on music channels globally.'Dreams' the main track of the compilation, written and sung by Megha, is a main room progressive track with an infectious melody, powerful vocals, heavy chords, a bouncy bass line, coupled with a playful Sitar piece, giving it the Indian flavor bound to have global appeal to clubbers all over the world. Also having remixes by In out (Israel), Kid Lopez (UK), and popular Indian DJ's, producers like DJ NYK, Anish Sood, DJ Rummy, DJ Kash and DJ Ravish, the compilation seems promising.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652887", "title": "CM can't afford confrontation with Centre: MP", "text": "PANAJI: The state should avoid a confrontation with the Centre, felt Goa's Rajya Sabha member of parliament Shantaram Naik.His comments assume significance in the light of chief minister Manohar Parrikar disregarding Union home minister P Chidambaram's orders relieving the state DIG.Naik felt \"the state would not be able to afford confrontation with the central government as this will not be in the interest of the state\".He said that while high profile chief ministers like Narendra Modi may be able to adopt a confrontational approach towards the Centre, Parrikar would not be able to do the same as a number of central government-funded schemes are being implemented in the state.Naik also felt that it was good that Parrikar realized the disadvantage of not having a separate state cadre in light of the current DIG saga.Naik, who said he had been demanding a separate state cadre for a while without receiving much support towards the same, stated that \"if the Goa government moots the matter, I will see that the issue is moved forward (in Delhi) on my own\".He also felt the state needed a separate high court but said he would wait for a consensus among lawyers before proceeding on the same. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650822", "title": "Plan panel approves Rs 45,000 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan got a pleasant surprise on Tuesday when the planning commission approved Rs 45,000 crore for 2012-13. After a marathon meeting between Chavan and his battery of bureaucrats led by chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and planning commission officials led by deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, the commission agreed to enhance the annual plan size by Rs 3,000 crore from previous year's Rs 42,000 crore.\"The state has been taking effective measures to accelerate growth and make it more inclusive. Performance of the state continues to be appreciable. The percentage population living below poverty line in the state has come down appreciably from 38.2% in 2004 to 24.5% in 2010,\" Ahluwalia said.The planning commission also appreciated state's performance in managing malnutrition, skill development and implementation of JNNURM projects. It was pointed out that in the past five years, malnutrition in the state has come down from 56.1% to 15.5%. Attention was also drawn to problems in education sector, especially number of children out of school and literacy gap in some areas. Chavan brought to the notice of the commission that the gross state domestic product of the state increased from Rs 4.14 lakh crore in 2004 to Rs 7.75 lakh crore in 2011.Also, there was a steady increase in the per capita net state domestic product, compared to the all India average. The chief minister also told the commission that in the past five years, the state has attracted investments worth Rs 2.7 lakh crore in 324 mega projects, providing employment to 3 lakh persons. He also said that projects worth Rs 1.12 lakh crore have been finalized in the current fiscal year and 75% of the mega projects are in backward areas that helps reduce the regional imbalance in development. On infrastructure sector, Chavan said railway is a subject reserved in the Union list, so expecting the states to make large contribution is unrealistic, particularly in view of limitations of finances. The state government has sought intervention for limiting state's contribution to 25% of construction cost of railway line.The state has decided to improve and strengthen infrastructure for air transport of passenger and cargo for boosting growth of backward areas. \"The total requirement for civil aviation projects in the 12th plan is Rs 15,395 crore. We have urged the Centre to provide at least 50% share as special grants,\" Chavan said. The CM urged the Planning Commission and the Centre to create a separate line of fun8ding for addressing the challenges of mega cities and introduction of the concept of national projects for these cities, which would entitle them to receive 90% funding from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668378", "title": "Folk music icon Doc Watson dies at 89", "text": "Doc Watson, the Grammy-winning blind singer-songwriter, passed way on Tuesday. He was 89.According to People magazine , Watson had been hospitalized in Winston-Salem , N.C., for abdominal surgery.Arthel Lane Watson, who was born in North Carolina, lost his eyesight as an infant due to an infection.However, he went on to have a successful career as a bluegrass and folk musician, known for recordings including \"Tom Dooley\" and \"Shady Grove.\"Watson toured and recorded with his son, Eddy Merle, from the mid-1960s through the early 1980s.Unfortunately, Merle was killed in a tractor accident on their family farm back in 1985.However, in the 2000's, Watson was often joined onstage by his grandson, Merle's son Richard.In all, Watson has won seven Grammy awards during his career, as well as a lifetime achievement award in 2004.In 1997, he was honoured with the National Medal of Arts from then President Bill Clinton .Watson is survived by his daughter, Nancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650214", "title": "Man murdered in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old man was murdered in his Bhayander (E) flat on Monday night. Police said that neighbours had heard sounds coming from the victim's flat but chose to ignore them, and the body was found only on Tuesday afternoon.Sureshkumar Choudhary was alone at flat at Saisheen Park, Navghar, as his wife and three children had gone to their native town in Bihar a month back on vacations. Police said that the victim was strangled to death with the wire of an iron in the house. His mouth was also gagged and his head, forehead and stomach bore severe injury marks. Serious injuries were also found on his private parts, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13654024", "title": "Court refuses to stop acquisition of education trust\u2019s land", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tiruvannamalai-based educational institution, whose 36 acres had been acquired by the state for an industrial expansion scheme, has failed to earn any reprieve from the Madras high court.Sri Venkateswara Educational and Charitable Trust, which runs several educational institutions on its sprawling campus at Cheyyar, approached the high court questioning the move to take over 63 acres for the SIPCOT Industrial Expansion Scheme. It wanted 36.2 acres to be exempted from acquisition, saying it was planning to start an engineering college at the site.Noting that the acquisition notification was published for a total of 63 acres, it said the trust wrote to the district collector for the exemption. Though the district administration forwarded the letter to the special commissioner for land administration with a recommendation that the exemption be given, the government issued a final notification directing the trust to surrender the entire land.Justice K Chandru pointed out that the additional government pleader had produced a copy of a government order dated March 27, 2012 rejecting the exemption request of the trust on the ground that it would 'disturb the contiguity' of the industrial expansion scheme. After considering the proposal sent by the district collector and commissioner, the state government held that there was no case for grant of exemption, it was submitted.Concurring with the government's submissions, Justice Chandru pointed out that there was no construction activity on the lands and added that the SIPCOT was of the view that any exemption would adversely affect their expansion programme. \"In view of the above, there is no case made out to entertain the petition. This court is satisfied that necessary statutory procedures had been followed before the acquisition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665322", "title": "Kevin Costner feeling neglected by Obama", "text": "Kevin Costner helped out Barack Obama in his election campaign in 2008, but the president is yet to return the favour, the actor has said.Often incorrectly identified as a Republican, he recalls being neglected by the man he helped run for president.\"I voted for Obama and actually went off and stumped for him in Colorado. Then I never heard from him,\" the Politico quoted him as telling Hollywood Reporter .Costner is as loyal to his films as he is to some friends-and disappointed when that isn't reciprocated. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652498", "title": "Upgraded planetarium opens up city horizon with more shows", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Imagine stepping into a room that magically transforms into outer space and being suspended in air as if space walking! That is exactly the effect the new upgraded Pathani Samata Planetarium in the city has on visitors. After a major facelift, the planetarium was reopened for public on Tuesday with a new set of shows, 3D view and enhanced capacity.State science and technology minister Niranjan Pujari inaugurated the renovated planetarium, which was closed for renovation since August 23, last year.\"Our planetarium is the first fully digital planetarium in eastern India with latest technology. Now we can provide more and latest information in astronomy and space science to children and can provide a better view of celestial and cosmological events,\" said deputy director of the planetarium, Subhendu Patnaik.Earlier, with the old machines only two shows could be screened per day, while now with the new digital facility, any number of films can be screened with 3D-motion effects. Films can also be directly downloaded and projected through the Internet. An estimated Rs 7 crore was spent on the renovation of the planetarium, official sources said.The planetarium first opened in 1990 with the then latest technology. \"But over the years technology has advanced like anything. The shows we are showing to children have become obsolete and monotonous. Children know much more than what we are showing them. So our aim is to present something new, startling and exciting to them,\" Patnaik added.On the inaugural day, a special show was organized on 'Mysteries of Night Sky'. Besides, there are eight different shows ready for children including 'The Wonders of Universe' and 'Secrets of the Sun', while visitors can also select shows from a rich online database. There are also two animation films available for viewing -- 'Map of Chocolate Planet' and 'Zulu Petrol'. The duration of each show is between 20 and 40 minutes.\"There is also a facility to create one's own show and we are working on a few specialized shows on 'Life and Contribution of Pathani Samanta' and 'Walks through Odisha',\" Patnaik said. Special shows can also be organized for schools on request, officials said.Installation of the digital planetarium system was conducted under the supervision of a high-level technical committee formed by the science and technology department. The committee included directors of Nehru Centre, Mumbai, Birla Planetarium, Kolkata, and Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653138", "title": "High temperature, dipping water table", "text": "LUCKNOW: The high day time temperature is not only leaving people high and dry, but has also shrunken the ground water level in some parts of the state capital alarmingly. The Lucknow Jal Sansthan has detected a sharp plunge in the ground water level by six to eight feet in the central parts of the state capital within a period of just one week.According to Jal Sansthan officials, the fall has essentially been noticed in high density areas like Hazratganj, Daliganj, Aminabad and Chowk where the demand for water has gone up significantly. The extractable water table in all these areas is already in the range of over 90 metres. And the alarming nature of the situation can be gauged from the fact that the annual rate of decline in ground water table in these areas was in the range of one to 1.5 metres. Experts attribute this sudden increase in the demand for water to the ever rising population coupled with installation of more and more hand pumps and bore wells in some of these areas. In VIP areas like Darul Shafa, the ground water level has plunged significantly.The sudden fall has further added stress to the ever declining ground water table and lowering the pressure that in turn has affected the growing water needs of parched people of Lucknow. \"We are keeping a close watch on the situation,'' said general manager of Lucknow Jal Sansthan, Rajeev Bajpai. He said that the demand for water has registered has sharp increase in last one week because of which the tube wells appear to be getting stressed.The 550 million litres of ground water is being extracted daily through over 500 odd tube-wells of Jal Sansthan, 400 tube wells in multi-storeyed buildings, 200 borings in various state and Central government departments and around 10,000 deep borings done by people for commercial and domestic purposes. However, the replenishment measures have not been enough thereby causing a stressed ground water situation.\"There is no proper method to assess the availability of ground water,\" said ground water expert, RS Sinha. \"We all tend to go by the sharp fall in the ground water level. But that cannot be a precise estimation,\" he said. Official sources in the state ground water board said that like all other cities, Lucknow too lacks the urban governance to control fast declining ground water table.According to the ground water experts, the depth of ground water level (the level at which water table is settled) should be in the range of 8 metres, which is the threshold limit. However, in case of Lucknow this figure has gone down to 15 metres and even more, which is alarming. Importantly, the level from which the water can be extracted is between 90 mts to over 100 mts. Experts suggest that it is not until curbs are placed on installation of tube wells and bore wells that the situation will improve. \"Emphasis also needs to be placed on maximum utilisation of surface water,\" said an official in the state ground water department. The coming of third water works that is fed with water from Sharda Shayak canal, did ease out the stress in some parts of the trans-Gomti areas.Locality Depth (in metres)Lucknow University 27.51Rajajipuram 28.60Narhi 31.06Gomtinagar 21.35Indiranagar 26.13Niralanagar 29.55Gulistan colony 31.30Annual Rate of depletion (in metres)Niralanagar 0.81Gomtinagar 1.5Indiranagar 1.15", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13652099", "title": "Turning the solar switch on to beat the power crisis", "text": "MADURAI: On Monday afternoon, when the power supply was suspended abruptly in Theni, residents were resigned to their fate to beat the sweltering heat, while office rooms came to a standstill.But one building that continued with its business as usual was the office of the Planters Energy Network (PEN), an NGO that offers electricity solutions to the plantation industry. But for the air-conditioner, the entire electricity needs of the office are met with solar power.The office has solar panels of two MW capacity that generate up to 14 units of electricity everyday to power six desktops, one laptop, 10 fluorescent bulbs and six fans.\"The office consumes 18 units of electricity every day. Three units go for the air-conditioner and the motor pumpset for which we depend on grid power. The rest of the power requirement is met by the solar energy,\" says C Palaniappan, chief executive officer of PEN.Palaniappan claims that PEN was the first organisation in the state to go for almost complete green energy. Though solar panels are investment intensive, in the long run they are economical and ecological, he says. \"Solar panels of one KW capacity cost Rs 2.5 lakh. The government extends a subsidy of Rs 81,000 for one KW,\" Palaniappan says.Solar panels absorb heat from beam light when it is sunny or diffused radiation when it is cloudy. Unless there is continuous rain for days together, the solar panels would continue to generate electricity that could be stored in cells, he said. Once installed, the panels have a life of 25 years.He pointed out that one KW solar panels generate four to seven units per day which is adequate for a medium household. \"But we could check the power requirements and design the system accordingly. Solar panels are apt for any kind of household or office. In fact it is high time that we go green. There will not be coal or any fossil fuel in future. Besides, fossil fuel consumption is also contributing to global warming. We have to prepare ourselves to sustain in future,\" Palaniappan said.PEN has offered green energy solutions to many industries, especially in the plantation sector to meet the electricity requirements. \"There is a growing awareness among public on renewable energy. Many companies, architects and engineers as well as individuals approach us to provide solar energy solutions,\" says Palaniappan who had served as a teaching faculty in the Madurai Kamaraj University and a visiting faculty to universities in Italy and Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670332", "title": "\u201cAla Modalainde\u201d was originally \u201cPrema Thokka Tholu\u201d", "text": "The original title of the film \" Ala Modalainde\" was \"Prema Thokka Tholu\". When director Nandini Reddy initially wrote the script, she considered the title \"Prema Thokka Tholu\".However, as the script underwent several changes and Nandini Reddy wanted the scenes and characterizations to be close to real life, the crew finally decided the title as \"Ala Modalaindi\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651262", "title": "Gonde industrial development project: Land measurements begin", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has started measurement of land for creation of an additional industrial area in Gonde, 30 kms from Nashik, near Igatpuri.The MIDC had earmarked 128 hectares of land for the development of this is new industrial area. in Gonde, near Igatpuri in Nashik district.According to the notification issued in 2008 by the state government, MIDC had begun has started the land acquisition procedure. Accordingly, the measurement of the proposed land in 128 hectares of land inGonde has been started and it is expected to be completed in next 10 days.Speaking to TOI, Ramdas Khedkar, MIDC's Nashik division regional officer, Nashik division, MIDC, said, \"MIDC had earmarked around 128 hectares land, owned by around 300 farmers, for the new industry in Gonde near Nashik. Earlier, the farmers were protesting to give their land to the industry, but we have convinced them to part with it. farmers for the acquisition of the land.According to the per the government notification in the year 2008, we have started measurement of the proposed land. It is expected to be completed within the next 10 days.\"When asked about the progress of land acquisition for the Nashik-Sinnar railway line for the proposed special economic zone (SEZ) project in Sinnar, he said, \"We recently had a meeting with the farmers from Sinnar in the presence of Nashik district collector P Velarasu, in Nashik.But, farmers are refusing to give their land and are demanding Rs. 1 core per acre, which is really really unjustified. We have offered Rs. 30 lakh per acre for irrigated land and Rs. 20 lakh per acre for dry land. We hope the matter will be solved soon.\"Khdekar added that additional land has been earmarked in Dindori tehsil as well.\"We have additionally earmarked 403 hectares for new industrial areas in Dindori tehsil and will be holding meetings with farmers over this also. We are trying to give good price to all the farmers and they must also lend their support to the MIDC for land acquisition. Besides, 15% per cent of the developed land is also going to be returned them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664377", "title": "Veena Malik learns salsa", "text": "Veena Malik has been doing lot of things these days. After signing her Kannada film, the actress will be seen shaking her leg on Salsa in a commercial.Inspired by Madonna's Salsa dance moves, Veena will be dancing on Salsa in an ad for 'Stay on'. She has been learning her step by Choreographer Longinus Fernandes. When asked about her Salsa dancing she said, \"Dancing is my passion. I love Dance and Salsa is a new thing for me. I am quite nervous and excited about this project. Salsa is like good music, it elevates the spirit and it's an exhilarating freedom\".Longinus Fernandes choreographed the song ' Jai Ho ' from the movie ' Slumdog Millionaire '. When asked about teaching Veena, Longinus Fernades said, \"Veena is crazy about dancing. She is a good dancer and has a skill to adapt a dance move and present it beautifully. She is a dancing star.\"Let's wait for the commercial and see how good Veena is in Salsa dancing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649917", "title": "Nine months on, bizman held for duping investors", "text": "MUMBAI: A Malad-based businessman, Avra Ghose, was arrested on Tuesday for cheating 50 investors of over Rs 1.5 crore. The complainant, Shyam Ahuja, was made to run around for nine months from one officer to another before action was taken in the case. However, a senior police officer said the delay was unintentional.In August last year, Ahuja, secretary of Mumbai Depositors' and Finance Brokers' Welfare Association, lodged a complaint with the crime branch-later referred to the economic offences wing-against Ghose, partner of Shakti Healthcare, for not repaying investors. Ahuja acted as an advisor and introduced the company to the investors.In October, the EOW referred the matter to Malad police station, saying it does not fall under its ambit. At Malad, the police recorded investors' statements but did not register an FIR. In January this year, Ahuja wrote to police chief Arup Patnaik who directed the EOW to examine the complaint. On May 18, a few days after Ahuja complained to home minister R R Patil, the EOW registered the FIR. While the police were unsuccessful in their first attempt to pick up Ghose, on Tuesday, he was brought to the EOW, questioned and arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13651463", "title": "Greater Noida to get country\u2019s first night safari park", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority is all set to revive its ambitious 102-hectare 'Night Safari Park,' on the lines of the Singapore night zoo, near Gautam Budh Nagar University. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav gave an in-principle approval to the project, proposed by the Mulayam government in 2005, in a meeting on Monday.The project could not take off at the time since it was yet to get a clearance from the Supreme Court, which banned setting up of new zoos taking into account the deplorable conditions of the existing ones. By the time the court's clearance came in 2009, the Authority realized it was unable to finance the project and the safari park was deemed unfeasible.\"The project was very well received by the public when it had initially been proposed. Now that the CM has approved the safari park, it will take off soon,\" said the Industrial Development Commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta. \"Bernard Harrison will be the consultants for the project and Greater Noida Authority shall be a partner. The project will be based on a Public Private Partnership model,\" Gupta added.When the zoo was proposed in 2005, it was to be kept open from 7pm to midnight and was to have nocturnal animals like leopards, hyenas and owls sourced from within India, besides big cats from South Africa and South American countries to make it a major tourist attraction. The visitors were to be taken around on battery-operated, noiseless, pollution-free and a no-headlights train.Incidentally, the current CEO of the Noida Authority, Sanjiv Saran, and the current chairperson of the Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities, Rakesh Bahadur, were the officials heading the Greater Noida Authority when the safari park was first proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653035", "title": "World Bank to inject Rs 800 crore to improve UP's health", "text": "LUCKNOW: The World Bank is all set to lend a helping hand to the Akhilesh Yadav government to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare services in the state. The target would be achieved through a project, called Uttar Pradesh Health Systems Strengthening Project (UPHSSP) worth Rs 800 crore. Financed by the International Development Association, the World Bank's concessionary lending arm - the project aims to help state health and family welfare department cope up with institutional constraints. A memorandum of understanding to this effect has been signed.\"The amount is about 18% of the grants sanctioned for the National Rural Health Mission to UP for 2012-13 fiscal. However, the purpose of the project would catalyse achievement of targets set under NRHM. Activities planned under UPHSSP would streamline the working of health directorates - the back bone of health delivery system - by weaving in elements of transparency, accountability and efficiency through introduction of new processes and system,\" said Ahmed Hasan, UP's health and family welfare minister who would formally launch the project on June 7.Officials associated with the project reveal that interventions through UPHSSP are to be made into two broad heads. The first one relates to strengthening the department's management and accountability systems. \"In this, family welfare department's health and knowledge resource centre would be used to form strategies for making a better use of the available work force. For example: There are close to 100 joint director rank officials posted in the health directorate, but they are not engaged in real work. In fact, as per reports, they do not even know what their duty is. Similarly, there is a dearth of treatment protocols (a prescribed format for attending specific type of patients). An uniform format for making a patient case sheet admitted to a health centre is also missing. \"The project would address these and many such issues to improve overall functioning of the health and family welfare directorate,\" said an officer.Funds will also be used to for streamlining data entry and record management processes down the line or improve decision making through the existing accounting and auditing systems. \"This would involve computerisation of heath facilities and linking them with a central server. Once achieved, this will help in providing better treatment to a patient, whose history would be accessible to doctor from any part of the state,\" sources said. In another project, the working of the central medical stores depot would be overhauled completely. As per plans, storage of medicines and hospital supplies would be computerised and their handling would be equipped with processes like digital impressions to check pilferage.The second component will stress on linking the private sector for larger benefit of the people. Activities in this segment would relate to capacity building for quality assurance, environment management and public private partnerships, assisting public sector hospitals to achieve National Accreditation Board of Hospitals (NABH) accreditation. One of the major projects in this area include the health geographical information system in which all the government hospitals, primary and community health centres will be digitally mapped through a network. The aim is to keep a track of human resource, equipments, medicines and deficiencies' at a central location.The project has succeeded a previous World Bank project called UP Health Systems Development Project (UPHSDP) which was meant to build basic infrastructure for health in the state. It had an active involvement in areas like reproductive and child health, immunisation, polio eradication and disease control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "13652025", "title": "Industry calls for state-wide bandh tomorrow", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: The unprecedented hike in the price of petrol has left people from all walks of life fuming in Madurai.While political parties are staging a series of protests condemning the price hike and demanding a roll back, the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNhas called for a state-wide bandh on Thursday. Shops and trade establishments owing allegiance to the industry body are expected to remain closed in the day. Several other organisations have expressed resentment over the price hike and have declared that they would stay off roads on the day.In a statement, TNCCI senior president S Rethinavelu and N Jegatheesan have said that the petrol price hike of Rs 7.54 per litre announced by oil companies has affected all sections of the including the trade and industry. \"Central and state governments levy taxes to the tune of Rs 48 per lite of petrol. If they come forward to reduce this huge tax on petrol, the price could be moderated,\" the statement said.The TNCCI has urged trade and industrial institutions to join the bandh from 6am to 6pm on May 31 in a bid to pressurise Central government to withdraw the steep hike.The auto drivers owing allegiance to AITUC staged a protest in Madurai on Tuesday demanding a rollback of the hike. A section of the auto drivers have also decided not to ply on May 31. The auto drivers contended that while the government was not revising the fare structure there was frequent rise in petrol costs affecting their livelihood.Meanwhile, in Trichy, the AIADMK organised a rally as part of the state-wide protest against the Central government for the steep hike in petrol price. The protesters demonstrated in a novel way by towing auto rickshaws with ropes and carrying two-wheelers on.The AIADMK conducted the protest in two places near Trichy railway junction and in Musiri the procession and the demonstration in the city drew the attention of many. The rally was led by AIADMK MP P Kumar, MLAs R Manoharan, M Paranjothi, corporation mayor A Jaya, deputy mayor Mariyam Ashik Meera and other party functionaries.Earlier, the two MLAs and MP took out a procession from TTC bus stand to reach the demonstration spot in front of Khadikraft office. Similarly, the cadres registered their protest by towing the auto rickshaws with ropes and carrying the two-wheelers on the biers.The protesters also raised slogans in support of the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to become the prime minister to effectively manage the uncontrolled petrol price rise and inflation. However, the people lamented about their protest saying that those (the AIADMK cadres) who raised the pitch against the Central government remained mute spectators when the AIADMK-led state government suddenly increased the prices of electricity and milk.In Musiri, the protests were led by MLAs T P Poonatchi and Indragandhi of the AIADMK. As the model code of conduct came into effect in Pudukkottai Assembly constituency, the party conducted the protests in Iluppur in Pudukkottai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649731", "title": "Sitaram Bazar city's hottest place", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's that time of the year when the scorching sun saps the energy out of you. But if you have been feeling the heat more in certain parts of the city, blame the 'urban heat island (UHI) effect.' Heat islands, as they have been termed by scientists, are hot neighbourhoods which can record temperatures almost 8 to 10 degrees higher than areas with dense green cover. With the highest UHI of 10.7 degree Celsius, Sitaram Bazar tops the list of such spots in the city.In a previous study called Delhi-I, conducted by IIT Delhi and Meisei University, Connaught Place (CP), Sitaram Bazar and Bhikaji Cama Place emerged as the hottest places with a UHI of around 8.3 degree Celsius. The team's latest study 'Delhi-II' has found that even night temperatures at these spots are equally high. At Sitaram Bazar, the night temperature is around 10.7 degree Celsius higher than the temperature at the coolest spot in the city. Scientists say that night temperatures are more in certain areas because during the day heat gets trapped in concrete structures like buildings.Not only areas in Delhi, but places in Noida, Janakpuri, Badarpur, Lajpat Nagar also recorded a high UHI. \"The reasons are obvious. The built-up area at these spots is much higher than other parts of the city. Moreover, heat generation from air-conditioners in cars and emissions from vehicles is more,\" said Manju Mohan, professor, Centre for Atmospheric Sciences, who has led the study.The team also compared Delhi's UHI with other cities like London (8 to 9 degrees), Beijing (7.9 degrees) and Tokyo (8.1 degrees). Though some parts of Delhi recorded a higher UHI than those in other cities, Mohan said, \"In foreign countries, UHI has been measured for different years so we cannot say that Delhi's UHI is the highest. But Delhi's UHI is surely comparable to other cities globally. Most urbanized cities are facing the same problem.\"The team is now working on how the UHI effect can be reduced. \"To reduce the impact of the built-up area, we have to increase the reflectivity of surfaces. Buildings can be painted white and insulating material can be used on walls. Vegetation in these areas must be increased to minimize the UHI effect,\" Mohan added. Environment Protection Agency (EPA) of the US also suggests increasing the reflectivity of roofs and pavements.Meanwhile, residents of Sitaram Bazar blame cooling devices like air-conditioners for the extreme heat. \"Houses in the area are very closely built and heat from the ACs doesn't get enough space to flow out. May be that makes the area hotter than other parts of Delhi,\" said Salim, a shopkeeper. \"Scarcity of trees in the area also makes it warmer,\" said a cloth merchant.Those who frequent CP felt that ongoing construction work could also be contributing factor escalating the heat. Bijay Mandal, a security guard at CP, said, \"Delhi Metro work and the increased pollution levels have turned the area into a furnace. There are 5-6 machines running here which emit enormous amounts of heat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13652235", "title": "MCC looks up to illuminate palace on all days of week", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation is looking to tap solar power in a big way. If it has its way, the Mysore Palace will be illuminated using solar power, while other tourist spots will switch over to eco-friendly energy sources. The civic body, which is the nodal agency for the implementation of ambitious JnNURM projects, has approached the Centre with a proposal to utilise solar energy to illuminate the palace.It also plans to set up a solar power grid at a site where houses for economically poor are under construction and plans to sell additional energy to power utilities. MCC commissioner K S Raykar on Tuesday said the Centre has pledged financial assistance to the city, which is marked as Solar City. According to him, assistance to the tune of Rs 16,012 crore will flow into the city over the next five years, and the people and agencies, which switch to use solar energy, will get help.MCC is starting with its properties by switching over to solar energy at its headquarters and nine zonal offices. \"They will be replicated at some of the vintage spots which are now dependent on hydro or thermal power,\" Raykar, an expert in urban management, said at a workshop on renewable energy hosted by Karnataka Renewable Energy Development Ltd (KREDL).Ahead of implementing projects under the Solar City, KREDL has opened its Mysore office at Devaraja Market and spreading awareness about its mission. Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy inaugurated the meet. Raykar said the proposal to generate solar power to illuminate the palace is with the Union government and in case it is approved, the palace can be illuminated on all days of the week. Now, the palace is illuminated on weekends, during 10-days Dasara festivities, and on national holidays. The mandate of Solar City project is to adapt to eco-friendly energy source.Referring to Gujarat where 640 MW of solar power is generated, he said: \"In all, 77 houses funded by the Centre are under construction in the city, which will have mechanism to generate solar power. The energy produced will be pooled in a grid, and the additional power is planned to be sold and the money will be passed on to the owner of the property,\" he stated.As part of strategy for optimal use of renewable energy sources, MCC is planning to set up mini-biogas plants at some 2,000 houses wherein biodegradable waste will be used for energy generation. \"We are also supplying biodegradable waste generated daily at the main markets to Pinjarapole Society and using the cow dung to generate power,\" Raykar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652212", "title": "Anna has old ties with us, says RSS", "text": "NAGPUR: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh joint general secretary Dattatray Hosbale on Tuesday said that the organization had old ties with anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare and would continue to support his movement. The remark comes in the wake of Anna's recent statements disowning any links with the RSS and having known its functionaries.Hosbale, seen by many as the man being groomed as the next RSS chief, was categorical when he said, \"We have no issues with Anna distancing from the RSS and it is for the people to interpret it. But it is a fact that when HV Sheshadri was general secretary of the RSS (in the mid 80s), Anna had addressed a summer camp of RSS third year trainees on rural development. Later, the RSS also held a special camp at Ralegan Siddhi, Anna's hometown,\" he said.He was addressing reporters on the sidelines of the RSS annual camp for trainees which got underway at the Reshimbagh grounds here. A 1013 activists from all over the country are participating in it. Known for being very choosy in interacting with media, Hosbale was more than willing to speak on topics like Anna Hazare, controversial Sanjay Joshi's resignation from the BJP post and the changing of rules to grant a second consecutive term to the BJP president which should enable Nitin Gadkari continue at the helm.Asked about the reported displeasure among some senior BJP leaders over the decision to amend rules, Hosbale said, \"Differences and varied voices are a sign of democracy. If there is no such dissent in a party it would be akin to dictatorship.\" The remark made it clear that the RSS was firmly behind Gadkari. \"How the leaders deal with this decision is a test for them,\" he added.On Joshi's resignation from the BJP national executive as a condition imposed by Narendra Modi to attend the conclave which concluded in Mumbai last week, Hosbale said it was an internal matter for the BJP and Gadkari was free to take a call on it. \"If Joshi wants to return to RSS work, we could welcome him,\" said Hosbale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652072", "title": "Janmanch wants MSEDCL to revert to old billing system", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has launched various projects to reduce the complaints of consumers. But, in Congress Nagar division, the complaints have increased by 10 times in the last three months.Social organization Janmanch, in a press release, has stated that the complaints are on the rise ever since the new system of meter reading and issuing of electricity bills has been put in place. \"There are around 1.20 lakh consumers in the Congress division, the only division left with the MSEDCL in the city. The MSEDCL used to receive 150-200 complaints on electricity bills every month. Since March, the complaints have reached 1,500-2,000 putting a serious question mark on the MSEDCL's service here,\" said the organization.The release added that the photo meter reading system used to successful. \"Few other states have adopted the system on the lines of MSEDCL. Even the MSEDCL had an option of spot billing system. Yet, it launched the new system. An enquiry should be conducted after which the new system should be scrapped,\" Janmanch demanded.The demand was made by the NGO's president Anil Killor, vice-president Pramod Pande, Rajiv Jagtap, Manoj Chatap and other office bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652009", "title": "NMC launches KRA project, sets year-long developmental works agenda", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time in the history of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), a year-long agenda of developmental works have been set under Key Result Area (KRA) project. The agenda has been set separately for each department to ensure timely completion of the projects and quality civic services.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has prepared the department-wise agenda and issued to all on May 25. A senior NMC official said, \"Chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad came with the KRA plan and directed all civic chiefs and collectors to work on a year-long agenda. Accordingly, Jaiswal convened few meetings of all head of the departments and collected data of future projects. After verifying the projects, the department-wise agenda was prepared. The head of the departments have to ensure completion of projects given in the agenda by the end of current financial year. Jaiswal will be reviewing the status of projects from time to time,\" he said.The KRA project seems to be very promising, but much depends on the how well it is implemented. For example, the Garden department has been given an agenda to prepare plan and develop 10 new gardens. Besides, the department has to replace the lights in five gardens to solar from non-conventional energy and install sewage treatment plants in five gardens.The Health department has got an agenda to improve the sanitation work and bring down the number of bins from 170 to 100 for making the city bin free.The Traffic department's agenda is to identify 90 junctions and install LED-based traffic signals with timers. Besides, the department has to identify locations and develop 200 city bus stop shelters on BOT basis. Similarly, the remaining departments have also been allotted related agenda.The departments-related to revenue like octroi, property tax, water works department etc have been asked to achieve the revenue target in the agenda apart from other developmental works.NMC not only proposes various developmental projects but also measures to improve the services. The KRA project would ensure timely follow up and provisions of funds as the agenda has been set up by the civic chief himself. Besides, the department-wise agenda set under KRA project will be send to the chief secretary who will also take review of the agenda from time to time. Thus, the pressure would be on the officials to ensure timely completion of the works given in the agenda. If everything goes according to the plan, the citizens may ensure proper civic services for which they are awaiting since long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13671169", "title": "Facebook IPO debacle: Zuckerberg drops off richest list", "text": "WASHINGTON: Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has dropped off Bloomberg's list of the richest 40 billionaires in the world after his social networking firm's disastrous launch on the US stockmarket.Earlier, Bloomberg's Billionaire Index had declared Zuckerberg the 29th richest person on Earth after Facebook Inc. sold 421.2 million shares valued for 38 dollars each.But now, the Facebook founder has fallen off the list entirely, The Los Angles Times reports.Zuckerberg's net worth reached a peak of 19.4 billion dollars on May 18, the first day of the Facebook IPO, when shares of the company closed at 38.23 dollars.By Tuesday, Facebook shares had dropped to just 28.84 dollars a share, and Zuckerberg's fortune was down to 14.7 billion dollars.Bloomberg's index measures only the wealth of the top 40 richest people in the world, and as of now, Zuckerberg is 800,000 dollars behind the current No. 40 on the list, Luis Carlos Sarmiento , a Columbian businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650853", "title": "Burglars strike in locked houses, steal Rs 21L valuables", "text": "MUMBAI: In separate incidents, burglars struck at two houses in Santa Cruz (W) and Hill Road in Bandra while the residents were not at home and stole jewellery and cash collectively worth Rs 21 lakh.A businessman's house on Ferozeshah Mehta Road in Santa Cruz (W) was burgled on Monday afternoon. The thieves stole gold and silver jewellery, cash, a laptop and three watches collectively worth Rs 20 lakh from the computer hardware businessman's first floor flat after breaking the door latch.In the other incident, burglars broke into an elderly couple's flat, about 250 metres from Bandra police station at Hill Road, around 4am on Tuesday and stole jewellery and cash collectively worth Rs 1 lakh. The couple, holidaying with their daughter's family in Lonavla at the time, returned after their neighbours informed them about the burglary in the morning. They had not heard anything while the house was being broken into.The family members said their house was burgled once before, in 2006. The case was not solved at that time.Police have registered a robbery case in both the incidents. The incidents are among a spate of robberies in the city as many families go out of the town on vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13653017", "title": "Case against new mayor, deputy mayor in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: While the CPM members were celebrating their maiden victory in the mayoral elections of Shimla municipal corporation, the police were busy in registering a case against the newly elected mayor, deputy mayor and other CPM activists for violating Section 144 of CrPC. The registration of an FIR has left the CPM workers fuming, who are describing the move as an act of frustration.A case has been registered against the CPM leaders and workers after they entered Mall Road from CTO in the shape of a rally in which slogans were also being raised. Shimla SP Sonal Agnihotri said a case was registered under Section 115(2) of HP Police Act and 188 of IPC against the CPI workers.The rally entered Mall Road after breaking the police cordon at CTO. From Scandal Point onwards Section 144 remains enforced in Shimla and no procession or slogan shouting is allowed beyond this point. But on Monday, thousands of CPM activists not only entered the Mall Road carrying their leaders, but also raised slogans throughout the procession. Police tried to stop the procession at CTO, Scandal Point and in front of the municipal corporation building, but it failed to disperse the crowd.A senior CPM leader said that earlier too political parties had been holding processions on Mall Road during elections. \"We would fight the issue politically,\" said the leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652084", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation starts process to examine illegal constructions in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The illegal and unauthorized constructions, along with old and weak structures, may face stringent action as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the process to examine all buildings in the city. Chief engineer AN Shambarkar has been appointed as special officer for structural examination of the buildings and necessary action.Following directives of the state government and amendment in the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has issued delegation order giving the responsibility of the powerful post to Shambarkar who is chief of the NMC's public works department. In the order, Jaiswal has empowered Shambarkar to exercise, perform and discharge all the powers and duties in respect of Section 286-A of CNC Act and CNC (Structural examination of buildings) Rules 2011 under CNC Act 1948.According to the order, the chief engineer has to appoint structural engineers. Later, he will call the ownership/occupancy-wise records, plans etc of all buildngs/strucrures from NMC and NIT. After verification of the buildings, the officer will serve notices to the persons violating construction bylaws. The officer, according to the nature of violation, may direct for either restoration of the buildings' foundation, plinth, floor or structural members or load bearing wall or removing, pulling down the unauthorized work within a time period. In case of non-compliance, the person concerned will be liable for imprisonment and fine.If everything goes well according to the guidelines, the NMC may prevent the incidents of collapsing of buildings like the one that happened in Kalamna. Besides, the NMC may correct deficiencies in the existing buildings to prevent any such incident. The demolition of weak buildings may be undertaken to prevent loss of life. Also NMC may force people to follow all bylaws and also obtain occupancy and other required certificates prior to bringing the buildings into use.Actually, the state government had made amendments in the CNC Act following incidents like Kalamna warehouse building collapse and directed the municipal commissioner to name a designated officer for the purpose. According to the amended Act, the non-compliance of suggestions from the officer will attract imprisonment period not less than three months and up to three years with a fine of Rs 10,000 to Rs 50,000 in case of notice served for restoration etc. Fine of Rs 1,000 will be slapped for each day of non-compliance even after conviction. In case of notice served for removing a structure, imprisonment period will be not be less than one month and up to one year. The fine will be between Rs 5,000 and Rs 25,000. It will increase by Rs 500 per day till compliance is done. The offence for non-compliance of notice will be cognisable and bailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651730", "title": "Gujarat varsity VC in award row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice-chancellor (VC) Parimal Trivedi's tryst with controversies continues unabated.The recently released souvenir of the Gujarat University (GU) dedicates a page detailing laurels bestowed on Trivedi. The souvenir claims that Trivedi was honored with Award for Best Research Work (2005-2006) by the Sardar Patel University (SPU) Vallabh Vidyanagar. However, RTI has revealed that Trivedi never received any such award! Head of physics department at SPU, K N Joshipura, has stated in the RTI reply that there is no information regarding any such award for best research that was given to the GU VC. The information was sought by one S P Patel in Vallabh Vidyanagar.Joshipura said that in 2005-2006, Trivedi was one of the many persons given PhD degrees. The varsity has also clarified that Trivedi has not received HariVallabhdas Chunilal Shah Research Award nor Bhaikaka Inter University Smarak prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13654880", "title": "The new sex code for teenagers", "text": "Radical provisions of the new Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (PCSOA) are both empowering and threatening to teenagers accustomed to mixing freely with others. The cause for concern goes beyond PCSOA criminalizing teenage sex by increasing the age of consent from 16 to 18. Teenagers would do well to know how this 'child-friendly' law could affect their lives, for better or for worse, and how different it is from the corresponding IPC provisions dealing with adults.Rape is gender neutral for juvenilesUnder IPC enacted in 1860, \"A man is said to commit rape.\" But under PCSOA, \"A person is said to commit penetrative sexual assault.\" This means that when it comes to adults, only women can be raped. PCSOA for the first time recognizes the possibility of a boy being raped by a girl or a womanDefinition of \"penetration\" has been expandedIn IPC's conception of rape, penetration is a necessary condition and it has been traditionally limited to penile vaginal intercourse. In the corresponding provision of PCSOA, the penile penetration need not be only of the vagina; it can be of the mouth, urethra or anus of the child. It also covers situations where the offender \"inserts, to any extent, any object or a part of the body, not being the penis, into the vagina, urethra or anus of the child\" . Equally unprecedented is the stipulation that oral sex with anybody below 18 would be treated as rapePenalty for molestation of a child enhancedUnder IPC, any man who outrages the modesty of a woman is liable to be punished with a maximum imprisonment of two years. As a result of the public outrage over the Ruchika Girhotra case, PCSOA stipulates that any adult who molests a child shall be awarded sentences ranging from three to five yearsNo close-in-age reprieve for statutory rapeWhile increasing the age of consent from 16 to 18, PCSOA failed to provide the safeguard adopted in liberal societies of taking a lenient view of consensual sex with a minor if the age gap between the partners is within three years. The absence of such a safeguard can have draconian implications for hormonally driven teenagersBurden of proof on the accused, not the victimDoing away with the presumption of innocence, PCSOA states that for sexual offences committed against children, the burden of proof shall be on the accused rather than the victim. This opens up scope for abuse: for, even if the accused is a minor, the defence case will always have to be presented first during the trialFalse complaint by a child not punishableIf an adult makes false allegations against somebody of committing a child sexual offence, such a person would be punished under PCSOA with imprisonment up to six months. But PCSOA exempts a child from such a liability. \"Where a false complaint has been made or false information has been provided by a child, no punishment shall be imposed on such child.\" This means that if one teenager makes a false allegation against another, the former is statutorily protected from any liability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650810", "title": "Drug &amp; rob gang busted, 1 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person has been held for robbing passengers of their belongings after offering them drinks laced with sedatives. Lal Chand took help of his accomplices as well, a police source said. The accused has been involved in two cases this year and 30 in the years gone by, the source said.Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP, southeast, said, \"A team at a police picket stopped a car for checking which instead of coming to a halt, tried to flee. Cops reacted quickly, chased the vehicle and stopped it. A pistol was recovered from the accused. Lal is a 'bad character' from Mayur Vihar area.\"Chaudhry said the accused along with his accomplices -Victor and Ravi - would visit railway stations and target passengers with money and valuables. They would befriend them and offer them a lift in their SUV. On the way they offered passengers drinks laced with sedatives rendering them unconscious. They then looted their belongings and money before dumping the passengers on the road. They mainly targeted army officers, who would come home on leave, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650969", "title": "2G scam: Former telecom secretary Behura seeks court's permission to travel abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam, on Tuesday moved a special CBI court seeking permission to visit his children abroad.On Behura's plea to visit Hong Kong for a week in June to meet his children who are settled there, special judge O P Saini sought CBI's response by May 31.Behura also moved the court for release of his documents, like his driving licence and those of his financial investments, seized by the CBI during the probe. The special court will hear these applications on Wednesday.Behura is facing charges of breach of trust by a public servant and criminal conspiracy under the Indian Penal Code for his alleged role in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.Behura was granted bail by the Supreme Court on May 9 after he was arrested by the CBI on February 2 last year along with former telecom minister A Raja and the latter's erstwhile private secretary R K Chandolia.Behura is facing trial in the case along with 13 persons and three companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651570", "title": "CBI seeks time in Tulsi case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought a one-month extension to complete probe in the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case. The central agency on Monday filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court registry stating that the investigation was on the verge of completion and the probe agency needed some more time to fill in some missing gaps. It also stated that the agency could file a chargesheet before the magisterial court in Ahmedabad within a month.This is the fourth time that the central agency has sought an extension. The apex court transferred investigation of this case to CBI in April last year asking it to complete the probe within six months. The previous term ended on May 28.In its chargesheet filed in 2010 in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, CBI claimed that Prajapati was gunned down by Gujarat and Rajasthan cops because he was an eyewitness to abduction of Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi in November 2005. CBI has been claiming that Tulsiram was the third person travelling with the couple in the Sangli-bound bus from Hyderabad. The claim contradicts Gujarat police theory that the third person was Andhra Pradesh's Kalimuddin.During the last extended period of investigation, the CBI questioned a couple of IPS officers from Andhra Pradesh. The investigators in this case had even sent arrest proposals to the CBI headquarters for seven persons a couple of months ago, but no further action seems to have taken place in this regard. The last investigating officer (IO) in this case, ASP Vinay Kumar was shown door at the fag end of investigation and supervisory authority, Tamgade was made an IO.Before the CBI took over last year, CID (crime) investigated the case for three years and arrested 12 policemen, including IPS officers D G Vanzara and Vipul Agrawal. Suspended SP Rajkumar Pandian has been shown as accused, but not arrested despite him being in judicial custody. The cop has expressed displeasure over the issue in a letter to the CBI director.Loot accused alleges torture in custodyAhmedabad: Former senior executive of ICICI Bank, Lakhpreet Singh Sayan, who was arrested in connection with an incident of loot and firing near Parimal Garden, complained before metropolitan magistrate J S Patel about custodial torture.When produced before the court on Tuesday by the police to seek seven-day remand of him, Sayan told the court that he was severely beaten up by cops in custody. The accused also showed injury marks to the magistrate in open court. The court immediately sent Sayan to the Civil Hospital for medical treatment and sought report from the hospital whether he sustained %injuries during police custody, said his counsel Mitesh Amin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13650513", "title": "Students can register online with employment exchange office", "text": "COIMBATORE: Schools can register the names of their students in the employment exchange website on Tuesday when the marks lists are issued at the school itself. This is the second year where students can register their names online through the employment exchange websites.The marks lists can be uploaded at the time of issue. Students should bring copies of their ration cards and community certificates. The headmaster of a government school said that this year the marks lists will be accompanied by photographs and computer codes. This will deter people from indulging in duplicate certificates.PV Antony, the Principal of Suguna RIP V School said that the move was very helpful to students last year. \"The online registration had helped students avoid queuing at the employment exchange offices. This year also we hope that the move will benefit students,\" he said.Education officials said that teachers have been trained for this purpose. \"Teachers were instructed on how to help students register their names in the employment exchange websites,\" he said. This facility may be available for the next one week or a maximum of ten days, said officials. However, if the students do not have their ration cards and community certificates, they may have to register at the employment exchange, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651362", "title": "Lt Gen Suhag given 10 more days to respond to showcause notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by criticism that he had not given enough time to Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag to respond to his showcause censure notice and discipline and vigilance (DV) promotion ban, Army chief Gen V K Singh on Tuesday gave 10 more days to the 3 Corps commander to respond to the charges of \"abdicating responsibility\" in handling an intelligence and surveillance unit under his command in a \"most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner\".This came after the defence ministry directed the Army HQs to submit a detailed report in order to decide on the legality of Gen Singh's step to slap the notice and DV promotion ban on Lt Gen Suhag, who is the frontrunner to become Army chief in August 2014.Lt Gen Suhag was issued the showcause notice on May 19 for censure on account of lapses in handling the failed intelligence operation in Assam last December and was given seven days' time to reply after it was served on him last week. As per the new directions, Lt Gen Suhag will now have to reply to the notice by June 10, by when present Eastern Army commander Lt Gen Bikram Singh would have taken over the reins of the 1.13 million strong Army from Gen V K Singh.The Army chief last week had claimed that a senior IB official had told him the botched operation in Jorhat by the intelligence unit under Lt Gen Suhag last December was \"a blot on the impeccable reputation\" of his force. Holding there was a great amount of delay in finalization of the court of inquiry into the episode, while virtually accusing Lt Gen Suhag of leaking the showcause notice, Gen Singh said, \"People were waiting for me to retire to protect some people... Everybody was hoping let's delay it as much as possible, let this man retire and everything will be hunky dory.\"With a full-blown succession crisis and factional feud now engulfing the 1.13-million strong force, the defence ministry wants to ascertain whether Gen Singh's action involved \"any bias or vindictiveness\" since Lt Gen Suhag was not given any chance to respond to the showcause notice before being placed in the DV ban category.Gen Singh, however, has stressed he had \"no personal vendetta\" against Lt Gen Suhag, nor was there \"any infighting\" in the Army. \"If a senior officer sends a showcause notice to a junior, it is the moral duty of the junior officer to reply instead of running to the media,\" Gen Singh said.But MoD would like to examine the gravity of the case being made against Lt Gen Suhag, and whether the DV ban is legally sustainable.\"There is also the crucial matter of whether the Army chief-designate, the present Eastern Army commander Lt Gen Bikram Singh, was kept in the loop by Gen V K Singh, as per norms, before issuing the notice to Lt Gen Suhag,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656247", "title": "Additional security cover for Vijayamma during election tour", "text": "HYDERABAD: With YSR Congress party chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy landing in jail, his mother YS Vijayamma is all set to hit the campaign trail. As she is likely to tour poll-bound districts in the next few days, her security will be beefed up.Though her personal security is yet to be reviewed, police sources said the security cover during tours would be increased since she would be the focus of her party during campaigning. As of now, she has 1+1 gunman security as the Pulivendula MLA.As the political temperature shot up with the arrest of Jaganmohan just days before the byelection, the state police have decided to provide armed security at every polling booth.\"Apart from the existing local force, we are bringing in 130 companies of central forces, including the Border Security Force (BSF) in view of the changed political climate and to make sure the smooth completion of elections,\" additional director general (Law and Order) SA Huda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "13652192", "title": "Truck carrying detonators falls in ditch", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: A Dehradun-bound mini truck loaded with more than 40 cartons of detonators and explosives from the Indian explosive Limited (IEL) factory go down in Gomia in Bokaro district.The vehicle was recovered by Gorhar police of Hazaribag on the night of May 28, official sources said here on Yuesday.Police said the truck as headed for NH-2 (GT Road) via Bishnugarh and Bagodar when it was hijacked near the Chalania jungle by a gang of criminals who forced the driver to go to GT Road via Ichak and Gorhar through dense forests infested with Maoists.When the driver was negotiating the unknown jungle route, the vehicle fell into a ditch. While the criminals fled soon after the accident ,the driver approached some villagers who took him to officer in charge of Bishnugarh PS Ramdayal Munda.The Bishnugarh police informed the Gorhar police about the incident who seized the explosives. SP Hazaribag Pankaj Kamboj, howevere, confirmed the seizure of explosives. He said, \"We are verifying details about explosive from the IEL factory. Police are interrogating the driver and the helper of the vehicle in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13663166", "title": "Cynthia Nixon weds girlfriend Christine Marinoni", "text": "Cynthia Nixon and her partner of nearly eight-years Christine Marinoni tied the knot in New York City on Sunday.The \"Sex and the City\" actress and the 45-year-old education activist have been together since 2004 and became engaged at a rally to support same-sex nuptials in 2009.Their big day comes less than a year after gay marriage became legal in the American state.\"On May 27, 2012, Cynthia Nixon and her girlfriend, Christine Marinoni, were legally married in the state of New York,\" CBS News quoted her representative as telling People magazine in a statement on Monday.\"Nixon wore a custom dress by Carolina Herrera ,\" the representative said.Marinoni gave birth to their son, Max Ellington Nixon-Marinoni, in February 2011.Nixon has two children from her previous relationship with photographer Danny Mozes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "13655811", "title": "Can Vijayamma win votes?", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: As per court orders, Jaganmohan Reddy will have to stay in Chanchalguda jail till June 11, one day before the byelections are held for one Lok Sabha and 18 assembly seats. Though Jagan had applied for bail on Tuesday, and YSR Congress Party with his mother Vijayamma are leading the campaign, his political rivals are working overtime to figure out the impact of Jagan's arrest on the bypolls of June 12.While Vijayamma is going to launch the campaign from Narsannapet in Srikakulam on Wednesday and head to Payakaraopet in Visakhapatnam the next day, party cadres are not enthused as YSR Congress has had no real mascot other than Jagan till now. \"Jagan was able sustain the campaign thanks to the massive popularity his late father YSR had enjoyed in districts like East Godavari, Guntur, Srikakulam and Prakasam. But his mother is a novice and it remains to be seen as to how she would be able to galvanize the party,\" political analyst Telkapalli Ravi pointed out.The party's calculations could go wrong as Vijayamma has hardly campaigned in any part of the state other than her Pulivendula constituency where she had undertaken a door-to-door canvassing. \"Her communication skills leave a lot to be desired as she is not a public speaker,\" an expert pointed out. Sources said Vijayamma, the YSR Congress founder president, would harp on Jagan's arrest as the ruling party's way of preventing her party's victory march in her election speeches.As if on cue, the Congress and TDP have also stepped up their attacks against Vijayamma as they shifted their focus from Jagan's corruption to Vijayamma's 'crocodile tears' to prevent her from riding on the sympathy wave. Though TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu refuses to believe that the sympathy factor would work for the YSR Congress, analysts surmise that the coming polls will certainly provide a platform for Jagan to emerge as a 'third force' in AP. \"It's going to be a litmus test for Vijayamma because she's not a crowd-puller like Jagan and she may even have to answer the corruption charges faced by her son,\" senior analyst Chakrapani said.Though Jagan camp was rattled after his arrest, field-level leaders in both Congress and TDP are not ready to buy the argument. \"People are not swayed by the issue of corruption and his arrest may not dent YSR CP's prospects,\" admitted Congress activist V Ramachandra Reddy of Ankireddipalem village in Guntur's Prathipadu constituency. In fact, local leaders fear that making personal attacks against Vijayamma could cut into the Congress's vote bank as women are angry at the way Vijayamma and her family members were handled by cops at Dilkusha Guest House soon after Jagan's arrest. \"Had they hated Jagan for his corrupt deals, people would not be tracking the developments so eagerly,\" said Manikya Rao, a school teacher from Macherla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664247", "title": "Vit D: Too much as bad as too little", "text": "While it is known that vitamin D deficiency is not good for health, a new study has now suggested that too high a level of the essential vitamin is not good either.The new research from the University of Copenhagen is based on blood samples from 247,574 Copenhageners.Vitamin D is instrumental in helping calcium reach our bones , thus lessening the risk from falls and of broken hips.Research suggests that vitamin D is also beneficial in combating cardiac disease, depression and certain types of cancers. The results from a study conducted by the Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences now support the benefits of vitamin D in terms of mortality risk.However, the research results also show higher mortality in people with too high levels of vitamin D in their bloodstream:\"We have had access to blood tests from a quarter of a million Copenhageners. We found higher mortality in people with a low level of vitamin D in their blood, but to our surprise, we also found it in people with a high level of vitamin D. We can draw a graph showing that perhaps it is harmful with too little and too much vitamin D,\" explained Darshana Durup, PhD student.If the blood contains less than 10 nanomol (nmol) of vitamin per litre of serum, mortality is 2.31 times higher. However, if the blood contains more than 140 nmol of vitamin per litre of serum, mortality is higher by a factor of 1.42. Both values are compared to 50 nmol of vitamin per litre of serum, where the scientists see the lowest mortality rate.Darshana Durup emphasized that while scientists do not know the cause of the higher mortality, new results can be used to question the wisdom of those people who claim that you can never get too much vitamin D.\"It is important to conduct further studies in order to understand the relationship. A lot of research has been conducted on the risk of vitamin D deficiency. However, there is no scientific evidence for a 'more is better' argument for vitamin D, and our study does not support the argument either. We hope that our study will inspire others to study the cause of higher mortality with a high level of vitamin D,\" said Durup.\"We have moved into a controversial area that stirs up strong feelings just like debates on global warming and research on nutrition. But our results are based on a quarter of a million blood tests and provide an interesting starting point for further research.\"The study is the largest of its kind - and it was only possible to conduct it because of Denmark's civil registration system, which is unique in the Nordic countries. The 247,574 blood samples come from the Copenhagen General Practitioners Laboratory.\"Our data material covers a wide age range. The people who participated had approached their own general practitioners for a variety of reasons and had had the vitamin D level in their bloodstream measured in that context. This means that while the study can show a possible association between mortality and a high level of vitamin D, we cannot as yet explain the higher risk,\" Durup added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13651969", "title": "Indian Institute of Management - Kozhikode to give teachers a lesson on their job", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode (IIMK), in its effort to improve teaching methods in schools, has come up with a management development programme christened 'Leading Schools'.The institute aims to empower teachers, principals and educationists by familiarizing them with world's best practices in education.As many as 50 teachers from across the country are attending the first of the series of workshops 'Gurukul for Gurus', which is sponsored by Malabar Gold and Diamonds.The tie up between IIMK and Malabar Gold and Diamonds would see the company offering 200 scholarships and four gold medals to outstanding teachers and institutional builders who will be identified through a nation-wide search.The programme intends to nurture schools as sustainable institutions of learning in a technology-driven knowledge age. It also aims to give participants insights and tools to build a learning community and enhance their personal effectiveness.Debashis Chatterjee, director of IIMK, said, \"The workshop aims to create the kind of schools that will shape the destiny of India. It is our commitment towards reinventing teaching and learning excellence by encouraging schools to move away from old- fashioned approach of teaching.\"He said that technology is fast-changing the way the younger generation receives information and teacher's today have to adapt to their new learning environment.The next in the series of workshops will be held in Hyderabad, Delhi and Dubai.Ahammed M P, chairman of Malabar Group of Companies, said, \"We believe quality education at the school level is key to build a base for secondary education and developing the human resources in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652510", "title": "State may join national joint entrance examination league", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha will soon take a decision on whether state-governed technical colleges will be part of the common entrance test that the Centre will hold from 2013 for admissions into IITs and other centrally-funded institutions.Sources said the government wants to join the all India joint entrance examination (JEE) if deemed universities outside the purview of Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) also join. Haryana, Maharashtra and Gujarat have already agreed to follow the new design. \"The Odisha government will soon take a decision,\" director of technical education and training Chandra Sekhar Kumar told TOI.Kumar said there is no apprehension of any negative fallout of joining an all-India entrance. However, a final decision will be taken by the government soon, Kumar said. The government will, however, decide on a new weightage pattern to Class XII and entrance test performance for admission into colleges under it.Though the HRD ministry has fixed weightage for admission in centrally-funded institutions, it gives states the freedom to decide weightage pattern for admission in institutions governed by them. IITs will draw the merit list on the basis of candidate's performance in the advanced test from among those short-listed by giving 50% weightage to Class XII and 50% to the main test. For admission in NITs and IIITs, the government has decided to give 40% weightage to Class XII board, 30% to the main test and another 30% to the advanced test.Chief secretary B K Patnaik is likely to convene a meeting before June 5 when the states meet the Union Human Resources Development minister for their views. The Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA) has strongly favoured the state joining the national-level test. \"We have been requesting the Odisha government to give weightage to Class XII examination in the entrance for the past five years. It is a welcome step,\" said OPECA honorary secretary Binod Dash.Dash said a common all-India entrance will end the burden of multiple tests on students and will make a larger pool of students available for private engineering colleges where seats were falling vacant.Educationists see the common entrance as a positive development for students. \"It will end the financial and mental burden on students and their parents of appearing in numerous tests for admission into different institutions,\" said S N Mohanty, former principal of BJB (Junior) College.Students are divided on single entrance for all institutions. \"Earlier, a student had more than one chance to prove oneself. Now, if one doesn't do well in the only entrance, then it is all over for that year,\" said Mohit Das, an engineering aspirant. Rajesh Kumar, another student, however, said one test will significantly reduce the burden of so many examinations in varied patterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652356", "title": "Meet to review steel projects in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With several of the proposed steel plants not taking off so far, the state government has convened a two-day meeting starting June 6 with the concerned private companies to take stock of the physical and financial progress of their projects, official sources said on Tuesday.Steel and mines minister Raghunath Mohanty would chair the review meeting, in which all mega projects (three million tonne per annum and upwards) with a combined installed capacity of 57 MTPA would also be scrutinized. Those include ArcellorMittal India Ltd, Sterlite Iron and Steel Co Ltd, Posco India Ltd, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, SSL Energy Ltd, Uttam Galva Steels Ltd , Essar Steel Orissa Ltd, Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd, Tata Steel Limited and Welspun Power and Steel Limited.Official sources said of the 50 steel plants for which the state government has inked MoUs with private companies, 24 projects would be taken up for review on June 6 while the rest would be deliberated upon the following day. Issues like land, raw material linkage, physical progress and employment would come up during the discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13652872", "title": "Punjab vigilance bureau sends report on raids in hospitals to chief secretary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nine days after conducting surprise raids at 12 civil hospitals throughout the state, Punjab vigilance bureau has sent a detailed report highlighting the poor condition of emergency services in hospitals to chief secretary, Punjab, on Tuesday. The bureau has recommended supply of modern lifesaving equipment to emergency wards as also strict action against those who were not found vigilant during the surprise raids.The raids were conducted at civil hospitals in Derabassi, Bassi Pathana, Samana, Sangrur, Mansa, Abohar and Kartarpur in late night hours of May 20.Vigilance sources said that concerned authorities have been asked to take strict action against a medical officer in civil hospital, Bathinda, who had recorded multiple injuries of a victim as minor in his medico legal report, as revealed during the surprise raid.Sources maintained that raiding parties comprising vigilance sleuths and medical officers were stunned to find medicines kept beyond their expiry date in emergency wards of different civil hospitals and these being given to patients.DGP, vigilance, Suresh Arora said the detailed report was sent to the chief secretary for taking necessary action and improve the conditions in the emergency wards of civil hospitals. Though raids were conducted at only 12 civil hospitals, inputs were received about a number of civil hospitals, he said.Apart from expiry dated medicines, non-operational ECG machines, faulty oxygen cylinders, dysfunctional ambulance vans, etc., were also found in the civil hospitals. Meanwhile, call registers at all the 12 raided civil hospitals were found non-updated and in some attendance registers, medical staff members had shown their presence in advance.More raids on cardsAfter raids at hospitals, the vigilance bureau has decided to conduct raids shortly at government schools, specially those located in border areas and offices of revenue department, municipal corporations, etc., throughout the state to crack down on irregularities and corruption. The state government has approved the move of the bureau, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650843", "title": "Cashier fights off armed men, foils robbery bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 62-year-old cashier showed exemplary courage to fight off robbers and managed to get one of them arrested.Manohar Lal, a resident of northwest Delhi, foiled a robbery bid by three robbers, who had come to his office in the garb of collection agents from a bank.\"Not only did he ward off the attack, he also ensured the main accused - who was wielding a country-made revolver - was nabbed. The Delhi Police commissioner has announced a reward of Rs 10,000 for his pluck in foiling the bid,'' said Tejinder Luthra, joint CP (northern range). While the main accused - Virender Pratap Singh from Gonda in UP - was arrested, others are yet to be nabbed.Lal is a cashier with Rahul Beverage located at A-17, Lawrance Road, for the last 16 years. The firm supplies packaged drinking water, soft drinks and juices in NCR. On Monday, Lal was in office when around 12pm, two youth came there; one carrying a bag. They were accompanied by the guard, Vinod Bora, who told him the youth had to deposit cash, a police officer said.\"One of the youth left the office to wait near the gate. I asked the other to show me the slip and hand over the cash for deposit. Instead, he whipped out a pistol, pointed it at my temple and asked me to give him the cash failing which he threatened to shoot me,\" said Lal. \"I swiftly caught hold of the barrel and refused to do his bidding. He assaulted me with the pistol butt but I managed to overpower him after suffering considerable injuries to my hand,\" the cashier said.The accused, however, managed to snatch the bag containing Rs 22,000 and documents from the room and rushed out. Not the one to give up, Manohar came out of the room raising cries for help. Coming to his aid, Bora and Rahul, the son of the factory owner, rushed in and caught the accused. In a desperate bid, he tried to fire at Bora but was overpowered, Lal said. However, the other accused, Rajesh Kumar Malhaa, managed to flee along with another accomplice on a bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652040", "title": "Over lakh seats to remain vacant in Nagpur University's general courses", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after HSC results, the passouts, apart from engineering and medical aspirants, have frenetically started their search for future career options. Nagpur University with over 800 colleges provides ample number of options to choose from, especially in general courses. The admission process will commence from June first week, probably on June 2 next Monday after the Maharashtra State Board will distribute original marksheets to the students. The admission season would end on August 6 while the deadline with prior permission of the vice-chancellor will be September 5.NU officials while citing statistics however believed that like past many years, this year too, the seats in the general category would remain vacant across all faculties, particularly arts, commerce and science. In fact even professional faculties like engineering, pharmacy and law would find it tough to fill up all seats. Thanks to largesse of the Maharashtra government in blindly granting colleges without taking into consideration actual requirement.If NU officials are to be believed, the colleges, especially the new ones, now have to run behind the students for increasing their tally of admissions, else they would have to shut down their shops. According to them, over two lakh seats are up for grabs across various faculties while number of students clearing HSC exam was only 1.01 lakh. This means over one lakh seats would remain vacant in new academic session as well, like last year.Sadly, over 27,000 seats were vacant in the engineering faculty alone across the state last year, raising serious doubts over government's decision to grant permission to the new colleges. Similar was the condition with other popular courses like BBA, BCA and BCCA where huge number of seats remained vacant last year. The officials predicted that this year also the commerce and science faculties would be hit hard with the shortage of students. In fact, even teachers in these courses are a scarce commodity.Officials stated that a majority of students, aspiring to pursue professional courses, prefer other universities like Mumbai and Pune as NU's bad reputation due to various controversies and scams like Kohchade scam. Furthermore, recent incidents like series of paper leaks had severely dented its reputation among the students community.Faculties &amp; No of seats in NU:Faculty ----------------- Total IntakeCommerce ----------------- 93,000Arts ----------------- ------80,000Science ----------------- ---- 43,000Education --------------- 19,500Engg &amp; Tech ----------------- 21,000Social Sciences ---------------- 8,500Home Science ---------------- 5,000Law ----------------------------- 3,000(All figures as per NU records but are not exhaustive)* Students clearing HSC in Nagpur div:Science ------------ 39,975Commerce ------------ 11,417Arts ------------ 42,964MCVC ------------ 6,704Total -------------- 1,01,060", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652854", "title": "MMC workers gear up to tackle monsoon maladies", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the upcoming monsoon season, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has instructed workers to complete all pre-monsoon work in a week. MMC chairperson Arthur D'silva stated that work on the drains and gutters to allow the free flow of water is almost complete and that instructions were given to the engineers to see that all leakages and repairs in the market building are completed as soon as possible.D'Silva along with MMC vice-chairperson Pratima Coutinho and the market committee in-charge had carried out a inspection of the market premises a few weeks ago and taken cognizance of the grievances faced by the vendors every monsoon. Coutinho had decided to take up the absence of a clear passage for pedestrians to walk on and made it clear that all encroachments, plastic materials, boxes, among other things kept on the road outside the shops would be confiscated in the future.Vinod Shirodkar, president of the Margao New Market Traders' Association, had apprised D'Silva of the various problems at the market building and complained that the recent repair work of the building was not up to mark.\"The problem with the building is that with constant activity all around, the contractor faces difficulties in transporting equipment and carrying out repair work, said D'silva,stating that the vendors should cooperate with the contractor to get the work done. \" But the work should be completed in three-four days,\" added D'silva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656379", "title": "Petrol hike: Poll code cushions government", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government has much to thank the upcoming bypolls, the election code of conduct which is in place in 12 districts and the Jagan saga for being under no pressure to think of the most crying need of the common man. Ostensibly complying with the model code of conduct, a week after the government announced a steep hike in petrol, the state government has stayed mum on the issue, even as other Congress-led governments have slashed sales tax or VAT to provide some relief to people from the hike. In a telling impact of the hike, the demand for petrol has dropped by 10% in the city in the last one week.While the model code of conduct applies to 12 districts, state election commissioner Bhanwar Lal says that any announcement that would influence voters can be considered as violation of the code. Observers say that for a government with no will to alleviate the sufferings of common man, this has come in as a handy excuse. Andhra Pradesh imposes the highest VAT (33%) on petrol in the country.But it's not just the government to blame. Consumer activism has never been Hyderabad's forte but the city has outdone itself this time around. If the government is hiding behind the code of conduct, there has not even been a whimper of protest in Hyderabad even as the governments of Delhi, Kerala and Uttarakhand have already slashed VAT on the hiked petrol price. The Jagan saga has kept people distracted and the government has got some breather that nobody is really bothered about the real issues that concerns them.On Monday, the Delhi government slashed 20% VAT, bringing down the cost of petrol by Rs 1.26. Petrol in Delhi now costs Rs 71.92 per litre, around Rs 10 less than that of Hyderabad. The Uttarakhand government, within a day of the hike, declared a 25% cut in VAT bringing down the price by Rs 1.87. The Kerala government too slashed sales tax on petrol by Rs 1.63 per litre.\"There is no consumer movement in AP which is a great advantage to the state government. The consumer is docile,\" said Nitin Parekh, chairman of the trade and commerce committee, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He further said that consumer apathy was propelling the government to levy such a high rate of tax.Those in the know say the government believes that consumers will take the hike in their stride and there is no reason for them to fret over it. \"There are a lot of issues here currently. All parties are in the election mode and they are not bothered about the petrol price,\" said Rajiv Amaram, general secretary, Andhra Pradesh Indian Oil Dealers Forum.While there have been some citizen representations to the government, they are tepid because they are not backed by large numbers. V V Rao, secretary of Federation of Resident Welfare Associations, says that they have made representations to the government on the high VAT issue, but they have not yielded any response. Rao said that it is both ironical and shameful that the petrol hike is the highest in Jaipal Reddy's home state.Times ViewPetrol in AP is a major source of revenue for the state government, next only to liquor and, predictably, it does not want to let go of this assured income, which is an estimated 20% of the total revenue it makes. But taxation experts make a pertinent point -- that the tax burden on the aam aadmi can still be alleviated if there is political will. If the government improves tax efficiency, enhances tax on other products, plugs leakages, it can trim its VAT on petrol. The question is if there is government will to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13651076", "title": "\u2018Stop raids on state online lotteries\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major blow to the drive against online lottery, the commissioner of small savings and state lottery (state finance department) has warned all the commissioners of police in the state, particularly the Mumbai police, against their raids on the state online lotteries.The finance department has written to the director-general of police, S Subramanian, who in turn has sent a circular to all the state commissionerates of police, superintendent of police and other units, including the Mumbai police commissionerate, to stop conducting raids on the state online lotteries.\"It has been brought to the notice of the DGP by the commissioner of small savings and Maharashtra state lotteries that some police authorities in the state, especially the Mumbai city, are interfering and taking action in the sale of online lotteries and registering cases against them. All the online lotteries are running in the state as per Lotteries (Regulation) Act 1998 and Rules,\" the letter stated. Sources said that despite the state lotteries being legal, police officials are knowingly or unknowingly conducting raids and causing losses to the state government.The circular, forwarded by special inspector general of police (law and order) Gulabroa Pol, has directed all commissioners, superintendents of police and unit commanders to issue instructions to their officers, unit and men not to obstruct/interfere the sale of legal and state online lotteries. Pol confirmed the news but refused to divulge the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652078", "title": "Like traffic, signal upgradation too going slow", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) plan to ensure smooth flow of traffic and safety of road-users is at the mercy of a private agency. Work to install new traffic signals at 61 junctions was to be completed by July 31, 2011. However, work has not even started at 26 junctions.NMC officials said traffic signals had been installed at 98 junctions by the end of 1990. With consistent rise in traffic, the number of traffic signals was to be increased from time to time. But signals were installed at just 33 junctions in the 20 years ending 2010.Meantime, signals at 24 junctions had become permanently non-functional. Of the remaining 107 junctions, signals at 51 were very old, with most of them functioning intermittently and requiring frequent repairs. The remaining 56 junctions had the latest LED automatic traffic signals.In the 2010-11 budget, then chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi made provision of Rs 3.50 crore for installation of new signals. This was the first time funds were made available in the budget. NMC issued work order for replacement of non-functional and old signals by the latest LED automatic traffic signals at 61 junctions at an expense of Rs 2.50 crore. The work was awarded to M/s Decofurn Constructions, and according to the work order it was to be completed by July 31, 2011.A senior NMC official told TOI, the work at 26 junctions is yet to be completed. \"Work at six junctions is in progress and expected to be completed in the coming days. After this work at remaining 20 junctions will be taken up by the private agency,\" he said.Despite provisions of action, like penalty and scrapping of work order, NMC had done little to ensure timely completion of the work. If work on 61 junctions had been completed in time, NMC could have taken up more work on other junctions. However, neither NMC nor the standing committee seem serious about the crucial work.Taking serious cognisance of inordinate delay, Joshi and the traffic department conducted a survey in August 2011, and gave an ultimatum to the agency, but to no avail. \"Penalty was slapped on the agency for the delay. But no action was taken,\" said the NMC official.Proprietor of Decofurn, Pintu Kayarkar, could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Sources told TOI, the agency has delayed the work due to delay in release of payment. \"NMC was to make payment to the agency in a phased manner. But the agency is not getting payments, so they could not expedite works,\" said sources.An NMC official, though, said the main reason the contractor is taking a lot of time is that they have taken more than their capabilities. \"NMC had framed limits as per capability of contractors. This agency has taken seven work orders of traffic signals along with maintenance works. It cannot handle all this, and it is at fault,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651299", "title": "'Water scarcity in entire state'", "text": "NASHIK: Chhagan Bhujbal contradicted the claim made by minister for water supply Laxman Dhoble that the media had exaggerated the scarcity situation in the state. \"Entire Maharashtra is gripped with scarcity right from west Maharashtra to Marathwada, north Maharashtra, Khandesh to Vidarbha in some or the other degree. A visit around the places is evident enough to prove the point,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13656108", "title": "Rajagopal's bail petition rejected", "text": "Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Tuesday dismissed the bail plea of V D Rajagopal, the former director of the state's mines and geology wing. Rajagopal is currently in Chanchalguda jail as an accused in the illegal mining case.Agreeing with the apprehensions of the CBI that the accused may threaten the witnesses and hamper the investigation if he was set free on bail now, the judge dismissed the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13652953", "title": "Punjab pulls out 2,000 cops from escort duty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government has reviewed threat perception to people enjoying security cover in the state and has withdrawn over 2,000 police personnel, who were found doing duties in excess of requirements. Admitting that the culture of keeping as many gunmen and escort vehicles as possible has become a status symbol in Punjab, the DGP has brought down the number of people being protected as well.Ironically, the biggest defaulters in misuse of gunmen is Punjab Police itself. About 630, the highest number of gunmen, have been withdrawn from serving police officers. Nearly 475 gunmen were found doing duty without orders, 279 gunmen taken away from former MLAs, 152 from civil officers and 161 from retired police officers.Nearly 109 security vehicles provided to various people for security reasons have been withdrawn in the first phase. This includes 49 Gypsies, 20 Tavera, Bolero, Sumo, Scorpio and Qualis vehicles, 2 Verna and Ritz, 5 Maruti SX4 and 30 motorcycles.After a review of the recalled vehicles, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal said, \"It is a fact that red light atop a vehicle and gunmen in tow has become a status symbol in the state. These policemen, withdrawn from security duty, have been there for so long that they have forgotten actual policing. We need to give them three months' refresher course for that.\"DGP Sumedh Singh Saini said that fresh guidelines are being issued for use of red light atop vehicles and most people, enjoying the privilege now, will have to forego it. \"There will be no pilot vehicle for a police officer. DIG and IG will now have only one escort in the field. Only the DGP and the ADGP will be allowed to have escort. Even excess security from Z security cover is being withdrawn. The maximum number of security men with anyone in Z security will get is 21. Many are enjoying more than 40 security men as of now,\" said Sukhbir Badal.A renewed exercise has also been started across Punjab, said Saini, to crackdown on traffic violators. \"Towing away vehicles parked wrongly is going to be very routine. On Tuesday, in Ludhiana alone, over 100 vehicles were towed away,\" said Badal.Women commandosFor the first time, Punjab Police, after deputing women BSF security at the international border with Pakistan , will have women commandos for other purposes. \"Nearly 61 women commandos are getting high level of training and will be deputed for anti-terrorism operations in the state apart from dealing with drug mafia, providing Z-category security cover,\" said Sukhbir Badal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650665", "title": "Aspirants clear doubts on Delhi University colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now that their results are out, Delhi University aspirants want to know all about various courses and colleges. Hundreds of admission-seekers landed at the Open Day on South Campus on Tuesday. They inquired about the eligibility criteria for the sought-after BA (honours) economics, course content of BCom (honours), difference in psychology and applied psychology, among other things. The Open Day also saw a huge rush of students from outside the city.\"The number of students who had come on Tuesday would have easily touched 1,000. Most aspirants had come with their parents and had plenty of questions about the admission process. Many wanted to know which all colleges were good,\" said Dinesh Varsheney, deputy dean, students' welfare, South Campus. He added that aspirants should not only consider the brand value of a college but also see its infrastructure, courses available and academic record. \"All colleges in DU have similar infrastructure. The same process is followed for appointing teachers and we get toppers from off-campus colleges too,\" Varsheney said. He insisted that all colleges had good facilities. \"Students should give preference to colleges near their home,\" he added.Experts from different colleges and university departments were also present at the Open Day to guide students. Savithri Singh, principal, Acharya Narendera Dev College, Shashi Nijhawan, principal, Shivaji College, and Vijay K Sharma, principal of Ram Lal Anand College answered questions related to science courses, off-campus colleges and new-age courses. Many students also wanted to know about the placement facilities in DU. Besides placement cells in individual colleges, DU also runs a Central Placement Cell, which is open to all final-year students.Varsheney added that three consecutive sessions had to be organized at the Open Day on Tuesday because of the swelling crowd despite scorching heat. Ishaan Sabharwal, who has score 94% in commerce, was keen to know if the BCom (honours) cutoffs will dip enough for him to secure a seat on North Campus. \"I know that other colleges are also good, but I really want to study in Shri Ram College of Commerce or Hindu College. With the kind of marks I have, it's like sitting on the edge. I hope I can make it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13652928", "title": "Psychotropic drugs seized from youth", "text": "LUDHIANA: A huge cache of psychotropic drugs were seized from 20-year-old Sandeep Kumar, a resident of Alipur Wazir Sahib village, on Monday. Police recovered Rs 1.20 lakh tablets of Microlite, 2,000 capsules of Parvon Spas, 80 bottles of Recodex syrup from the accused.Kotwali SHO Surinder Mohan said, \"The accused was coming from railway station towards Clock Tower, when we stopped him. He was carrying a bag containing these drugs. A drug inspector was also called to the spot for inspection.\"During interrogation, the accused said he used to commute from Patiala to Ludhiana for purchasing psychotropic drugs.He added that he used to sell these drugs in different villages of Patiala. Police are yet to ascertain the place from where the accused purchased these drugs.A case under the NDPS Act was registered against the accused and at present he is in police remand.In another case, cops seized 60 grams of charas from Kuldeep Thapa, a resident of Kundanpuri, on Monday. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651048", "title": "Crunch fortnight awaits Sonia Gandhi, Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi will be back in the capital from a brief summer break this week and will get down to taking decisions which will be crucial for the party and the UPA government in the interregnum before Lok Sabha polls. It is being seen as a crunch fortnight for the party.Soon after her return from the cool climes of Kausani, Sonia has to consult UPA supporters, call a meeting of the Congress Working Committee and hold endless rounds of confabulations. At stake is who should be Congress's nominee for president: a pivotal call on which a number of crucial issues may hinge.The CWC meeting, scheduled tentatively for June 4, is likely to focus on the economic crisis in the light of declining value of rupee, rising prices and the growing perception of the economy going downhill. The outcome, especially the stand on petrol price hike, will determine whether the party has the stomach for reforms before the realists within step up pressure for populism in view of coming elections.But the organizational interest may be focused more on presidential elections: an issue which has to be settled outside the party talk shop.The issue of who gets the nod will have a fallout for some nettlesome decisions to be taken later: reshuffle in organization and government, an imperative to tone up the two wings in the lead-up to the 2014 contest.Congress's victory in the top contest is almost a certainty. The trouble is that because of lack of numbers, it is not a free agent in deciding its nominee. Its calculations went awry when Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee vetoed Vice-President Hamid Ansari because of his perceived proximity to the Left. Then, Mulayam Singh Yadav, whose UP numbers make him one of the deciding factors, struck another blow to the vice-president's prospects by saying that he would not accept a former government servant as the president.Thanks to the double whammy for Ansari, the candidature of Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar has been revived. Though she was on Congress's list, the Speaker had lagged way behind Ansari and Pranab Mukherjee . Thanks to the quirk, she is back in the reckoning and, according to some estimates, ahead of Ansari in current seedings.That should have, ordinarily speaking, left Mukherjee as the sole contender for Sonia's coveted endorsement but for the continuing reluctance of a section of Congress to relieve the so-called Mr Dependable of the government. Unfortunately for them, Mukherjee is not too enamoured of the citation and is eager to eject from North Block to Rashtrapati Bhavan. Ignoring him even on the ground of competence carries a strong risk of rendering him aloof and indifferent.Mukherjee's movement from the government will present Congress with the tricky issue of finding his successor in the finance ministry as well as a leader of Lok Sabha, the latter being a bigger challenge considering the stature expected of the office.The government also has to choose a successor to Ansari, perhaps even if he does not get elevated. No vice-president has got a second term after S Radhakrishnan. Congress may not like to make an exception; especially if the post becomes part of a package deal with Samajwadi Party: something which continues to be speculated about despite denials.Whether the deal with Mulayam is eventually signed and what is going to be the state of ties with Mamata, perhaps even with Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, may all turn on the choice that Congress make in the next fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13653031", "title": "Anti-tobacco campaign begins today", "text": "Sahara Hospital, as a part of its preventive health programme, is organising a 3-day campaign beginning from Wednesday to spread the message of 'Say no to tobacco' amongst the public. The initiative will start with an awareness orientation programme at Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research, Rae Bareli Road, Lucknow, on Wednesday. On the second day of the campaign, Sahara Hospital will organise an internal assembly at Sahara India Tower, Kapoorthala in the morning and will also organise an awareness orientation programme at the PAC 35 Battalion auditorium, Mahanagar, Lucknow. The campaign will conclude on June 1 with Sahara Hospital holding a free screening camp at its OPD at 3rd floor of the hospital.Meet on solar power held: The Club of Lucknow organised a meeting on the topic 'Solar power--a perspective for UP on Tuesday. Vishnu Agarwal, chairman and MD of Technical Associates Ltd. (TAL) was the guest speaker. R N Bhargava, secretary general of the Club of Lucknow extended a warm welcome to the chairman and other guests. Vishnu Agarwal in his talk highlighted the potential of solar energy in providing clean, unlimited energy to an energy-starved state like UP. He also spoke about the resultant social and economic benefits that quality, reliable power availability can bring to the state and its population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664339", "title": "Villian Ranjeet enters 'Hitler Didi'", "text": "Yesteryear villain Ranjit who is famous for his villainous roles in many Bollywood blockbusters including the latest hit Houseful 2 is back on the small screen.The actor who has previously done shows like 'Ghar Ek Sapna' , 'Jugni Chali Jalandhar' is all set to enter Trilogy Krikos' 'Hitler Didi' on Zee TV. And Ranjit will do what he is knows best: playing a baddie. The actor will start shooting today for his role.The show will soon unfold a new track which is loosely based on the film 'Khosla Ka Ghosla' . Indira's father Inder (Rituraj Singh) will sell his house to a builder without his family's knowledge. Ranjit as Ranjit Kukreja the builder will buy Indira's house.Ranjit remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653370", "title": "MLA arrested for manhandling officials during anti-encroachment drive", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP MLA from Khanpur constituency in Jhalawar, Anil Jain, was arrested on Tuesday, almost three years after he allegedly abused and manhandled some government officials in Kotwali police station premises. Though the legislator had tried to get anticipatory bail from various courts including the Rajasthan High Court, his plea was rejected. The legislator had also been booked for casteist remarks against the officials. He was produced before a chief judicial magistrate court and was granted bail.Circle officer, Jhalawar, Brijesh Kumar Soni told TOI: \"A case was registered against Jain and about a dozen other men on April 7, 2009 with Kotwali police station here.\"The officer said that the then SDM AC Heda and other officers had launched a drive to remove encroachment from Master Colony in Jhalawar. \"After completion of the drive, the officials had gathered in the Kotwali police station. Legislator Anil Jain came there with about a dozen supporters and abused the administrative officers. He manhandled them also. He was against anti-encroachment drive,\" said the officer.SDM AC Heda registered an FIR against the legislator and others for obstructing public servents in their duty and damaging public property. Jain had allegedly used caste-based derogatory remarks against some officials.The officer said that the case was investigated by CID-CB as only it could probe a case against a sitting MLA. \"After completing investigation, the agency found him guilty and send the file back to the local police about a year ago. The legislator was trying to get anticipatory bail. However, his plea was rejected by the Rajasthan High Court,\" said the officer.The police had recently had sent him a notice. \"He was arrested on Tuesday and produced in the chief judicial magistrate court which granted him bail,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13653248", "title": "Despite ban, 'chingu' selling like hot cake in Manali", "text": "MANALI: Chingu, an item of suspense for customers and part of strategy to earn cash for Kashmiri shopkeepers, is robbing thousands of innocent people for whom it is a souvenir from Manali. Despite complete ban, shopkeepers are selling it uninterrupted for years and the business is at peak point these days.The multi-crore market of chingu, a blanket which Kashmiri shopkeepers claim to be made of feathers of a rare animal, is making hundreds of tourists the victim of fraud daily. Having no fear of the police, Kashmiri shopkeepers have spread their network in Vashisht, old Manali, Dhungari and Manali. Out of curiosity, tourists are purchasing chingu blanket, which in fact is an ordinary blanket, for over Rs 5,000.The business of chingu sellers is flourishing everywhere in Kullu district and all attempts by the police and administration to tighten screws over such shopkeepers have failed.\"No such animal exist. This is only a business strategy to create suspense among the customers,\" a chingu seller in Manali said, adding that a chingu package which includes a blanket (which they claim made of chingu feather), a shawl, a bed sheet and warm clothes is selling upto Rs 20,000 easily.Chingu sellers sell their products after convincing the purchasers that they have limited stock, as chingu animals are on the verge of extinction. Some sellers sign agreement documents with purchasers where they mention that they would refund the full money if chingu would spoil before two years. Customers can also avail the online facility being provided by all chingu sellers. Customers can pay after receiving the delivery at their doorstep.A chingu victim from West Bengal, Ayushman Dwivedi, complained with TOI that he has been cheated by a Kashimiri seller for Rs 9,000. \"The guy forcefully pulled me inside the shop and asked me to spare a moment to check the blankets, which he claimed to be of a rare mountain animal called chingu. The blanket was so soft that my wife forced me to purchase two of them. After bargaining for five minutes we picked up two for Rs 9,000, but when we reached our hotel, our hotel manager said we have been cheated,\" he said.The police, local beopar mandal and administration in their meetings have planned to get rid of the chingu fraud many a time, but nothing has been done at ground level. The Kullu police chief Ashok Kumar said, they have alerted local shopkeepers and residents to keep a close watch on the chingu sellers. He said, \"Some people have been complaining of fraud with tourists by selling chingu blankets. I have requested public to complain with us and also have directed the police not to spare such fraud shopkeepers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13655945", "title": "High taxation can curb tobacco sale", "text": "KANPUR: Ammonia, arsenic, butane, lead, tar and many harmful chemicals are present in cigarettes and same is the case with paan masala. Contrarily, dry amla, belifal, dates, cherry, aniseeds, cardamom and peppermint can be fantastic alternative for the cancerous tobacco products.Finding an alternative to cancerous 'gutkha' and 'paan masala' has remained the biggest challenge. But a senior citizen claims to have done that by manufacturing a viable alternative to these dangerous products.The solid and semi-liquid alternatives of 'gutkha' and 'paan masala' has been named as 'Amrit' and 'Oorja' which are available in small sachets. These products are currently being used just to encourage the patients admitted at JK Cancer Hospital for quitting tobacco products.Manufactured from dry amla, belifal, dates, cherry, aniseeds, cardamom, peppermint and herbal fragrances, these natural products are available at limited places. These herbal alternatives are also recommended by doctors of JK Cancer Hospital. The authorities of the hospital will be distributing Amrit and Oorja to the patients and their attendants on the occasion of 'No Tobacco Day' on Thursday.\"Tobacco, a substance which is highly cancerous and non-effective, has become an integral part of the lives of many people. However, the substance poses threat to the environment and mankind since it is highly toxic. While the users are unable to quit this habit, environmentalists and medical experts have cried hoarse over this issue,\" Dr Avadhesh Dixit, director of JK Cancer Hospital, said.\"Amla which is good for hair, reduces couch and increase the body resistance, while belifal is a good remedy of diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera , tanning and many more. However, dates give energy and strength and peppermint and cardamom are mouth fresheners. All these products are combined to form the masala substitute,\" said Suman Tiwari, manufacturer and developer of Amrit and Oorja.\"Heavy taxation on tobacco and its products is only the remedy to curb the sale of paan masala and cigarette. The money spent on treatment of cancer patients is much more than what the government is getting as revenue from tobacco and its products,\" said Dr AK Nigam, chief medical superintendent of Ursula Horsman Hospital, who is the nodal officer for 'no tobacco day' in city.The surveys by WHO show that tobacco consumption is high in lower socio-economic groups.There are approximately 600 ingredients in cigarettes. A burning cigarette creates more than 4,000 chemicals. At least 50 of these chemicals are known to cause cancer and many are poisonous. Hence, smokers are harming lungs of their near and dear ones as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13653827", "title": "Unhappy patients opt to shift to Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the accident on the Pune-Mumbai expressway that claimed 27 lives and injured nearly 29, all nine patients admitted to the Ashtavinayak hospital in Khanda colony opted to shift to their hometown, Pune, medical director Dr Akshdeep Agarwal confirmed on Tuesday. At Panvel's Panacea hospital, the staff was waiting for the arrival of relatives from Pune to shift the six children admitted.With no central body or clear policy to decide which hospitals are well-equipped and economical to handle trauma patients, ambulances take the victims to the nearest private hospital. Non-availability of emergency medical facilities during the crucial first hour, the golden hour, adds to fatalities, experts said.A prime reason cited by relatives for shifting patients was lack of proper services at the two private hospitals. They alleged that the hospitals did not follow the standard procedure in administering first-aid.When Shamu Shaikh brought his employees Amol More (29), Fayyaz Shaikh (22) and Amir Shaikh (19), all mechanics, to Ashtavinayak hospital, its helpers were missing. \"There were only two beds in the room. I carried the patients and a third bed upstairs. The hospital needs more attentive staff,\" he said.The mechanics, who were repairing the first 17-seater minibus that broke down, sustained severe injuries on their feet. When TOI met More on Monday, he pointed to his two big toes, all that remained unharmed of his feet. His wound was bleeding and the bed-sheet was soaked in blood. \"I complained, but no one has changed the bed-sheets,\" he said.Both hospitals lacked blood banks and the staff admitted they sourced blood from the Rotary Club blood bank in Khanda colony and Sri Sai blood bank in Old Panvel. The hospitals have a 50-bed capacity and two operation theatres each, but they are not among the best in the field. So why were the patients taken there, relatives asked. Sanjay Tandel, manager at Panacea, denied any tie-up with the ambulance service. He said, \"The ambulances bring patients to the nearest hospitals. From the old highway, ours is the nearest.\"Exorbitant fees also irked the relatives, who argued with the hospital staff. They heaved a sigh of relief only after former parliamentarian Ramsheth Thakur assured Rs 1 lakh for expenses incurred by hospitals in treating the patients.The biggest charitable private hospital on the route is MGM at Kalamboli Circle, with 640 sanctioned beds, of which 400 are operational, but none of the patients was taken there. MGM medical superintendent Dr P P Doke said better communication between hospitals and rescue staff at the spot, trained staff in ambulances and faster transportation of patients would go a long way in saving lives. \"We have round-the-clock resident and guest doctors and all tertiary services. If patients are brought here, they get complete treatment,\" he said.From the Khalapur toll plaza, which is 42 km from Panvel and around 90 km from Pune, the nearest public hospital with proper trauma care facilities on the Mumbai side is Sion hospital and on the Pune side is Sassoon hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649524", "title": "Quota row: Fate of 325 IIT hopefuls uncertain", "text": "NEW DELHI: The future of 325 IIT aspirants belonging to the backward sections of minorities appears to be in a limbo in the wake of the Andhra Pradesh high court striking down the 4.5% sub-quota to minorities within OBC reservation.The students, who are in the midst of the counselling process, were expected to be allotted seats by June 14. With about 432 seats reserved for the minority sub-quota, these students were assured of a college and course of their choice but now face the prospect of losing the seat altogether as the court's decision will mean they will have to now compete for 27% OBC seats.Law minister Salman Khurshid on Tuesday said HRD minister Kapil Sibal had told him that the IIT admission process was not complete yet, thereby implying that quota admissions may have to be scrapped unless the superior court intervened.Asked about the fate of students, the law minister said, \"The selected candidates can go to the Supreme Court and seek relief.\"Sources in the HRD ministry said they were evaluating the situation following the HC order, even as Khurshid said they would move the apex court against the ruling.But till such time that the government moves a vacation bench of the SC, and is successful in obtaining a stay to the HC order, the future of these candidates appears bleak.In fact, sources in the IIT Joint Admission Board confirmed that the tech institutes had sought advice from the HRD ministry on the way ahead. Counselling for admission to the 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad is currently underway and will go on till June 10. The web release of the first seat allotment will be made on June 14. The HRD ministry had asked all the institutions to implement the sub-quota from the beginning of this year. The IITs are the first to implement the government's decision.Khurshid said the HC judgment had raised some interesting points and the Centre would challenge it in the Supreme Court. He defended giving reservation to minorities, saying the quota was not given to specific religious groups but was targeted at a group of backward communities in the OBC list which belonged to religious minorities.Expressing optimism, Khurshid argued, \"It is no political setback to the government. We are in the process of helping the country discover the contents of affirmative action. We based our decision on the nine-judge Indira Sawhney judgment. If our understanding of the order is correct, then the Supreme Court will support us.\"He denied that the decision on minority quota was dictated by political reasons ahead of UP elections. \"Now, we have taken a historic decision of Anand Karaj Act (for Sikhs) after Punjab polls. What do you say about it? Decisions are not taken just because of elections. They are taken at an opportune time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13669025", "title": "Happy if charge against PM on coal scam proves false, but probe necessary, says Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI, With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh declaring that he will quit public life if corruption allegations are proved against him, Team Anna on Wednesday demanded an independent probe into the charges, saying they will be most happy if these are proved wrong.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said it was not they who came up with charges against him but it was in the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General on coal bloc allocations.\"We will be most happy if the allegations levelled against the Prime Minister are found false. But how will it be proved? For that we need to have an independent investigating agency to probe it,\" he told reporters.\"The Prime Minister has said that the allegations levelled against him were baseless, unfortunate and irresponsible. We want to tell him that it was not we who levelled these allegations but the CAG, which is a Constitutional body,\" he said.Kejriwal said he would like to ask the Prime Minister whether he considered \"irresponsible\" the CAG report which is pegging a loss of Rs 1.80 lakh crore to the exchequer in the allocation of coal blocs.Team Anna's reaction came following Singh's remarks that he will quit public life if corruption allegations are proved against him.\"If there is even an iota of truth in it, then I will give up my public career and the country can give me any punishment,\" the Prime Minister had said, adding his public life has been an open book.Another Team Anna member Justice Santosh Hegde said it is \"extremely difficult\" to believe that allegations raised by Team Anna against Singh could exist but demanded an inquiry if there are documents to suggest that some wrongdoing was done.\"It is extremely difficult for me to believe, having seen the Prime Minister all these years, to say that such an allegation could exist. But at the same time, if somebody has said it is in documentary form, I think an inquiry should be held,\" he said.On Singh's remarks that the public should make up its mind whether Team Anna's kind of politics will rule the roost in India, Kejriwal said they do not do politics.\"We are just common people who are affected by corruption and price rise. We oppose the kind of politics prevailing in the country. Today's politics is snatching the food from the children, forcing farmers to commit suicide when some ministers are given permission to indulge in scams and get more richer,\" he said.Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy, however, attacked Team Anna claiming that they had accused Singh of corruption and want him to be prosecuted but alleged that they have not specified under which section of Prevention of Corruption Act is he prima facie guilty.He asked Anna Hazare to leave the group which is in the grip of \"Naxalite-minded crazies\" and join him and Ramdev in the fight against corruption.Kejriwal refused to respond to Swamy's allegations saying they will not reply to such remarks.In his comments, Hegde said, \"if there are materials that are there, I think an inquiry should be held.\"However, he said, he had not seen any of the documents Team Anna had sent to Singh seeking inquiry. \"With regards to the charges made by Team Anna, I don't have the facts with me,\" he said.Bhushan said Singh should have gone through the documents accompanying the 'charge sheet' before terming them as \"irresponsible allegations...He should respond to them on a point-by-point basis, fact by fact basis.\"Another Team Anna member Kiran Bedi said, \"PM is first among equals. If his equals are under a cloud as a leader of the team it is good leadership to set up an SIT to know the truth. If PM is clean, he can come out clean. Please submit to investigation. It shall be the lawful way to disprove CAG's deductions,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652824", "title": "Panel to probe Budaun rape case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's directions for severe action against those involved in the rape of a minor girl by a civilian inside a police outpost in Budaun district, the entire staff of the Lalpul police outpost and inspector incharge of the Kotwali city police station were suspended on Tuesday morning.An additional superintendent of police rank officer has been deputed to investigate the case.The action came after the Inspector general of police Bareilly Zone, DS Chauhan himself rushed to Budaun on Tuesday morning for a first hand stock of the entire incident.The chief minister has also directed the director general of police (DGP) to ensure stringent action against the accused involved in murder of an entire family of six persons in Etawah district during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. Inquiry has been ordered in both the cases, reports of which are to be submitted with the government within the next three days.In the custody rape case, the IG Bareilly rushed to Budaun shortly after the CM directives were issued and visited the scene of crime - the Lalpul police outpost where the girl was raped during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday.Thereafter, he went through the specifics of the FIR lodged in connection with the rape and related statements of the victim, witnesses and accused. Chauhan then spoke to the victim and her grandfather at length to confirm if appropriate action has been initiated in the case.He also assured them full security in case of pressures from the accused or their cohorts anytime in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13651045", "title": "Govt collegesa prospectus likely to face delay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Class XII passouts aspiring to take admission in citya??s government colleges may have to wait longer for prospectuses this time.A complaint has been sent to UT education secretary and director, higher education , by a firm bidding for the college prospectus tender, pointing out anomalies in the process. The objection might hinder the timely printing of prospectuses, sources said.A joint prospectus for all government colleges, which was earlier to be delivered on June 10 by publishers, may now face a delay of a week or more, even as most of the private colleges will soon upload their prospectuses on their respective websites.\"The college purchase committee will place the order shortly and best efforts will be made to get prospectuses ready in time. All decisions are taken collectively by the committee members,\" said J S Raghu, principal of Post-graduate Government College, Sector 11, who is heading the panel. The Sector 11 college is in-charge of the common prospectus process this time.V K Singh, UT education secretary who was out of town, said, \"The process is generally left to the college committee and the administration intervenes only in case of a complaint.\"Earlier, the deadline for publishers for an order of 16,500 forms was 20 days. But, following a meeting on Tuesday, the technical norms for the bid were revised and it was reduced to 15 days.\"We have written a letter to the education secretary and the director, higher education, apprising them of the situation. No reasons were cited after the revision of norms for bidding for the tender,\" said Kapil Dev Khanna, a bidder. Last year, too, such a delay was witnessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13651865", "title": "RTO issues safety tips for school vehicles", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The road transport officer here has issued guidelines for vehicles used by educational institutions for transporting students. It says that vehicles should have first-aid-box and fire extinguisher. Grills must be fixed across the windows as a safety measure.If the institution has hired a vehicle, a board displaying 'On school duty' should be displayed in the front and rear. The letters should be written in blue on a white background, the guideline says.It also adds that the name and phone number of the institution should also be prominently displayed. The door locking system should be safe. Space should be ensured beneath the seats for keeping school bags. Eligible attendants should be on duty on each vehicle for taking care of the students. The guidelines also say parents should be made to travel in the vehicles to evaluate the safety measures.The drivers should have a minimum experience of 10 years and five years of driving a heavy vehicle. A person charged more than two times for violating traffic rules in a year should not be appointed. Those who have been charged once for overspeeding, drunken driving or reckless driving shouldn't be appointed.Names, address and phone numbers of students and their parents should be laminated and kept in the vehicle. School officials and PTA members must examine if the guidelines are followed. Meanwhile, an awareness programme for the drivers of school vehicles in Kottayam taluk will be conducted by RTO(regional transport office) on June 1 at the Pastoral Centre in Chaitanya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650247", "title": "Re pushes up IMC loan repayments", "text": "INDORE: Apart from importers, tourists planning foreign travel and students, the depreciating rupee has had a very unlikely victim- the cash starved Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC). The civic body that has borrowed a large loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for Narmada water supply in the city will have to shell out 30% more for repayment at the current cost of rupee.The IMC had borrowed a loan of Rs 671 crore from the ADB for Narmada Phase III, out of which Rs 500 crore had been already spent on the project. However, due to depreciation of rupee against dollar the repayment amount has gone up to Rs 886 crores.From the current financial year, the corporation will have to pay an interest of Rs 19.58 crore against the ADB loan for Narmada Phase III project. The amount of installments and interest repayment will increase by Rs 26 crore by 2014 and the amount will increase significantly in the next four years. By 2018, the IMC will have to pay installments and interest repayment of Rs 52 crores per annum. On one hand, the expenses on water supply is increasing every year, while on the other hand, the civic body has failed to fulfill its promise of providing piped water to every household in Indore. Still around 40% of the city population is dependent on ground water for their requirements.Interestingly, after spending several hundred crores on the project, the civic body is urging citizens to use the Narmada water for drinking only. \"Narmada water is very costly. It cost around Rs 37 per thousand litters to IMC. We urge people to use Narmada water only for drinking purpose,\" said Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe adding that civic body is trying explore other sources of waters. They are going to build a stop dam on Choral and increase water supply from Yeshwant Sagar and Maheshwar dams.The electricity bill of Narmada project is also set to increase significantly in coming years. Right now IMC is paying annual an electricity bill of around Rs 100 crores for drawing and pumping of Narmada water which is likely to go up with the start of phase III to Rs 175 crores in next few years.While the power cost would go up the revenue of the corporation is not expected to grow proportionately. In the year 2011-12 IMC earned a revenue of Rs 235 crores, even if it increases its collection by around Rs 20 crores per annum then in next three years IMC revenue collection will be around Rs 300 crores and by that time IMC will have to pay electricity bill of around Rs 175 crores on Narmada and loan repayment of Rs 26 crores. Thus IMC will spent around Rs 200 crores out of total earning of projected Rs 300 crores in 2014 on water only.Beside this, the IMC has taken a loan of Rs 152 crore for several development projects and it had made payment of Rs 72 crore. Till 2011-12 the IMC was paying installments and interest of Rs 16 crore, from this year the IMC will also pay Rs 19.58 crore installments and interest against loan of ADB for Narmada project. Thus from this year IMC will have to pay total of Rs 25.58 crores as EMI for its debt. Mayor said to deal with the situation the IMC has set a revenue collection target of Rs 300 crore for 2012-13 and all the officials have been instructed to start collections. All the building officer (BO) and building inspectors (BI) have been instructed to start collecting taxes and first target multi-story buildings and big defaulters.\"Officers will be held responsible if any property in their area do not pay up their taxes,\" said mayor adding that the civic body is expecting to earn around Rs 90 crores of revenue from taxes, including advance payment of tax, by the end of this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13652122", "title": "Bokaro topper wanted to become soccer player", "text": "BOKARO: The topper in the science stream in Class XII of CBSE is a big fan of Brazilian footballer , Cristiano Ronaldo and always wanted to join football academy after Class X. He even gave it a try, but on the humble advice of the coach returned to academics. However his sporting spirit and passion to excel never died and he proved himself to be a Ronaldo of academics by scoring 97.06 per cent in the board examination.Clad in jeans and colourful T-shirt, Utsab Sengupta is just like any other teenager who love to enjoy life to the fullest. But when it comes to academics this student of Sree Ayyappa Public School has proved that he stands out.Sengupta hails from Purulia district of Bengal and stayed in a hostel here at Laxmi Market. His father, Uttpal Sengupta is an accountant in a Bengal government office and mother an English teacher in a government higher secondary school. Utsab rushed to Bokaro with his parents in the morning from Purulia to meet his teachers after knowing the result.Director of Sree Ayyappa Public School, P K Sreedharan and principal, Lata Mohanan said they were elated with his performance. Utsab said once he wanted to become a football player but now his aim was to be an engineer. He has got 9980 rank in IIT-JEE and 1016 rank in West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination. However he has not yet decided where he will join. But his preferences are mainly mechanical or electrical streams in engineering. He got 98 in mathematics, 97 in English, 96 in physics, 96 in chemistry, 99 in informatics practices and 98 in physical education.\"I had expected a good result. I am satisfied with my performance and give all the credits to my parents and teachers,\" said Utsab. Overwhelmed with his marks, his mother said Utsab is a very hardworking. They are happy and proud of him.His father told that a couple of years ago Utsab was fascinated by the game of football. He was a good football player in the school too. \"After passing out Class X with 91.8 per cent from St Xavier's School, Purulia, he wanted to join football academy rather than going to school. Seeing his fascination I took him to a football academy where during an interview the coach asked his marks of Class X. Learning about his percentage, the coach advised him to excel in studies rather than joining the academy. The coach's words touched Utsab and he decided to pursue studies and joined Ayyappa Public School,\" said Uttpal.\"Seeing his marks today I said you are my Ronaldo, look you have hit the goal and has also become man of the match,\" said Uttpal with smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653027", "title": "Sculptor claims threat to life, submits complaint", "text": "LUCKNOW: A sculptor, who shot to fame by flaunting his proximity to Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati during her earlier regimes as chief minister, Shravan Prajapati has submitted a written complaint, to IG Ashutosh Pandey, who is officiating as DIG/SSP, claiming that he has been getting extortion threats.The complaint (a copy of which is with TOI) given to Pandey on Tuesday by Prajapati, a resident of B Block, Vidhayak Niwas, Darulshafa, says, \"I have been receiving threat from a person, who claims himself to be one Lovely Singh for the past a few days.\" As per the complaint, on May 19 at around 10.30 am, on May 20 at around 9.30 am, on May 22 at around 10.21 am and 11.43 am and on May 24 at around 11.08 am, 11.09 am 7.27pm, one Lovely Singh called Prajapati on his mobile phone that he has been instructed by a very senior police officer to ask him to give Rs 15 lakh as extortion amount.According to Prajapati, the caller told him that the said police officer has told him that since he has earned a lot of money during BSP regime, he should pay the amount. \"And if I deny, I will be killed in an encounter, Lovely told me,\" Prajapati said in his complaint.According to Prajapati, the caller did take the police officer's name, though the same was not mentioned by him in the complaint. The caller also told Prajapati that he is being watched and he would be defamed before the police and media, the sculptor stated in his complaint. \"I am very afraid of the threat and I have an apprehension that they would get me killed,\" Prajapati stated in his complaint.It is not the first time that Prajapati has knocked on the doors of the police. It was on February 19, 2008 Prajapati had claimed that his house was attacked.Miscreants had allegedly attacked the house of Prajapati in Saadatganj locality late on February 19 night in 2008. Sculptures of Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar and chief minister Mayawati were reportedly damaged in the attack while Prajapati had escaped unhurt.Police, however, had taken the attack with a pinch of salt. Local residents too had expressed possibility of the incident to have been a stage managed one, merely to demand police gunners. During earlier BSP regimes, Prajapati was provided with more than one police gunners. However, chief minister Mayawati later distanced herself from him allegedly following reports of his involvement in unfair land deals.Even though, on February 20, the police had lodged an FIR against 11 persons including contractors, property dealers and a journalist of a news network in connection with the attack on the sculptor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13653343", "title": "Acid attack: 4, including mother and two sons, arrested", "text": "ROHTAK: Even as Ram Niwas, estranged cousin of Ritu Saini, the acid attack victim volleyball player, continued to be on the run, police on Tuesday arrested four more persons, including a woman in this connection.Ritu was attacked by two youths, who threw acid on her face on Saturday at Prem Nagar chowk in the town. Police claimed to have cracked the case stating that Ram Niwas was the main conspirator, who hired the two youths under a deal for Rs 1.25 lakh to attack the girl.After interrogation of Pradeep and Neeraj, two youths arrested on Monday, police have identified four more persons, including two siblings and their mother, for their role in the incident.Sanjay, his brother Manjit and their mother Rajwanti, all residents of Jamni village of Jind district and Sohan, another resident of Jind, the co-conspirator, were arrested on Tuesday morning.A police spokesperson said that the accused were involved in hatching the conspiracy. Rajwanti and her sons had provided the motorcycle used by Pradeep and Neeraj. The motorcycle is registered in the name of Manjeet.Contrary to rumors that Ram Niwas had been apprehended somewhere in Haridwar, the police spokesman said that he was on the run. He however claimed that a police party has already rushed to search the suspected hideouts and that the culprit will land in police custody soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654047", "title": "Advice saved Eknath Bahule", "text": "PUNE: Had it not been for some advice, Eknath Bahule, the bridegroom, feels he may not have survived the expressway accident on Monday which claimed the lives of 28 close relatives and left many others injured.Bahule was going to help the driver of the mini-bus change the tyre, but was stopped by relatives who told him it was his wedding day and he should not venture out.Eknath was travelling is an SUV that stopped a little away and ahead of the two mini-buses ferrying the wedding party travelling to Pune on Sunday night. Geeta Sitafe, Bahule's maternal aunt and her son were in the SUV with the newly married couple.Geeta heard a loud bang and got off the SUV to see the cause when she came under the wheels of the moving mini-bus. Some private vehicles and two mini-buses were parked on the service road, where the punctured tyre was being changed.Speaking to TOI, Bahule said, \"We enjoyed the wedding festivities till night and left Mumbai for Pune in a happy frame of mind. Little did I know that I was about to lose my relatives within a couple of hours. They had celebrated my marriage a few hours ago, but were now lying in a pool of blood. It was painful.\"\"I was shocked to see the minibuses run over my relatives. Some were crying for help,\" Eknath said. He immediately called some relatives who had reached Pune in another vehicle. \"Some calls were made to my friends and relatives in Mumbai asking for help. Meanwhile, I began moving bodies to the roadside and rescuing those who where trapped under the buses. It was risky to move the injured. I cannot come to terms with the tragedy,\" he said.Eknath, who undertakes painting jobs, works on contract. He was the only and youngest son of the Bahule family that lives in Laxminagar, Yerawada.The narrow lane where the family lives in Laxminagar, still has a pandal and assorted decorations put up for the wedding. The atmosphere is full of grief and sorrow, now. Manisha, the bride, is in deep shock. Her parents arrived from Ghatkopar to be with her and Bahule's relatives too were doing their best to help her come to terms with the tragedy. Eknath and his relatives have been sitting outside their home since Monday morning.One of Bahule's neighbour said, \"Laxminagar's population is of working and labour class. All we can offer the family is our support.\"One of the reasons for the high death toll was that the people were sitting or standing between the two minibuses when the repair work was going on. The Bahule family members claimed that it was hot and humid.Once the bus stopped, people spilled out for fresh air. Nobody thought something like this will happen as the buses were parked on the service road, said a member of the Bahule family. Children who were in the buses received only minor injuries, while those who sat on the road between the buses lost their lives.Bhalchandra Bhosale, a resident of Pandharpur and a relative of Eknath, was among the wedding guests who reached Pune first. He said, \"I reached home with some others around 11 pm. I made a call to other people, and I was told that there was some problem with one of the vehicles and they were mending it. The vehicles were at Khalapur, so I thought it would take another two hours for the buses to reach Laxminagar, so I decided to rest for sometime. Within half an hour, I got a call informing me that the buses had run over people and they needed help.\"Another relative of Eknath said, \"It was a terrible sight at the accident spot when the police and other people rushed to help us. I had to assist the police identify the victims and the injured. Some bodies were beyond mutilated and could be identified only from the clothes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13669673", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 movie is not titled \u201cVaradhi\u201d?", "text": "Prabhas' new movie under the direction of debutante Koratala Shiva is not titled as \"Varadhi\", says the buzz. The makers of the film claim that \"Varadhi\" is just the working title and the final title is yet to be decided.\"We have registered a couple of titles in the Film Chamber as working titles but still people continue to say \"Varadhi\" as the main title. We shall announce the main title later\", says an official from the production house. Prabhas would be seen sharing screen space with Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay in this romantic entertainer. V Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations banner. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652048", "title": "Now, all eyes on MHT-CET results on June 14", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after State Board's HSC results, all eyes are on Maharashtra Health and Technology Common Entrance Test ( MHT-CET-2012) results that will be out on June 14 like previous years. Till then, the much-awaited centralized admission process (CAP) for medical and engineering admissions would not commence. Government had already done away with the announcement of the state and regional toppers merit list since last two years owing to its policy of de-stressing the children. The final merit list would likely to be declared on June 25.\"We will declare the results on June 14 which is the fixed date since last many years,\" medical education director Pravin Shingare told TOI from Mumbai. He added that only after that they would announce the medical admission schedule. This will be last MHT-CET as from next year Delhi-based Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) would be conducting National Entrance-cum-Eligibility Test (NEET) that will be single entrance exam for all medical courses in the country. It will be held under the aegis of Medical Council of India (MCI).Shingare, however, was non-committal on whether Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER), the competent body for conducting MHT-CET, would hold the entrance test next year again for engineering courses. \"The state government is yet to take any decision in this regard,\" he said.Over 3.30 lakh aspirants had appeared for the MHT-CET from the state of which 20,000 were from Nagpur region comprising six districts. The number saw a jump of over 35,000 students as compared to last year. But like last year, there will be a tough competition for medical seats while engineering seats are again going to remain vacant. Over a lakh engineering, 7,000 medical and 9,000 pharmacy seats are up for grabs through MHT-CET.Last year, over 25,000 engineering seats were vacant in state of which 7,000 were from Nagpur University alone. With the addition of 11 new engineering colleges in state, the situation is going to be tough. Presently, NU has 21,721 seats in as many as 58 engineering colleges, DMER sources informed.Seats to be filled up through MHT-CET:Faculty ---------- Colleges ----------- SeatsEngineering ----- 309 ---------------- 1.20Pharmacy ------- 147 ---------------- 9,170Medical ---------- 60 ----------------- 7,090BPMT ---------- 14 ----------------- 1,010Architecture ----- 40 ---------------- 1,997Hotel mgt -------- 9 ---------------- 470(* The figures are not exhaustive and may change with new colleges)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13654282", "title": "'The cricket in IPL has helped overcome segmentary loyalties'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spontaneous or stage-managed, but the outpouring of adulation that Kolkata laid out for its IPL-winning team has made it the season-ending debate of an eventful and controversial fifth edition.Kolkata Knight Riders , for long considered the IPL team lacking a local fan-base, found itself being carried on the collective shoulders of a over a lakh deliriously thankful Kolkatans on Tuesday. It was the coming of full circle of a fractious cycle. At inception , KKR was a team that was expected to instantly strike an emotional chord with the idol-worshipping, hero-chanting city. It quickly found itself divided in its loyalty for the homegrown cricketing hero and a megalomaniac film star team owner, and their inevitable ego clash.Kolkata's most recent coming-out party was being compared to the summer night in 1994, when similar droves emerged after Brazil won the World Cup. Of course, they didn't have to contend with their chief minister making political mileage out of it back then. Some, with a flimsy hold on history, even likened it to Mohun Bagan's historic 1911 IFA Shield triumph, but KKR being hailed as one of their own brought out the social commentators.\"There is a totemic unity about KKR's victory and SRK is producing the unity. It has brought everything together,\" says sociologist Shiv Viswanathan.\"See the symbolism here,\" he adds, \"Here is a Mumbai man saying that Kolkata is important. You must remember that he is a keen marketing guy. He may have not wanted Kolkata in the franchisee auction, but he understood its cultural possibilities. It is a symbol of the new unity of India. A cricket team has become a rainbow of unity. It is important to Mumbai, to Muslims, to Kolkata, to India.\"Prasanta Roy, the former head of Political Science and Sociology, Presidency College , offers a more sedate explanation. \"Bengalis are emotionally charged quickly. This is specific across classes. You can see it in entire audiences on TV. There is no difference . The IPL provides a unique emotional stimulus. The fact that it is more glamorized , gets more media attention, it cannot be ignored. It has happened before in other sport, but not at this particular scale.\"Arun Roy, director of Egaro, last year's film adaptation of Bagan's 1911 IFA Shield win, says it has to do with the basic Kolkata sentiment. \"There is some of Kolkata, some of SRK, but it's a good sign that this is being received here first as Indians. I am very proud for Gautam Gambhir too, as I would have been had Dada (Ganguly) been in the team. It's a mixture of sentiments, but above all it's an Indian thing.\"The obvious question, of course, is of West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee 'hijacking' the KKR victory parade. For once, her show even put SRK in shade, but Viswanathan and Prasanta Roy refuse to read too much into it. \"There is a definite suggestion of a political angle to it. In the Hazra area of south Kolkata, the presence of party flags would indicate a tie-up between the party in power and the IPL team,\" points out Roy.\"The carvinal and the spectacular atmosphere around non-serious issues are normally used by ruling parties to stupefy those in the BPL segment where larger, vital issues are deflected by such popular distractions . Obviously, it is done to keep the flock together. This show is reaffirming party faith, but how will it translate for her is too early to tell,\" he adds.\"There are shades of populism, but it is not populist,\" says Viswanathan. \"For all its hospitality, West Bengal is shrewder than it looks. They have suffered enough - from political regimes, from loss of industry - so for all their sentimentality, they can see through a ruse.\"He feels that the CM cannot use cricket as a political script. \"Hers is only a side role in this. She is struggling, so she needs this. She had no alternative but to join the band.\"But does Kolkata's reaction to KKR's victory signify a change in attitudes - no Ganguly , no key Bengal player and yet a wholesome acceptance of their team? Prasanta Roy says there has been a social transformation . \"Even our local football teams have become like that, so I think, that is no longer an issue. Perhaps the older Bengali fans could have a problem with it but the criteria of judging a team has changed over time.\"Viswanthan feels it is the IPL that has triggered such a sea-change . \"The cricket has helped overcome segmentary loyalties. The IPL is a sum of its contradictions. It sounds absolutely silly, it is absolutely perfect . I have never seen so much hypocrisy and so much humanity together,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655727", "title": "Cars and bikes rest in peace", "text": "CHENNAI: On Tuesday, the city was divided into two - the haves and the have-nots . The haves, with a full tank to bank on, had the road to themselves while the have-nots , saving whatever little fuel they had for posterity, stayed off the road on the sixth day of the fuel crunch.The roads wore a deserted look as most office goers boarded buses and suburban trains, leaving guzzlers at home.And the lucky few who had tanked up their vehicles, breezed through the streets. If at all a few roads were clogged, it was because the long queues at fuel stations spilled onto the roads.Major roads notorious for congestion saw free flow of vehicles, as nearly 50% of cars and two wheelers were off the streets, according to the traffic police. Traffic breezed through Nungambakkam High Road, Nelson Manickam Road and Anna Salai, which are otherwise choc-a-bloc .\"Traffic was much less at Choolaimedu and Nungambakkam between 9am and 10am but buses were jampacked than they used to be last week,\" said M Chandran, a frequent commuter and a former employee of MTC. Those with bikes braved the 41 degrees Celsius heat for a couple of litres of fuel. \"I joined the queue at a fuel outlet in Nungambakkam at 6am and finally got two litres for my bike at 9.30am,\" said V K Santhanam, an insurance agent.Fist fights at fuel bunks made the atmosphere further combustible. The 'can mafia' - black marketeers who hogged the queue for petrol with water cans - gypped motorists who badly needed a litre.\"It took me an hour and a half to fill my twowheeler and there was rage on everyone's faces. I feel sad for the bunk attendants who bore the wrath of the motorists,'' said Edwin Jaisingh. And there were those who heard the jingle in the struggle - the autorickshaw drivers who scalped their passengers. \"From Mambalam station to Teynampet , for which I usually pay Rs 40, the auto driver charged me Rs 70,\" said S Paul.Traffic police officers at Gemini signal and Nungambakkam winked at overcrowded share-autos . \"It will be a torture for passengers if we catch the drivers today for overloading,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13669716", "title": "Karunanidhi denies threatening to pull out of UPA government", "text": "CHENNAI: Within hours of threatening to pull out of the coalition government at the centre if it failed to roll back the petrol price hike, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) chief M Karunanidhi on Wednesday denied having made any such threat.Blaming media for misquoting him, Karunanidhi told news reporters that what he meant was that the DMK had not hesitated to pull out of the ministry in the past when the union government failed to address public issues. He said, \"What I said is that we have walked out in the past. I did not say we will walk out now from the central government. It is a media mischief.\"With the presidential election round the corner, he said the DMK would not do anything that rocked the UPA government. \"Rather, we will remain in the alliance with all the bitterness.\" He said the prime minister had assured the DMK that he would look into the petrol price hike issue.Asked whether his party would quit if there was no roll back, Karunanidhi said, \"I can't say at present as to what we will do if the hike is not rolled back. If we pull out, then there will be a crisis at the centre and communal forces will seize the opportunity. We don't want to create such a situation.\"Earlier in the day, addressing a DMK gathering organised to protest the petrol price hike, M Karunanidhi had warned the centre that the DMK might be forced to pull out from the government if \"anti-people policies\" continued. Leading the protest in Chennai, Karunanidhi said: \"We have been in coalition in the past with the BJP and VP Singh ( Janata Dal ). Though we are a part of the central government, DMK has not hesitated to stop anti-people measures. It's in that spirit we are holding this agitation. We will sail with the center as long as possible. We will request first, then will raise our objections strongly. If there is no response, then we will leave to uphold our pro-people principles and policies. The centre should not give room to drive us to that extent.\"This is for the first time after a year since the DMK tasted defeat in the assembly elections last year, that Karunanidhi participated in a protest. He had strongly condemned the centre's stand on the Mullaperiyar dam issue a few months ago.Addressing the protest meeting, Karunanidhi also said the state government should protect people from the burden of central taxes by its own strength. He observed that both the centre and the Tamil Nadu government had raised prices of essential commodities. \"Which government is going to rollback the price hike first? Who is going to receive people's appreciation?\" he asked. \"Here is a competition, both the governments should come forward to help people,\" he commented in a sarcastic vein.A host of DMK leaders including K Anbazhagan, MK Stalin and former ministers participated in the state-wide protests against the centre and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653431", "title": "Sonography centres demand uniform policy against sex determination", "text": "JAIPUR: Seeking uniform implementation of policy against illegal sex determination, the radiologists and sonography centres of the state under Jaipur Medical Association (JMA) and Medical Practitioners Society (MPS) have sought intervention from the state government.On Tuesday a delegation of doctors from sonography centres under JMA and MPS met chief secretary CK Mathew and urged him for a proper policy to renew sonography registration. They also requested him that the government should not to just 'pick and chose' merely the private sonography centres in their action against illegal sex determination.Dr Akhilesh Sharma, president of MPS said that while penalizing the sonography centres the authorities should not merely take action according to their whims and fancies. They should also sternly implement policies against the government-run sonography centres.\"A majority of maternity hospitals run by the state government have sonography machines where they are not furnishing the required 'F' form. Many anomalies are found in the sonography centres especially in their 'F' form, still the authorities have turned a blind eye to them. We are also supporting government's crusade against feticide and illegal determination of sex provided the government should treat us similarly,\" Sharma added.Earlier in the day JMA and MPS in a joint press conference showed nearly 100 F forms citing heavy anomalies. \"They are penalizing us even when we make minor mistakes like not mentioning the patient's proper age but government-run sonography centres are spared.\"The sonography centres threatened that if the state government will not make a uniform policy more than 50 private sonography centres in Jaipur will stop the test for all the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650976", "title": "Suman Nagar railway underbridge to open before rains", "text": "MUMBAI: The 200-m-long Suman Nagar railway underbridge is slated to be open for public before the monsoon.MMRDA officials said three of the four lanes will be opened to public, making it easier for motorists to drive under the railway bridge without any hindrance.The weather bureau has said that it expects the monsoon to arrive in Mumbai on June 10. \"We are trying to get everything ready by early June but it might be delayed by a few days,\" an MMRDA official said.With the opening of the three lanes, the motorists will now be able to commute through seven lanes-four are already open to public. The main beneficiaries will be people travelling to Pune and those coming to Mumbai. The underbridge, which is situated at the V N Purav Marg and the Eastern Express Highway, has been built by the MSRDC.The MSRDC demolished embankments under the bridge to build four new lanes for south-bound traffic. The existing four lanes can be used for north-bound traffic. The cost of the underbridge is Rs 12 crore; it has been financed by MMRDA.The 500-m Suman Nagar flyover was opened to the public several months ago.It eased traffic flow for people headed to Pune but things slowed down when traffic from Navi Mumbai reached the railway undebridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13652737", "title": "New turf promises better speed, control", "text": "LUDHIANA: Budding hockey players from Malwa Hockey Academy of the state sports department are among the first ones to experience the new pink and blue astro turf laid at Olympian Prithipal International Hockey Stadium in Punjab Agricultural University. Players from the Malwa academy, who have been training on the new turf for a few weeks, say the experience would certainly improve their skills and speed. Jaiveer Singh, 14, says the hockey players of Ludhiana are fortunate to have such a turf in the city. \"We hadn't expected the state sports department would be the first one in the country to lay this rare turf. In fact, very few countries have it so far,'' he adds. To practise on blue and pink turf increases the stamina and the game is much faster than that on green astro turf, says Jaiveer.''I had been waiting for this turf since the sports department announced it would set it up in Ludhiana. I spend three hours every day on this turf,'' says Meher Singh, 14, who feels there is a lot of difference in playing on this turf and on the green one.The hockey matches at the London Olympics-2012 would be played on blue and pink turf.Arshjot Singh, 15, says training on this turf would help Indian players perform better at international tournaments. ''The only demerit I felt was it is tough to play on this turf with a white ball. The yellow ball is more suitable for this turf,'' says Arshjot, while the stick in his hand dribbles with a ball in what seems to be an involuntary action. The Ludhianvi players are lucky to have the world's best infrastructure for the game, he adds. These wielders of the hockey stick have been training under coaches Yudhvinder Singh and Sukhwinder Singh. The coaches say this turf is superior to the green turf and absorbs lesser water. ''It increases the speed of the game, simultaneously improving players' control on the ball. It is a boon for the players,'' says Sukhwinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13662127", "title": "Mangalore air crash: 812 foundation complaint verdict on June 12", "text": "MANGALORE: The private complaint filed by 812 Foundation, alleging that three government agencies and 12 officials as responsible for the Air India Express 812 crash of May 22, 2010 which claimed 158 lives, was posted for orders on June 12 by the JMFC II court Judge Roopashri here.Making submissions at the court here on Tuesday, 812 Foundation, president Yeshwanth Shenoy said though at first he thought the persons responsible could be charged under section 304 Part II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 304 A (Causing death by negligence punishable by 10 years imprisonment and fine or both) of Indian Penal Code (IPC), after investigation he had found the charges were grave and made a plea to charge the officials under section 302 (punishment for murder).In the complaint 812 Foundation has named Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), Airports Authority of India (AAI) and 12 officials serving with these agencies. In case the court finds there is a cognizable offence, the private complaint may be changed to a criminal complaint.Shenoy accused DGCA for failing to verify the Capt Zlatko Gluscia's Airline Transport Pilot License (ATPL) licence before issuing the FATA (Foreign Aircrew Temporary Authorization) licence. Shenoy said AIE 812 pilot did not have the requisite flying hours for 737-800, but had 400 flying hours for 737-400. Shenoy also said the pilot was not under the direct control of AI as he was sourced from Sigmar Aviation, Isle of Man. Shenoy also pointed out the Court of Inquiry (CoI) showed the Instrument Rating Check (IRC) of the pilot was on May 14, 2009 and was valid till May 13, 2010, according to aviation norms. The accident had occurred a week later.Sheony's said it was clearly established in the Court of Inquiry that the fire started after the aircraft wing hit the ILS structure making AAI responsible putting the non frangible structure at the end of runway.\"If ILS was not mounted on the concrete structure the pilot may have been able to take off or the resultant crash would not have resulted in such loss of lives in the absence of fire,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13654883", "title": "Irate India questions rule of law in China", "text": "BEIJING: The Yiwu kidnapping controversy took a new turn on Tuesday when the Indian embassy wrote a strong rejoinder to an article by a Chinese professor criticizing its advisory to Indians visiting China. The state-run paper, Global Times , published an article by a law professor which justified the kidnapping and beating of three Indian traders over business disputes.\"It's understandable that the sellers may adopt some radical actions to demand payment, given the potential damage to their business,\" the article said. \"Those Indian merchants who deliberately don't pay for their goods betray the trust of their Yiwu counterparts and damage the interests of the sellers,\" it said.In the letter to Global Times, the Indian government has taken the rare step of publicly questioning the rule of law in China. \"The professor from Yiwu thinks that 'radical actions' are a solution to trade disputes. Others like us expect, perhaps optimistically, the rule of law,\" the embassy letter said.It further said such attitude makes the case for issuing travel advisories for Indians \"even more compelling\" .This is the first time that the Indian embassy has made public a letter to a Chinese newspaper and uploaded it on its website. It told the paper's editor that \"the prevalence of such views and that your newspaper has chosen to print them makes the case for our advisory even more compelling\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13651997", "title": "Steep fall in jasmine price worries Dindigul farmers", "text": "MADURAI: Farmers in Dindigul district are disheartened by the sharp fall in the price of jasmine flowers this season.Places like Nilakottai, Chinnalapatti among others in the district are known for their flower cultivation, where the farmers cultivate large amounts of flower varieties like jasmine, cockscomb, tuberoses, arali and others. While jasmine flowers are the ones which are cultivated predominantly, the other varieties are mainly used in the making of garlands, especially during wedding seasons.Interestingly, farmers in this region cultivate jasmine flowers along with vegetables because the buds turn out bigger and better when they are fertilised along with tomatoes, brinjal and okra (ladies' finger). The jasmine plants thrive for a period of three to four years producing good yield to farmers after the vegetables are harvested.However, this year, due to timely rainfall a few weeks ago, the flowers that are blossoming now are producing big buds and appear in pure white, but a steep fall in prices in recent days has made the farmers anxious.Kettaimani, a farmer from Jathikoundanpatti, said that the price of this fragrant flower was hovering between Rs 400 and Rs 500 per kg during the same time last year, as the month of Vaikasi is the wedding season in Tamil Nadu. \"But now, the flowers are selling at Rs 75 per kg which is very low. Of this, Rs 45 goes towards labour,\" he rued.\"The only people happy about the price situation are those who are have marriages in their families this season, as they can afford to decorate the entire stage with jasmine flowers if the prices remain so low,\" said Krishnamoorthy of Thoppampatti.Surendran, another farmer said that though they are happy about the good quality flowers that are blossoming this season, they had to spend extra money on pesticides to keep the insects away. \"If insects start attacking, the quality of the flowers goes down,\" he said.Women from these villages who depend on the jasmine picking this season for meeting the expenses of their children's education in the beginning of the year, say that their earnings have also come down. \"Last year, I made about Rs 200 a day, by working in the fields from early morning for a few hours after sunrise but now making Rs 100 has become difficult, because the prices have fallen,\" said Rajalakshmi of Settiyapatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652161", "title": "57% turnout in panchayat bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: Braving heat wave, around 57% voters exercised their franchise in the first phase of three-tier pancyayat byelection on Tuesday. Polling for 202 seats that took place in the 91 blocks of 10 districts including Chatra, Giridih, Godda, Sahebganj, Pakur, Jamtara, Bokaro, Khunti, Ranchi and East Singhbhum passed off peacefully in Maoist-hit areas.Maximum number of candidates was in the fray for ward members in Sahebganj district and minimum were in Khunti and Giridih where four candidates tried their luck. A total 516 candidates were in the fray.Sources in the state election commission said no untoward incident was reported from any place during the polling. \"We had made adequate arrangement of security forces at all 398 polling stations. There were additional teams also on regular patrol duty which ensured that no unwanted person was seen near the booth,\" said a source.State election commissioner S D Sharma said the polling started at 7am and continued till 3pm. Some of the voters who could not cast their votes by 3pm but were present at the polling booth were allowed to cast their ballots. Counting of votes will take place on June 6.\"In most of the places, the voter turnout was good since morning and people continued to reach the booth and exercise their franchise braving the heat wave,\" said Sharma adding that the voters had reposed faith in the democratic system at grassroots level. Even women in large number participated in voting in remote areas.The highest turnout was around 61% in Pakur district, followed by Bokaro and Ranchi where 60.16% and 60% voters cast their ballots. The turnout was below expectation in Khunti district where 45.74% voters came to vote. Voter turnout in Maoist-hit Giridih district was 57%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651218", "title": "Organic farming to get a boost", "text": "NASHIK: Aiming to promote organic farming across Nashik division, the divisional office of the joint director, Nashik division, is planning to form around 8 clusters of organic farming in the division. Each cluster will have around 100 hectares dedicated for organic farming.The Nashik divisional office includes four districts: Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar. Out of the eight clusters in the division, two would be in Nashik district.Moreover, the agricultural department is also planning to organize a festival to promote organic foodgrains and vegetables at a few select locations in the city, twice a year, to create a market for thefarmers engaged in organic farming, so they can sell their produce directly to consumers. and sell them directly to the consumers.Addressing farmers at a divisional workshop on organic farming, Prakash Adagale, joint director, agriculture, Nashik division, said, \"ChemicalPesticides and fertilizers containing chemicals are being used excessively. This has an adverse effect on public health. causes bad effect on the health of people.To avoid this, the government is planning to promote organic farming in the state. We are planning to form around eight clusters of organic farming in the Nashik division. Each cluster will have around 100 hectares. under organic farming.Groups of farmers will be formed for the cluster. Around two clusters each will be formed in Nashik, Dhule, Nandurbar and Jalgaon districts.\"Certification and markets are two major elements required for organic farming produce. Adagale said that their plan was to focus on creating a market for organic farming products and reaching them directly to consumers by planning we are planning toorganizing a festival of organic products. The produce would range from green vegetables to foodgrains and fruits and would be planned on the lines of the foodgrains festival organised by the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA).\"The ATMA festival, organised by ATMAheld every year in Nashik is getting a good response as agricultural goods amounting to Rs. 2.5 crore are sold within a span of only two-three days. Our plan is to launch the organic product festival along similar lines,\" he said.Farmers from Nashik, Dhule, Nandurbar and Jalgaon districts participated in the workshop which was inaugurated by Adagale. Joint Director, Agriculture, Nashik division. The farmers from .Agriculture Officer, Divisional Office of the Joint Director, Agriculture, also expressed his views on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13660177", "title": "Nithin, Gautham Menon's Film Starts in June", "text": "Hero Nithin will be teaming up with director Gautham Menon for a breezy romantic entertainer. The actor has been getting offers from top directors and production houses after his successful film \"Ishq\", and he has immediately signed a film, co-starring Shruti Haasan to be produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sai Ganesh productions.And the latest buzz is that Nithin has shown great interest to work with ace director Gautham Menon. Sources from the production house say that the director is currently putting finishing touches to the script and the shooting will commence from June second week. A debutante will be seen as the female lead in this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13652799", "title": "Dashmesh Nagar man's Manali holiday turns fatal", "text": "MANALI: A 35-year-old man belonging to Dashmesh Nagar who was on a holiday to Rohtang Pass along with his cousins was killed when he slipped into a gorge.Police said Raghubir Singh, a businessman, lost his way near Sagu waterfall on Monday night. After his cousins failed to locate him, they got a missing person report lodged with the police in Manali. After a night-long rescue and search operation, Singh's body was finally recovered from a gorge near the waterfall on Tuesday. Police have recovered a videotape that Raghubir was recording when he disappeared. 'I have no idea of the path beyond this point,' were his last words on it. It is possible that the 35-year-old, popular as 'Angrej' among his friends, slipped to death.The police report lodged by the deceased's cousin, Navdeep Singh, stated that the four reached Manali on Saturday and planned a trip to Rohtang Pass on Monday.A car dropped us at Chumbak Mor and we began trekking uphill towards the pass. I strained my knee and returned. My cousins Gurpreet Singh and Sukhjinder Singh also returned midway as they were exhausted. We called up Raghubir on the phone, trying to convince him to return. However, he did not agree,' Navdeep told police.The body was handed over to the family after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649773", "title": "Govt not thinking about common man:", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has betrayed the people of Delhi,\" said VK Malhotra, leader of the Opposition in Delhi Assembly, reacting to Monday's budget. Hitting out at the CM, Malhotra said the 5% VAT on CNG will burden the common man as the cost of commodities will increase dramatically.\"Most of the commercial vehicles, especially those that are used intra-city, run on CNG. The increase of Rs 1.75 per kg will result in increased cost of goods. Auto-rickshaws and buses will also demand an increase,\" Malhotra said while speaking to TOI.Calling the reduction in petrol prices by Rs 1.26 per litre a \"bad joke\", Malhotra said the government was not thinking about the \"aam admi\". \"If the government was serious, it would have exempted petrol from VAT, just like our government has done in Goa,\" he said.Terming the announcements a \"repetition of old proposals\", he said, \"Proposals to increase the bed strength in government hospitals, expand the ambulance fleet, build more BRT corridors and other infrastructure projects have figured in previous budgets. But the government has failed to deliver''.The decision to install water meters in unauthorized colonies and slums has given the BJP yet another reason to attack the government. \"At present, these people pay Rs 150 for water. But now, they have to pay close to Rs 1,000 as water bill and additional sewer surcharges. This is unfair. Without providing facilities, how can the government force people to pay up?\" Malhotra said.The BJP has decided to oppose the government's move to give cash instead of ration. \"Instead of strengthening the PDS system, they want to take the easy way out. We can't ensure that all these people buy ration with the cash given to them,'' he said. He also criticized Dikshit's announcement to make Delhi a \"kerosene-free state\". \"This is a farce. The subsidy is only on the connection. How will poor people buy new cylinders when they don't have money to feed themselves?\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649752", "title": "3 with \u2018wedding card\u2019 flee with Rs 5L valuables", "text": "MUMBAI: Three unidentified armed men reportedly entered the bungalow of a shoe manufacturer in Chembur, threatened his mother and sister and fled with valuables around Rs 5 lakh.The incident occurred between 12.30pm and 1pm on Monday at Shell Colony in Chembur when Bhagwati Siyaram's (22) mother and sister were present in their bungalow, Nehru Nagar cops said.The three accused entered the bungalow on pretext of inviting the family for a neighbour's wedding. \"The accused told the victim they had come to give the invitation card. As soon as they entered the house, the trio threatened them with weapons and demanded that they hand over the valuables,\" said senior inspector D Bagayatkar.It took less than 10 minutes for the accused to walk out with the booty. Siyaram, in the complaint, said, \"I was away at work. My mother said the accused posed as our nei-ghbour's relatives and said they came to invite us for the wedding. After entering the house, they pointed weapons at my mother and sister and took them to the kitchen, war-ning them against shouting.\"The accused ordered the victims to remove the jewellery they were wearing and asked them to get more valuables from the bedroom. \"One of the accused stayed in the kitchen, while the others took away the valuables from the bedroom before fleeing,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655715", "title": "Now, video games to battle cancer", "text": "CHENNAI: Fighting cancer is not a child's play, but oncologists in India will soon hand over video games to young patients for better adherence to treatment protocols.The video games would pit the player against virtual cancer cells in a series of intra-body combats. When cancer patients, particularly teenagers, who play these games, they learn all about battling bacterial infections and managing side-effects of different forms of therapy.After having worked with cancer patients for several years, a US-based NGO Hopewell Foundation has developed the virtual games that will be brought out in India by Kartavya Healtheon. From June onwards, the games will be available free of cost for all patients who register with the company, said Anil Nayak, one of the founders of Kartavya Healtheon.The game, 'Re-Mission' , allows the player to pilot a nanobot named Roxxi who travels through the bodies of fictional cancer patients, destroying cancer cells, battling bacterial infections, and managing side effects. Studies by the NGO had shown that a specially designed video game can have a positive impact on the behavior of young people with chronic illnesses. \"The feedback we received was good. We wanted Indian patients to learn about the disease. The game is a bit self indulgent, but it is fun,\" Nayak said.Re-Misson promises to give young adults with cancer a sense of power and control over their disease. It uses 19 fictional cancer patients from diverse backgrounds. The types of cancers represented include those of blood, lymph nodes, brain and bone. It explains to the patients the importance of compliance with oral chemotherapy regimens and other prescribed medications, prompt reporting of symptoms and side effects , proper nutrition to increase the body's ability to fight cancer, anxiety, nausea, and pain management through breathing and muscle relaxation exercises.Unlike adults, when children are affected by cancer, there could be information gap as caregivers also get emotional. \"When an elderly person is affected, there is always someone who brings in the balance. But with children, most parents get anxious. To give information to youngsters in an entertaining way is also challenging . If computer games can do that, it will be worthwhile,\" said Psycho-oncologist Dr E Vidubala of Adyar Cancer Institute, Chennai. Sanjay Hegde, a 12-year-old cancer patient was excited when he heard of a computer game.\"I would like to see those lethal cancer cells die,\" he said.But what excited his parents, Srikanth and Savitha Hegde was that he would know that the hair he lost after chemotherapy will grow after the treatment and the nutrition in his food will help him regain energy required for his favorite game, tennis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653814", "title": "Highway police mull CCTV cameras to check high speed", "text": "PUNE: The state highway police is working on a plan to install closed circuit television cameras on the Mumbai-Pune expressway to check over speeding of vehicles, ensure road discipline and adherence to safety measures. The system would be linked to speed guns to curb over speeding. The plan would be submitted to the state government soon.Road safety measures and controls on over speeding on the expressway is back in focus following the expressway accident which claimed 27 lives on early Monday.Superintendent of police (highways) Pune division, Dilip Bhujbal said the highway police is working with IT professionals to come up with a system that would have the maximum features and advantages. \"The highway police, under the directions of the additional director-general of police (traffic) Vijay Kamble, is working on the proposal of a CCTV system for the expressway. It would take a few months for the plan to take shape. The system would evolve through various trials,\" Bhujbal said.Plans are to have the CCTV system linked to speed guns every ten km. \"For the 94-km expressway, around nine such CCTV units would be required in each direction,\" Bhujbal said. At present, the highway police has just three speed guns and this restricts effective action against over speeding. The CCTV system would help improve traffic management, better road discipline and road safety.Bhujbal said the private company looking after the maintenance of the expressway is keen on an advanced system. However, the plan would become a reality if the state government issues specific directions, he added. Just like the trafficop system which was implemented in Pune as a pilot project for a year to take action against traffic violators, the government would take a decision on implementing the CCTV system for the expressway, he added. Another effective measure for over speeding can be installation of speed governors, Bhujbal said. Just as the government has made it mandatory for vehicles to have PUCs, there is a need for speed governors too, he said.Highway police officials say that some expressways in the country have CCTV systems as well as other facilities which are not there on the Mumbai-Pune expressway. Parking bays are needed so that any vehicle, which has stopped for any reason, can be safely parked. The highway police point out that there is a need for facilitation centres at every three to four km where road users can get help for vehicles or tyre repairs, as well as basic medical help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653795", "title": "Human trafficking racket busted in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police on Tuesday busted a human trafficking racket in which women from Kerala were taken to Singapore and forced into prostitution. Following a complaint by one of the victims, police arrested two men, Sathya and Johnson, on charges of kidnapping the woman and her friend. They also arrested two others who were involved in the racket.Police said the woman had been to Singapore on four occasions and knew some of the members of the gang. \"During her last visit to the city, the gang had taken away her passport,\" an investigating officer said. She came to the city on Tuesday and asked Shahnawaz for her passport. He said it was with a friend and made her get into a car.While driving towards Anna Nagar, the two men turned on Shahnawaz and asked him to call up his contacts and arrange to give them Rs 1 lakh, failing which they would abduct the woman. Shahnawaz called his friend, who alerted the police. Police officers monitored the drop-off point and arrested the two men when they came to collect the money. Police rescued the woman.In another case based on a complaint by the same woman, police arrested Shahnawaz and Ahmed Kalam, who had forced the girl into prostitution and taken her passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13669155", "title": "Biel says marrying Timberlake won't change anything", "text": "Jessica Biel is convinced that her life will remain the same after she walks down the aisle fiance Justin Timberlake, insisting that marriage will not \"change anything\".The actress has admitted that she is \"ready\" to become Mrs Justin Timberlake and that she is excited for her future together.\"I don't think our marriage will change anything. It's just a challenge to balance privacy, family, and work, but I'm ready,\" Contactmusic quoted Biel as telling French magazine Gala.\"For me, getting married does not mean we should be limited to a predefined plan. Rather, it's an opening to explore new things in life,\" she said.One skill Biel will be hoping to improve on is her cooking because \"in general, it's a total disaster.\"\"But I've also had some pleasant surprises, like recently when I managed to make zucchini fritters,\" she added.'SexyBack' singer Timberlake had proposed to 'The A-Team' star back in December and the fiercely-private couple had celebrated their engagement with a lavish party in California on Saturday ahead of a rumoured wedding later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651195", "title": "Tuesday was May's hottest day so far", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as parts of central, east and north India reeled under intense heat wave with certain areas recording temperature between 46-47 degrees, Ahmedabad recorded 42.4 degrees on Tuesday, so far the hottest day in May.However, it is near normal as conventionally the normal temperature at this time of the month is around 42 degrees.Officials said that heat waves have spared Ahmedabad this season - there has not been a single heat wave that swept through the state this May.The highest number of heat waves braved by Ahmedabad was in year 2010 when 19 heat waves burnt the city one after another. 2010 was also the year when over 50 people died when the sun breathed fire burning at 46.8 degrees.Director of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD) Gujarat Kamaljit Ray said that the state has been spared a heat wave because the winds have primarily remained westerly this time. \"Westerly winds do not allow extreme dryness and allow the region to remain moist. On the other hands, northerly, north-westerly winds which are currently blowing through the central India are dry winds which bring along heat waves\", said Ray.In 2012, the temperature has remained steady between 41- 42 degrees. Only three times, including on Tuesday, has the temperature risen a few notches above 42 degrees at 42.4 degrees!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13656358", "title": "DARBAR: Reaching out to people on doorstep", "text": "PATNA: The 'Janata Ke Darbar Mein Mukhya Mantri' programme became such a hit that it caught the fancy of even folk singers. Famous Bhojpuri folksinger Sunil Chhaila Bihari came out with an album 'Baba ke Janata Darbar'.After positive response of the darbar and its impact, the CM thought that people who travel to Patna with minor issues should be provided an opportunity to meet the local officials who should take care of their problems. In 2007, it was decided that officials all over the state, from chief secretary and DGP to circle officers and police inspectors, would hold Janata Darbar at their own level on fixed days.CM Nitish Kumar said this exercise not only helped show a pro-public face of the bureaucracy, it also lessened his burden as the number of people coming to CM house with petty issues went down. It is, however, another matter that the public, not satisfied with the local officials, prefer to see Nitish.The CM made it a point to hold Janata Darbar during his seva yatra in different districts of the state. During his seva yatra, one day is reserved for 'Janata Ke Darbar Mein Mukhya Mantri' programme, which the administration advertises in advance. \"This way, the CM reaches to the people at their places to listen to their grievances,\" said rural works department minister Bhim Singh.The CM's secretary, S Sidhartha, who looks after the grievance cell, said Nitish received more than 28,000 applications during his seva yatras so far.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi's Janata Darbar is held every Tuesday at his Polo Road residence. \"We not only get to know their problems, we also get very useful feedback. Janata Darbars are surely a public grievance redressal mechanism. We get the real feedback, not only on the relevant issues but also on how our officers are working at the ground level,\" said Modi, who has developed a well-managed mechanism to look into public grievances. All the ministers have fixed days for holding Janata Darbar at their official residences. Ministers of BJP meet the people at party office.Sometimes people come to the CM or other authorities with funny and misleading cases.A person, Khutan Yadav of Bagahi village of Bodh Gaya, complained to the CM at his Janata Darbar about kidnapping of his son, Nandu, and started putting pressure on the police to arrest a co-villager, Hira Yadav, in this connection. Though the police officials knew that it was not a case of kidnapping, they were clueless about the whereabouts of the boy. Recently, the police got the information that Nandu's father had shifted the boy to his maternal uncle's house and filed a false case against Hira Yadav due to personal enmity.In a similar case, an old man, Anawarul Haq, of Abadpur village in Katihar, went to the Janata Darbar of the SP with a complaint that his son had been kidnapped by his co-villagers. But, luck would have it, the man had to eat crow. Katihar SP Lalan Mohan Prasad said it came to light that Haq's son, Anzar, was jailed in a murder case. He was released on bail only recently, and had slipped into neighbouring West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13653115", "title": "Bhagana dalits reject khap offer, ask collector to hold fresh talks", "text": "HISAR: Efforts to solve the ongoing tussle between dalit families and upper caste villagers made by Sarva Jatiya khap apparently failed on Tuesday as Bhagana villagers have refused to attend the joint meeting to be held on Wednesday.Meanwhile, the dharna by dalit families entered the 9th day and Virender Bagoria, who is spearheading the protest, indicated intensification of the stir from Wednesday onwards.With a view to bring truce between dalits and upper caste families, the khap panchayat on Monday had come into the picture. Headed by Master Mahender Singh, the khap committee had first met the upper caste families before meeting agitating dalit families at the mini secretariat here.Bagoria said, \"We have taken a decision not to accept any deal offered by khap committee. After our meeting, we came to the conclusion that the khap may not be able to understand our sentiments. Hence, we decided to continue the stir until deputy commissioner, Amit Aggrawal, comes forward for talks.''Joining him was Balraj Satrodiya, a BSP leader, who said, \"We wonder as to what stops the administration from allotting 100-yard plots to families and taking action against those persons from upper class families who ostracised us for being dalits. Let the deputy commissioner convene a meeting, in presence of elected members of panchayat.\"Dalit families are camping at mini secretariat premises since May 20 to press their demand for action against upper class families, who had allegedly ostracized them for demanding 100-yard plots in the common land of the village.On Tuesday, president of Indian Bahujan Sandesh Party, Kanta Alahariya, met Bhagana villagers and assured them of fair investigation into the matter. Alahariya had also met the DC, Hisar.DC Amit Aggrawal said, \"The administration has had a word with the Bhagana villagers, who are camping here in the district headquarters. We are hopeful that the matter will be sorted out very soon. I will accompany them to the village to resolve the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13651414", "title": "State adopts digital maps to tackle disaster", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana will soon have digital maps to deal with any natural or man-made disasters. Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) is doing the survey for Haryana Institute of Public Administration ( HIPA). The digitalization of the maps would help authorities in studying the issues, which could cause a disaster in the particular cities and districts.The state government has already constituted district disaster management committees and they have representations from all departments concerned.Moreover, in every district the nodal officials have been appointed. Sources said that to tackle natural disasters, digital maps would be available online which an authorized person appointed by deputy commissioner can access.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13652390", "title": "Alert in southern districts on eve of Red bandh", "text": "KORAPUT: Security was tightened across Koraput and Malkangiri districts on eve of Maoists bandh call on Wednesday. The Andhra Pradesh-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) has given a 24-hour bandh call in protest against Operation Greenhunt and deployment of paramilitary forces in the areas.The Red rebels' bandh call follows a protest week that the Maoists were observing from May 23 to 29. They have put up posters in different parts of Koraput and Malkangiri asking people to cooperate with them to make the bandh successful. The secretary of the AOBSZC, Chandra Mouli, had written to mediapersons about the Maoists bandh call.During the celebration of their protest week, Maoists had organized a series of village meetings in Malkangiri to spread Maoist ideology and seek people's support for their bandh call. They have urged people to form local militia in every village to fight against exploitation.Police have seized a few posters in Malkangiri district and also from Lamataput and Narayanpatna areas of Koraput district on Tuesday. Police said security has been beefed up across the district. Strict vigil is being kept along Malkangiri's boundary with Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to ensure that Maoists do not get a chance to enter the district.\"Additional security arrangements have been made in some sensitive areas. Police are on high alert because we can't be complacent,\" said DIG Saumeyendra Priyadarsi.The panic is understandable given that at least three SOG jawans were injured in a claymore mine blast triggered by Maoists in Malkangiri district on Sunday evening. Including the latest bandh call the Maoists have give at least seven bandh calls in the past few months and have murdered four civilians and a police sub-inspector in Koraput and Malkangiri districts.Sources said though police is there, security can't be guaranteed. It's better to cooperate with the Maoists during the bandh call by shutting shops and keeping vehicles off the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665850", "title": "Shree Yamai Pictures is ready with four Marathi movies", "text": "As the standards of Marathi movies are raising, the industry too demands more talents and production houses to come forward and take this responsibility.'Shree Yamai Pictures' is launched as a film production house with four massive 'A' grade Marathi projects to be releasing in 2012. The first project for the production house is 'Satya Savitree Aani Satyawan', a political thriller, which celebrated its look launch at Ramada Plaza Palm Grove on Saturday evening and is due for release in the coming month of June, 2012.The story begins with the murder of the most influential politician in town. During the course of time this murder changes many equations in the upcoming State elections, not only for others but also for the deceased father in law who is also the State cultural Minister. In the midst of this political mayhem, Sachit Patil (lead) discovers different conspiring plots and deciphering the mystery of two women-wives-of the politico , each of 'Savitree' to each of their dead 'Satyawan'.And thus begins a complicated quest in search of the real truth. Who are these women? Is their struggle to fight for their dead husband real or they are just pawns in a bigger game?The movie cast, actor Sachit Patil and actress Amruta Patki , former Miss India were the star attraction for the evening. The film is directed by Sarvesh Parab, well-known editor of 'Mi Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy', 'Shikanacha Aicha gho' to mention few to debut this movie as director and produced by Shamal Parab.Along with the first look launch party, Shree Yamai Pictures also announced their forthcoming projects with young brigade of directors. The announcements of the movie started with the movie 'Paathlag' a film by Santosh Manjrekar, a well-known director who is announcing his second movie under Shree Yamai Pictures Banner in association with B R Talkies who is entering in Marathi films followed by Vishal Desai in association with B R Talkies and produced by Shamal Parab in 'Nanyachi Dusri Baju' starring Sachin Khedekar and Santosh Juvekar, Vijay Rane's movie on life of the great Savitribai Phule with Shree Yamai Pictures and last but not the least 'Lau Ka Laath' a comedy movie directed and produced by Vijay Patkar under Shrayu Pictures which is a part of Shree Yamai Pictures to release on June 1, 2012.The evening was one of the most memorable moments for each one present as Marathi industry soon to witness quality films under the banner of Shree Yamai Pictures.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13649310", "title": "'Night shifts raise risk of breast cancer in women'", "text": "LONDON: Women who regularly work into the early hours can be nearly four times as likely to develop breast cancer, scientist have warned.The risk is highest among women who are naturally early risers. But even night owls are in danger. The threat rose with the more night shifts they did, the study found. And overall there was a 40% bigger risk compared to women who worked days.\"The results indicate frequent night shift work increases the risk for breast cancer and suggest a higher risk with longer duration of night shift,\" the Mirror quoted Dr Johnni Hansen, of the Danish Cancer Society that did the study, as saying.\"Those with morning preference tended to have a higher risk than those with evening preference,\" Dr Hansen stated. Women who worked nights three or more times a week for over six years were more than twice as likely to have the disease as those who had not.The risk almost quadrupled if they were early %bird types - possibly because they are more susceptible to body clock disruption, said the study.Night owls were twice as likely to have breast cancer, according to the findings %published online in Occupational and Environmental Medicine. The results were based on 692 responses, of which 141 were from women with the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13662107", "title": "Online retailers tweak business models", "text": "MUMBAI: Online retailers in India are fast changing their business models in an effort to stay afloat and turn profitable. Over the last six months there has been a strategy change effected by many players as fund infusion slows down in an industry which was piping hot for investors till last year.Snapdeal, a daily deal site that offered discounts largely on services such as spas and restaurants, expanded into selling electronics, fashion and lifestyle products recently. FashionandYou, a flash site which started off with apparel and accessories, has now become a pure-play e-commerce entity selling everything from homewares to kidswear as it broadens the portfolio.Single category e-tailers, which sprang up by the dozen last year, are also now expanding their offerings with the likes of SAIF Partners-backed Firstcry, a baby products retailer, now diversifying into selling beauty products through Goodlife.com.\"Single-category e-tailing was the most attractive proposition till last year but the cost of acquiring customers is very high compared to the return one makes from each transaction,\" says Niren Shah, managing partner, Norwest Venture Partners , a US based-VC fund which has invested in several e-commerce ventures. Specialty retailers have bled heavily acquiring customers often spending as high as 50% of their revenue.\"We started off as a 'deals' company but now we are a fullfledged e-commerce entity. We have seen that after expanding our offerings the frequency of purchase has gone up significantly by one customer,\" says Snapdeal's VP (marketing) Sandeep Komaravelly, adding that the site expects to clock revenues of Rs 500 crore by this year end on the back of the restructuring.For FasionandYou, expanding into kids and home and electronics was largely aimed at cashing in on women who form almost 60% of its consumer base. \"We were doing apparel and accessories and then we thought we could offer a greater variety to the fashion conscious consumer. The electronics that we sell is largely high-end,\" says Asheesh Mediratta, sales director at FashionandYou.The founders of another fashion flash sales site Exclusively.in are now focusing their resources on private online fashion brand SherSingh. Most of the strategy changes are induced with plans to conserve capital and accelerate the route to profitability.A lot of funding was expected to come in for specialized e-tailers that mushroomed last year but VCs have tightened follow-on investments since then.Pepperfry-.com, floated by former eBay India country head and ex-Cadbury professional, Ambareesh Murty, along with another eBay executive, Ashish Shah last year, stuck to having multiple categories.\"It was very difficult to start a venture in the horizontal space as everyone was asking us questions as to why we were not in the specialty play,\" Murty says. But today we are not regretting having a wider range of products, he says.\"There are a lot of challenges like warehousing, procurement, last mile delivery in being a pure play e-commerce player which is not there if you are a deal site but you will see many deal sites go this way to gain volumes,\" says Gautam Sinha, director (technology &amp; e-commerce) at Indiatimes Shopping.Avendus Capital's recent report on the digital consumer sector said that mass merchant sites have the advantage of a higher lifetime value of the customer, due to the multiplicity of products which it can sell to the same person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650728", "title": "Mom pushes minor girls into flesh trade, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A mother, who sent her two minor daughters to solicit customers, along with a woman pimp was arrested by the Mumbai police's social service branch from Sion.Last Friday, assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble sent a fake customer to the accused and busted the racket run by the two women. \"We raided a room at Prerna Municipality Kamgar Chawl, where the accused had let out her mezzanine floor and sent her two minor daughters (11 and 13) for soliciting customers. The customers were sent by her neighbour for Rs 4,000,\" said Dhoble.Police have arrested the neighbour, identified as Baby Nadar, under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act ( PITA). Nadar would get customers and then ask the accused to send her daughters. The mother, whose name has been withheld, used to rent the room as well accept money for her daughter's services, said police. The probe has been handed over to Sion police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13653995", "title": "Two trauma care centres on e-way likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Who is to be blamed for sitting on the development of trauma centres with emergency medical response teams along the expressway for 11 long years? The project was planned when the e-way was commissioned in 2001 and had it been in place lives of eight people could have been saved after Sunday's tragic accident.Following the Sunday's accident, the state administration is now planning to set up another trauma centre with advanced ambulances and air-ambulance facilities on the expressway between Khalapur and Panvel. \"We have asked engineers to study the sites on this stretch,\" an MSRDC engineer told TOI.A week ago the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) invited expression of interest from medical institutions for setting up trauma centre with air-ambulance facility on the e-way stretch between Lonavla and Pune.\"I think our plan to go for only one trauma centre towards Pune need to be altered by adding another one towards Mumbai. The mishap on Sunday forms a strong reason for such a facility,\" a top MSRDC official said.Following the mishap which claimed 28 lives, the officials with the state's transport and police departments had admitted the fact that existence of trauma centres and well-equipped ambulances would have helped save lives of eight to 10 people easily.The nearest government hospital on the Mumbai side is the Sion hospital. In Pune, the nearest one is Sasoon hospital.The golden hour to save lives is lost considering the distance and the traffic after entering the cities.Touted to be India's first expressway, the original plan of the Pune-Mumbai high-speed corridor, which came up into existence in 2001, had envisaged development of trauma centres along with the expressway's commissioning.\"It was the first expressway experiment in the country. The expressway was developed during the Sena-BJP rule. Since the Congress-NCP government has come to power from 1999, the expressway is still waiting for the trauma centre facilities,\" a source in the state administration said.Transport activist Ajit Shenoy termed the delay of 11 years to set up trauma centres as an example of utter negligence and incompetence. \"Before such centres come up now, the administration should bring in more number of advanced ambulances immediately. Also, the telephones which have been installed on the expressway should be made operative. After 11 years in slumber, at least now the administration should wake up,\" he said.Transport expert Jagdeep Desai said that the expressway's fourth service lane is narrow and is not detached from the expressway as in the case of the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway. \"For better safety, it should be widened further and should have separate crash barriers to separate it from the e-way,\" he added. He also said that the surface of the expressway had roughened over the years due to poor maintenance.Presently, the Indian Road Builders (IRB), which maintains and operates the road against the collection of toll payment, has a fleet of three ambulances, one hearse van, and four cranes to lift the vehicles. Regular travellers said, looking into the vehicles and length of the road more ambulances and vans are definitely needed in such emergencies.Meanwhile, the IRB officials said the road condition and maintenance was at its best as prescribed originally by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13665028", "title": "Films done only for money are painful experience: Irrfan", "text": "Irrfan Khan, who had his first solo hit in Bollywood with Paan Singh Tomar, says he is in no hurry to sign new films.\"Big bucks can entice anyone but I don't want to end up doing films just for monetary reasons. When you do a film for money, the cash flow does look good but the journey is really a painful experience. I would rather earn less than accept such films where I stay frustrated and irritated on the sets,\" Irrfan told PTI.\"I would rather strive for a situation where I can do the kind of work I can do and earn money for the producers and myself. That's my goal.\"The 49-year-old actor is returning with Tigmanshu Dhulia for the sequel of Sahib, Biwi Aur Gangster 2. After making waves with Haasil and Tomar, the duo are expected to come up with another interesting story.\"I really like Tigmanshu's idea for the sequel. He was talking to me about some other film. When I casually asked him about the sequel to Saheb Biwi aur Gangster, he said he was still working on the script.\"One day he just came and told me that he had a surprise for me in the form of Saheb.... sequel. I loved the character he explained to me and I was on,\" says Irrfan, who would be playing a jilted royal out for revenge in the film.Irrfan will be seen playing the character of Dr Ratha in Hollywood film The Amazing Spider-Man, slated to release this summer.\"Let's see how the character is placed in the story. There is no point talking about it now when I am yet to see the final cut.\"He will also be seen in Ang Lee's 3D film The Life of Pi, which releases by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650663", "title": "Multitasking takes a toll on memory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Till some time back, Saumya, 28, an executive in a company here, was happy juggling too many roles with ease. But oft late when she started feeling hazy, unable to recall names of her acquaintances and forgetting many essential things, she visited a doctor. Bharat, 35, who remains busy all through the day with many a work too is turning forgetful. What is common between Saumya and Bharat is not that they are suffering from a brain defect, but their inattentiveness due to multitasking.Texting, reading online and interacting with people while attending a meeting, that is performing many tasks at the same time, can make you feel like a superhuman, but it can cause pseudodementia, when your memory is unable to register a thing for a long time, say doctors.City neurologists, who had been seeing Alzheimer's and dementia -- both memory problems -- in old patients, have started getting multitasking young patients, who complain that they are unable to register things for long. Instead of prescribing medicines, the doctors are recommending them physical exercises and workout.\"We have been coming across young people who complain that they forget faces, names and at times can recall only the first few letters of a name, among others. This is due to inattentiveness. It happens when one multitasks, is stressed out and is unable to focus on one thing,\" says Dr Dheeraj Khurana, PGI neurologist. So how can one deal with it. \"Stay active, whether you are lean or fat, physical workout is a must for a healthy brain,\" he advises.As it is not a defect in the brain, no medicines are recommended. Dr Harpreet Singh Mann, a neurologist in a Mohali hospital, says, \"When one is preoccupied with many tasks, there is lack of focus. Those who have much stress and do not interact socially remain slightly depressed. There depression is often masked. It results in pseudodementia.\"What doctors recommendDo not try too hard when you cannot remember. Take it easyPhysical workout helps the brain to relaxMix up with people and share a conversationIndulge yourself in some creative recreationMeditate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651792", "title": "HC junks Italy's plea; India can try Italians", "text": "KOCHI: Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen while onboard Enrica Lexie are liable to be tried under Indian law and are not entitled to claim sovereign immunity, the Kerala high court ruled on Tuesday.While dismissing the petition filed by the marines and Italy, the single bench of Justice P S Gopinathan also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on each of the marines, payable by Italy. Dependants of the dead fishermen were also fined Rs 10,000 each for wasting the court's time by filing additional petitions in the case as a \"pressure tactic\".The court accepted advocate general K P Dandapani's contention that India's Criminal Procedure Code and Indian Penal Code are applicable in the incident as the Centre had brought contiguous zone and exclusive economic zone under the purview of Indian laws through a notification in August 1981.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13654796", "title": "President assigns caretaker role for Nepal PM", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepal President Ram Baran Yadav on Tuesday directed Baburam Bhattarai to continue functioning as the caretaker PM till a new government is formed, the president's office said.As per Clause 7, Article 38 of the Interim Constitution, Bhattarai's Constituent Assembly (CA) membership has also ended with the dissolution of the CA, the statement said. \"This paves the way for the search of a government of a permanent nature,\" said Rajendra Dahal, press advisor to President Yadav.The president has also asked all political parties to move ahead through consensus in view of the current political crisis in the country, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649328", "title": "University of leaks &amp; goofs does it again", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai's answer to consistent question paper leaks in the form of a new distribution system only added to the chaos for the second day running.More than 10,000 engineering students had a harrowing examination session on Tuesday when wrong question papers reached some centres and incomplete ones made their way to other colleges. Many students, including final-year candidates, were forced to sit for a paper under the old syllabus even though they had prepared for the new one. With one goof-up after another, many students across centres could begin answering their papers after a 15- to 45-minute delay.The varsity on Monday had decided to implement a new system where question papers would be dispatched via fax, password-protected CDs and suchlike to various colleges. However, for the engineering exam, which has 16 branches, the grand experiment went awry. At most colleges, the 11am exam for final-year students started late.Apart from receiving the wrong question paper, principals claimed that passwords to access the paper came in very late. To add to the confusion, the CD contained question papers for all 16 branches. There were 32 question papers comprising the old and revised syllabus. Colleges then had to sort through the information and choose the question papers of the branches they offer.Fourth-year instrumentation engineering students across ten centres taking their final exam received the paper meant for second-year students. When the university was alerted about the snafu, it asked colleges to distribute a the Instrument and System Design question based on the old syllabus to fourth-year students even though they had studied under the revised syllabus. \"We received the question paper bundles and a CD for instrumentation students. At around 10.30am, the university directed us to use the question paper in the CD. So we printed out the paper, made copies and then distributed them among our students. Soon, students raised an alarm and said the paper was not from their syllabus and was meant for second-year students,\" said a principal.When the college head, in turn, alerted the university and asked if the exam should be called off or whether a new question paper would be sent, the university asked the principal to hand over the question paper of the old syllabus to the students. Soon, sources said, all the colleges were asked to follow suit. \"The university officials said that there was little difference between the old and the revised syllabus and hence asked us to give out the old syllabus papers to those taking the exam under the revised pattern,\" added another principal.Second-year biomedical engineering students who took their exam in the afternoon claimed that they were also given the wrong paper for E-Cad. \"We were asked to attempt the question paper that was drawn up on the basis of the old syllabus. Apparently, there was no question paper for fresh students,\" said a student who took his exam at Watumull College of Engineering, Worli.Another college struggled to access the CD as the password had to be typed in upper case, but this had not been communicated to them initially.Subhash Deo, director (examinations), said, \"There is only a difference of two chapters in the old and revised syllabus, it was hardly a problem. Also, none of the papers were incomplete. The pages were available in a hidden format; the college staff was not equipped to handle these files. Our CDs reached all centres on time and if colleges were unable to start the paper as per the schedule, they should improve their machinery.\" He also claimed that on of the subject papers held on Tuesday had identical questions for both the old and revised syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650985", "title": "Tejinder Singh asks Antony to take action against Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two retired generals, themselves in the dock, launched separate attacks on outgoing Army chief General V K Singh on Tuesday, just two days before he hangs up his boots after a controversy-ridden tenure.First, Lt-Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh filed a complaint with defence minister A K Antony asking him to take \"necessary disciplinary action\" against Gen V K Singh and four other officers for issuing an \"illegal\" press release that defamed him.Then, Avadhesh Prakash, sacked as a lieutenant general after being among the four senior officers indicted in the infamous Sukna land scam, said he would soon challenge in court Gen V K Singh's decision to ratify the court martial decision to dismiss him from service.The Army chief has accused Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh, who retired as Defence Intelligence Agency (DIA) chief in July 2010, of offering him a Rs 14 crore bribe to clear a tranche of \"sub-standard\" Tatra vehicles in September 2010.The Army HQs in the March 5 press release had also accused Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh and \"some disgruntled serving military intelligence officers\" of spreading \"salacious and malafide stories\" that a covert Army unit had spied on MoD officials with \"off-the-air interceptors\" during the prolonged stand-off over Gen V K Singh's age.The retired DIA chief, who is also pursuing a defamation case in court, asked Antony to take action against Gen V K Singh and the four other officers for \"committing offences under Section 63 of the Army Act for their illegal acts prejudicial to good order and military discipline punishable up to seven years' imprisonment\".\"To facilitate disciplinary proceedings against Gen V K Singh, who is retiring on May 31, you are requested to pass an order for his attachment under Section 123 of the Army Act on his retirement,\" said his complaint. The CBI is investigating Gen V K Singh's complaint against Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh in the Tatra case.Prakash, who as the military secretary during Gen Deepak Kapoor's tenure as Army chief, meanwhile, blamed Gen V K Singh for being \"biased\" and making all kinds of allegations against him. Earlier this month, Gen V K Singh had ratified the court martial decision against Prakash, which strips him of his rank and all pension benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13654429", "title": "Rice mill owner shot, looted", "text": "VARANASI: Rajkumar Gupta, a rice mill owner of Telianala area, was shot at and looted by some armed miscreants near Bhadauchungi under Adampur police station on Tuesday. The amount looted by the miscreants could not be ascertained as Gupta was in a state of coma.According to reports, Gupta, owns four rice mills and also works as commission agent. He runs his office at his Telianala residence while his rice mills are located in Padao area. On Tuesday morning he left home for his rice mill on his scooty. When he was passing through Bhadauchungi, six miscreants on a motorcycle and a scooty intercepted him and tried to hit his head with the butt of pistol.On sensing danger, Gupta left the scooty and tried to run away on foot with his bag. But the miscreants caught him and hit his head repeatedly with pistols. However, when they did not succeed in snatching the bag, they opened fire on Gupta and fled from the scene with the bag.The incident brought the officials on their toes. SSP B D Polson and many senior officials reached the incident site and seriously injured Gupta was rushed to a private hospital where his condition was stated to be critical.The SSP said that during initial investigation it came to light that Gupta was attacked in a loot bid but the amount of cash looted by the miscreants was not known. Police are suspecting involvement of miscreants of the locality where Gupta dwells.Husband of BDC member shot dead: In a shocking incident husband of a block development committee (BDC) member, Angad Singh was shot dead by some miscreants outside his residence in Baksha police station area in Jaunpur district on Monday night.According to reports, Angad Singh, a native of Belhata village who was closely associated with Bahujan Samaj Party MP Dhananjay Singh, was sleeping near the main door of his residence on Monday night when some miscreants raided the place and opened fire on him. He died on the spot while the miscreants fled from the scene. His family has lodged a named FIR against three persons in this connection. Professional rivalry is suspected as the reason behind the killing.In another incident in Baheripur village, some miscreants slit the throat of Shivpujan Singh when he was sleeping near his pumping set. He died on the spot. His family has lodged FIR against the younger brother and ex-serviceman, Shambhu Singh in this connection. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "13652059", "title": "Fishermen allege exploitation by syndicate, want more for catch", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen in the coastal areas of Ramanathapuram and Tuticorin have expressed concern over a the operation of a syndicate of middlemen and fishing companies that procure fish from them at low prices. According to the fishermen, there are four fishing companies based in Tuticorin which literally rule the coasts and fix prices for catch. \"Whatever may be the catch, the prices fixed by the companies are final and fishermen cannot bargain with them,\" said S Emerit, president of the Mechanised Fishermen Association in Rameswaram.\"While the prices of every material involved in fishing have soared high, prices fixed for fish are falling steadily. For instance, we sold prawns for Rs 800 per kg and diesel cost Rs 12 per litre in 2008. Four years later, one kg of prawn is priced at Rs 450 when diesel is sold at Rs 44,\" he said.\"Most of the times, fishermen toiling at sea are kept in the dark about international prices of prawns and cuttle. Though international prices for prawns are very handsome, fishermen get very little such as Rs 350 to Rs 400 per kg. In spite of our hard work, we get very little profit,\" C Parthiban of the Mechanised Fishermen Association from Tuticorin pointed out.Fishermen have demanded that the government come out with a system to procure export variety fish such as prawns, cuttle and crabs. \"We have been asking the government to procure export variety of fish like it procures paddy and sugarcane, but to no avail. While fishing companies are showered with subsidies for exports, we are left in the lurch. The dollar value has gone up and fishing companies are going to incur a fortune with that. Hence fish prices should be raised by companies,\" B Jesuraja from Rameswaram said. Fishermen also complained that fishing companies were forming a syndicate to prevent others from operating. \"The companies rule the coast. If more companies are roped in, we may get higher prices due to competition,\" Jesuraja said.When contacted, Ramanathapuram collector K Nandakumar said the government was working on roping in more players to procure fish. \"The government is taking measures to bring in more companies from neighbouring states such as Kerala. Once there are more players in the market, prices will automatically go up. Besides, the government has proposed to construct two cold storage units in Ramanathapuram coast, and once these units are in place, fishermen can store catch and sell it later. It will give them an advantage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "on board pm's aircraft", "code": "13651278", "title": "Presidential poll: Manmohan Singh rules himself out as a candidate", "text": "ON BOARD PM'S AIRCRAFT: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made light of speculation that he could be one of the candidates for the post of president. \"I'm happy being where I am,\" he said. He was asked if there was an outside chance of him emerging as the candidate for presidentship as mentioned by some reports in the media.Silence is golden over Army chiefIn a loaded comment over the brewing controversy over allegations made by Army chief Gen V K Singh against the government, the PM said silence on the part of his government was golden. When asked why his government had chosen to remain silent despite the Army chief directly attacking it for allegedly leaking information to \"fix him\", Singh said, \"Sometimes silence is golden.\" TOI had asked him why the government was not coming clean despite having earlier ordered a probe into the leak of the secret communication from the Army chief to Singh.Non-committal on visiting IranEven as Iran's foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi lands in New Delhi on Wednesday to invite Singh for the upcoming NAM summit in Tehran, the PM remained non-committal on visiting Iran. Singh has a long-standing invitation from President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Iran but it may be difficult for him to avoid visiting the country this time because he has attended all previous NAM summits during his tenure as PM. \"We will decide about it after we receive the invite,\" Singh said.Salehi will meet the PM on Thursday to invite him for the summit and for a bilateral meeting with Ahmadinejad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664715", "title": "No Entry's Marathi remake", "text": "The Bollywood Film 'No Entry' which took India by storm on account of its comic content is now being remade in Marathi titled, \" Pudhe Dhoka Aahey\". The film is an Underground Films Pvt. Ltd. presentation, directed by Milind Arun Kavde. It is produced by Premnath Rajagopalan andNikhil Saini.The Mahurat took place by the hands of Manohar Parrikar , Chief Minister, Govt. of Goa in the presence of Milind Naik, Power Minister, Government of Goa and Vishnu Wagh, Chairman Kala Academy and MLA St. Andre.The star cast includes well-known actors from Marathi cinema including Bharat Jadhav, Kranti Redkar, Ankush Choudhary, Saie Tamhankar, Aniket Vishwasrao, Manava Naik, Sai Lokur and Paddy. The film will be entirely shot in picturesque locales in and around Goa.Stars Kranti Redkar, Sai Lokur, Bharat Jadhav and Aniket Vishwasrao gave an energy-packed Mahurat shot.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13649702", "title": "Honor killing: Man who murdered 'hapless' wife gets life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: She was a rape victim but her husband blamed her for the incident and punished her with death. Three years after Devender Pal Singh killed his wife after he got to know that she was raped by his neighbour, the 25-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a trial court, after a trial court termed it a case of honour killing. The couple had just been married for a year.\"The case in hands is redolent of the primordial savageness of mankind. It sings vociferously how much cruelty a man can assume and that too for vanity,\" additional sessions Judge Rajender Kumar Shastri said while holding Devender guilty of murdering his wife Poonam Pal in 2009.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on the convict, noting that a \"mejudice, condign punishment\" of life term would \"convey to the society the result of killing a hapless woman like victim Pal so brutally\".Talking about the plight of women in the country, the court said, \"A girl is no man's child. Her parents call her dhan paraya (property of someone else) since her birth. She is brought up and taught to stand to the expectation of he prospective in-laws.\"The incident dates back to September 6, 2009 when Devender beat his wife and then pushed her to death from the roof of his house. Devender took this step after Poonam told him that their neighbour had raped her. He even called his relatives and \"publicized\" the incident to humiliate her, the court noted.In its judgement, the court said that a message needed to be sent to the society so that an offence like this should not be dealt with leniency. \"It raises hackles to imagine the agony which the victim would have suffered. She was beaten black and blue by her husband (accused) without any fault of her. Even as per convict, she was forced to surrender by the offender by tying her hand and gagging her mouth to commit rape. She was insulted before the relatives including her own family members, i.e brother and his wife. She was beaten repeatedly and was killed like an animal. An offender like convict in this case... who takes away life of another and that of a subservient and subdued lady like his own wife does not deserve to enjoy fruits of life,\" the court order stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650227", "title": "Delhi University cutoffs likely to rise further", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the number of high scorers in CBSE's Class XII exams touching a new high, the cutoffs in Delhi University are likely to go up.With many students scoring high in subjects like economics, English, business studies, psychology, sociology and physics, cutoffs in popular colleges are likely to touch a new high. However, colleges say there will not be much change in the science stream while in other streams, cutoffs will go up marginally.The number of students scoring 91% and above has risen to 25,818 in 2012 from 17,164 in 2011. Even the number of students scoring 96% and above in 2012 is 1,576 more than last year.\"Looks like the cutoffs will be higher than last year. But it will be a marginal rise and there is nothing to get scared of. Many high scorers are now opting for semi-professional and vocational programmes. The first cutoff across the streams will remain high. We now need to focus more on vocational education as its status have improved and not everybody needs to do a BA or BSc,\" said the principal of Gargi College, Meera Ramachandran. Gargi College closed admissions for the majority of programmes in the second list itself last year.Merit certificates issued to students in history, psychology and economics have gone up this year. In economics, 546 students received merit certificates at 98% and above while 111 students bagged merit certificates in psychology by scoring 100% compared to 53 last year. Political science, however, saw a dip with 126 students scoring 96% and above compared to 862 students scoring 95% and above last year.College officials say they usually look at these figures while arriving at their cutoffs though a lot is based on the experience of teachers, too. The first list, they add, will anyway be inflated with 0.5% to 1.5% hike likely in humanities courses.Suchitra Gupta, associate professor, history, at Hindu College, said, \"We are usually groping in the dark before the first list as we can't say how many students scoring such high marks would actually take admission. So the first cutoff list is prepared accordingly.\"Officials say that if a course has 50 seats and enough students were admitted at a cutoff of 90% last year, it is likely that the cutoff for the same course will be slightly higher in the first list this year so that an excess number of students do not qualify.Jaswinder Singh, principal, SGTB Khalsa, said commerce and economics are in high demand during admissions, creating pressure on the number of seats. This results in an increase in cutoffs. \"I also feel there will be a slight jump in cutoffs even in science courses due to better performance of students,\" said Singh.This year, 580 students in physics got merit certificates compared to 355 last year, though there was a dip in chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651861", "title": "Relief for kin of SSB firing victim", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the next of kin of Neeraj Paswan, who was killed in firing by SSB jawans recently at Bairgania in Sitamarhi district.The cabinet also gave its approval to the Patna Municipal Corporation's Grant of Permission for Display of Advertisement and Similar Devices (Regulation) 2012, which will act as a model for regulation of display of hoardings/advertisements under the jurisdiction of all the municipal bodies in the state.Stating this here, the principal secretary of cabinet coordination department, Ravi Kant, said the regulation empowered the municipal bodies to fix rates for putting up hoardings in different zones in terms of the varying municipal tax rates in the respective zones. The regulation has fixed several other criteria like the size, colour, alignment etc, and also permits free advertisement for educational, religious and charitable purposes.The cabinet approved Rs 16.10 crore for payment of salary, salary difference and pension of Magadh University teachers and staff. It also approved promotion of two retired superintending engineers of the road construction department to the post of chief engineer with retrospective effect from August 8, 2001, in compliance with an order of the Patna high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "13651936", "title": "Funds shortage hits EMS housing project", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: Owing to insufficient fund allotments, the beneficiaries under the much-hyped EMS housing project are having a hard time in the district.Thousands of homeless families, who are currently staying in makeshift sheds, are unable to complete their house construction before the monsoon.The EMS housing project, aimed at providing house to all the homeless people, was launched in local bodies across the state in 2008 by the then LDF government. As per the project, Rs 75,000 will be allotted to each BPL homeless family.The original plan was to complete the project in three years during the course of which all the homeless would be given a roof over their head.\"I was selected as a beneficiary of the project by Alappuzha municipality in 2010. Under the scheme, we would get only Rs 75,000. We cannot construct a house with this amount as the price of the construction materials is skyrocketing day by day.\" They allotted Rs 55,000 in two installments and I could complete only the foundation works of the house so far. Now I don't have any money and when I approached the municipal officials for the balance amount Rs 20,000, they told me that they would give that amount only after completing the construction of the house,\" said V M Raghu, a resident of the municipality.\"We have been living in a makeshift shed since 2010 and my 20-year-old daughter Aswathi died after a fire broke out in our small shed in last December. Now I am working as a security guard and I don't know how to complete the construction of my house.\"The monsoon is too near and the roof of our shed is completely damaged,\" Reghu said.Alappuzha district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari said that 12,000 houses were sanctioned in the district under the EMS housing project.\"The construction works of 7,500 houses have been completed so far. The price of the construction materials is shooting up. So, Rs 75,000 is very low amount. Though the UDF government has increased the amount of all the housing projects as Rs 2 lakh, it is applicable only from this fiscal year onwards,\" she said. \"The panchayat will demand the state to take steps for helping those homeless families who were not able to complete the construction of their house owing to financial constraints,\" she said.The EMS housing project, aimed at providing house to all the homeless people, was launched in local bodies across the state in 2008 by the then LDF government.\"The district panchayat will demand the state government to take immediate steps for helping those who could not complete the construction of the house owing to financial constraints,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651747", "title": "Kizhakkambalam gold dacoity was LeT plot to raise funds", "text": "KOCHI: The Kizhakkambalam incident, in which Mathew John, a jeweller, and his two sons were waylaid and robbed of 2.25kg gold in 2002, was a well-planned plot by Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) to raise funds for its activities in the country.This startling announcement was made by police on Tuesday following the arrest of two LeT operatives from Karnataka and Kochi. The arrested persons - K P Shabeer (31) of Kannur and Ismail alias Bomb Ismail (33) of Ernakulam - are close aides of Thadiyantavide Nazeer, who is facing trial in a series of terror-related cases.They were among the nine persons who had attacked the jeweller and his sons on June 20, 2002. The group, which first hurled bombs, chopped off Mathew's right palm to get the bag containing the gold when he held on to it tightly.While Shabeer was arrested from Shimoga, Ismail was nabbed from Kochi when he came to the NIA court in connection with another terror-related case. Ismail is an accused in Kalamassery bus burning case and Rahim Pukkadassery murder attempt case.The organised crime wing of the crime branch was able to crack the case following a detailed probe into the source of chemicals used to make explosives which were hurled to scare people away from the crime scene. \"We found that the concoction was used by suspects in various terror-related cases, including the Coimbatore press club attack case, Bangalore blast and Rahim Pukkudassery murder attempt,\" police said.This lead helped the police to zero in on Thajuddin, who was involved in sourcing chemicals for the bombs allegedly made by Ismail and Thadiyantavide Nazeer at his residence at Vedimara in Ernakulam district.\"Thajuddin, currently jailed in Bangalore in connection with the 2008 serial bomb blast case, told his interrogators about the involvement of these accused,\" police said.The investigation team also suspects the role of LeT leader K P Sabir, who is holed up somewhere in Pakistan. Another accused in the case identified as Imam Ali was killed in an encounter with Bangalore police in 2003. The arrested were produced before the Kollencherry magistrate court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668175", "title": "Justin Bieber could face 6 months jail for alleged battery case", "text": "Justin Bieber could face six months in jail as an alleged assault case against a photographer in Calabasas, California has been sent to prosecutors that may bring criminal charges against the teen.And if the pop star was hoping the situation would go away quietly, he was sorely mistaken, as it has been reported his case will be referred to the Los Angeles County District Attorney for possible criminal prosecution.While detectives are continuing to investigate allegations of battery against the teen popstar, the case is being referred to the Los Angeles District Attorney's Office, ABC News reported.According to ABC News' Los Angeles station KABC, the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department has forwarded the case to the DA's Office for possible prosecution. Sheriff's detectives have already interviewed the alleged victim and plan to interview witnesses, according to a department release. They have also requested an interview with the singer.Just days before his scuffle with a photographer Sunday, Bieber learned some boxing moves from former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson himself.A video of Bieber getting a lesson from Tyson has gone viral on YouTube. Tyson also posted the photo above of him posing with the singer before they started training.It's not clear whether Bieber used some of the moves he learned on a photographer who was trying to snap pictures of the singer and his girlfriend, Selena Gomez. But now, the teen pop singer is being investigated for battery.According to police, Bieber has still not come forward for questioning after the alleged knock-down blow-up that left the singer without a shoe and his girlfriend picking up his hat.The photographer, who has not been identified, said Bieber struck him in the face as the mega couple exited a shopping center in Calabasas, California, on a Sunday afternoon movie date. Witnesses said that the photographer was blocking Bieber's car, leading to the star's reaction.\"They were stopping him from leaving the parking lot and that made him really mad,\" witness Summer Janis told the news channel.Bieber and Gomez left before the authorities could arrive. But the photographer complained of pain and insisted on an ambulance. He also filed a police report, alleging battery by the 18-year-old singer, but sources told TMZ.com that he only did so after a lawyer passing by suggested that he could get some money out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13654540", "title": "'Dead' Maoist arrested in Sonbhadra", "text": "VARANASI: The Sonbhadra police nabbed Maoist ultra Lalvrat Kole, following an exchange of fire, in Chhikda forest, under the jurisdiction of Chopan police, on Monday night. The state police had announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh on Lalvrat, who had earlier been declared dead in Bhawanipur encounter with police in 2001. The cops recovered .9mm carbine, a rifle and huge quantity of cartridges from his possession.According to IG Brij Bhushan, acting on a tip off regarding presence of Maoist ultras in Chhikda forest, SP Sonbhadra SC Dubey formed three joint teams of police and CRPF. These teams cordoned off the forest. The cops marched towards the suspected hideout of Maoist ultras and asked them to surrender. But they opened indiscriminate fire on police and paramilitary forces. The cops retaliated and the exchange of fire continued for more than 45 minutes.When the Maoist ultras stopped firing, the police and CRPF personnel moved ahead and noticed some armed persons trying to escape. The cops succeeded in nabbing one of them, while four others managed to escape. The arrested Maoist was identified as Lalvrat Kole alias Kamalji, a resident of Jhario village, situated under the jurisdiction of Chakarghatta police, in Chandauli district. Brij Bhushan said that Lalvrat was the leader of the team of Maoist ultras that looted the self-loading rifles by attacking a PAC camp in Khoradih in Mirzapur district in 2001 and later blew the forest department office in Majhgai and also a PAC truck in Naugarh in 2004, in which 17 PAC and police personnel died.Lalvrat and his accomplices had beheaded Shiv Prakash alias Dabloo Kushwaha in 2009 and killed the SO of Naugarh police station. He was also involved in killing 13 other persons, including forest guards and blowing of houses of several persons in Sonebhadra and Chandauli.Lalvrat had remained a mystery for the police and other agencies for a long time after Bhawanipur encounter, in which several Maoist ultras were killed. It was claimed that Lalvrat had been killed in the encounter with police. However, the fact that he was alive was established during the CBI probe into Bhawanipur incident and during the police investigation in 2002 Basant Ram murder case. After that incident, he started operating in the name of Kamalji. Following these developments, the police included him in the list of rewarded Maoist ultras.It was the second big achievement of Sonbhadra police against Maoists in past one week. On May 24, the cops had succeeded in nabbing two dreaded Maoist ultras identified as Munna Vishwakarma and Ajit Kole, following an exchange of fire in Kanachh Kanhora jungle, under the jurisdiction of Chopan police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653989", "title": "Police seize leopard skin worth 3 lakh, three held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Tuesday arrested three persons on Fergusson college Road and seized a leopard skin worth Rs 3 lakh from them.The police said the suspects Mahendra Shivaji Donhe (25) who lives in Janata Vasahat and Deepak Dhami (29) a resident of Kothrud hailed from Nepal , and Nilesh Eknath Dhadve (24) is from Vadgaon Burdruk. Acting on a tip-off the anti-terrorism cell of the Pune crime branch led by inspector Sunil Tambe laid a trap and nabbed the suspects on Tuesday afternoon.Tambe said that the skin has been sent to the Zoological Survey of India for further inspection.\"The officials at the Zoological Survey of India told us that the skin was of a four-year-old leopard,\" Tambe said.Tambe said that police constable Deepak Mate received a tip-off that three persons from Kothrud area were preparing to sell leopard skin. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the three suspects and recovered the leopard skin,\" he said.The police suspect that the trio may have brought the skin from Gujarat or Rajasthan. \"We are investigating whether they have any previous criminal record,\" Tambe said.Tambe said that the suspect Donhe works as a mechanic with a water purifier company, while Dhami works as a salesman in a jewellery shop in Pune. Dhadve works as an estate agent. \"A case against them has been registered with the Deccan Gymkhana police station,\" he added.The investigating team comprised police constables Appa Gaikwad, Sandip Patil, Ganesh Koli, Sharad Jadhav and Kashinath Kolekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "13651321", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh meets Suu Kyi, invites her to visit India", "text": "YANGON: PM Manmohan Singh on Tuesday carried out a major course correction in India's foreign policy when he reached out to Nobel laureate and Myanmar's democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi , looked upon by many as the greatest human being alive after Nelson Mandela, at a meeting in Yangon's Sedon Hotel.After an almost hour-long meeting during which the two leaders discussed at length Myanmar's ongoing political transformation, Singh handed over to Suu Kyi a letter from Congress president Sonia Gandhi inviting her to deliver the next Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture.\"I have learnt a great deal about what empowerment is after meeting her,\" Singh said after his interaction with Myanmar's opposition leader, adding that India was looking at Suu Kyi playing a defining role in the country's ongoing national reconciliation.Suu Kyi said she was \"gratified\" by India's invitation and expressed hope that she would be able to take it up \"before too long\".She added, however, that it was more important that there were more exchanges between the people of the two countries. \"As I said to the prime minister, true friendship between the countries can be based only on friendship between our peoples, and this is what I hope we will be able to achieve,\" she said.\"I am very happy at the prospect of closer ties with India because I think we have much to learn from one another and we have much to contribute to peace and stability in this region, because our goals, our democratic goals, work on the basis of peace and stability, and these are what we shall aim towards,\" she added.Suu Kyi's NLD party won an overwhelming number of seats in the recent by-elections after which she took over as the leader of opposition.India's decision to court the military junta regime earlier, mainly to tame insurgent groups in the north-east and engage the resource-rich country economically, had led her to criticize New Delhi for being driven only by economic considerations in its Myanmar policy.When asked if the reconciliation process currently underway in the country was irreversible, she said, \"I have always said that you cannot hope unless there is endeavour. We have hope for as much as we work for and we work very hard, I think.\"Suu Kyi also spoke about the historical ties between the two nations and the struggle for India's independence taking place at the same time as the struggle for \"Burma's independence\". \"My parents were great admirers of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and other Indian leaders, but we were particularly close to Panditji as I was taught to call him from a very young age,\" she said.Singh said after the meeting that India was proud of its long-standing association with Suu Kyi. \"Our sincere belief is that in the process of national reconciliation which has been launched by President Thein Sein, Madam Suu Kyi will play a defining role,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656224", "title": "Telangana Joint Action Committee to support Telangana Rashtra Samithi candidate in Parkal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Brushing aside the appeal of the BJP to remain neutral in Parkal constituency, the Telangana Political JAC (T-JAC) has decided to support Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) candidate Bikshapati in the June 12 byelections.A decision to this effect was taken at the steering committee meeting held on Tuesday after discussions about the survey conducted in Parkal constituency on behalf of the Political JAC. The survey was commissioned by T-JAC after there was a vertical split among T-JAC office-bearers on whether to extend support to the TRS or BJP.T-JAC chairman M Kodandaram said their survey revealed that Telangana advocates in Parkal wanted the T-JAC to support the TRS candidate as he was a formidable force in the constituency to rout YSR Congress candidate Konda Surekha. He, however, clarified that the current round of support to TRS was limited to the Parkal byelections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13652361", "title": "No replications please, innovate on the law lab", "text": "MANGALORE: Law colleges in India in general and the 92 in Karnataka in particular wanting to replicate the SDM Law College's law laboratory will have to wait a little.Acknowledged by the National Law School of India University (NLSIU) as the first law college to have implemented such a concept, SDM by virtue of being the first to do so, holds copyrights of the idea and any replication will have to entail innovations.BK Ravindra, principal of SDM Law College told TOI that principals of other law colleges, who visited the lab and sought photocopies of nearly 150 legal and other documents on display, were politely turned down. \"We have spent more than two years in collecting the documents and spent the past six months in giving it the shape in which it presently is in,\" he said adding law colleges are certainly more than welcome to innovate on the idea.V Nagaraj, registrar, NLSIU, who was part of a Bar Council of India team that visited the law college on May 12, in a letter to Ravindra on May 24 had hailed the idea of the lab.Nagaraj in the letter said the lab would be useful in teaching paralegals and citizens as part of legal literacy programmes. The concept may further be improved from time to time. The lab has all practical aspects of legal profession documented and classified.Acknowledging the support he received from the college management in setting up the law lab, Ravindra, who is also the dean of Karnataka State Law University (KSLU), said it was upto the KSLU to take the lead in convening a meeting of all law college principals and see how best the concept developed by the college could be universalised. \"It is not very easy to lay ones hands on some of the documents in the lab and this lends to its uniqueness,\" he says.Open on all days, including Sundays from 9am to 7pm, anyone interested in understanding finer points of law can visit the lab. Law professors Uday Kumar M and Tharanath, who played an important role in setting up the lab will guide visitors and explain to them the importance of the exhibits. Ravindra has written a letter to the management seeking bigger room and better display facilities for the records that they already have and more that will be added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652265", "title": "Practical taught as theory paper, Nagpur University exam cancelled at last moment", "text": "NAGPUR: Unbelievable it might be but all the law colleges under Nagpur University taught as theory a subject that was meant to be a practical to its LLB (3 yrs) sixth semester students. The blunder was realized just before the paper on 'Drafting Pleading and Conveyancing' was to be conducted on Tuesday. The question paper for it was set and distributed to all the exam centre. Actually, the students were told at the centres that the paper had been cancelled.Students were merely told the paper was cancelled for \"unavoidable\" reasons. They were told that the cancelled paper was actually a practical comprising 70 marks project and viva-voce. Controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane refused to take the calls initially. When finally reached, he refused to comment stating he was in a meeting.NU sources, however, revealed that it was Board of Studies (BoS) of law faculty's mistake as it forgot to add a note in the syllabus stating \"Drafting, Pleading and Coveyancing (Paper-II)\" was a practical subject having internal and external marks. They added the subject was turned into practical one for the sixth semester when the syllabus was initially drafted and passed in 2009 by old BoS. However, both old and new bodies failed to mention it in the syllabus leaving everyone under the impression that it was theory paper.The goof-up was pointed out by an outsider who noticed that the paper was mentioned as theory paper in exam time-table. That jolted the NU administration and an emergent meeting of BoS and law faculty was convened on May 25 (four days before the paper was supposed to be conducted). An amendment was made in the present syllabus by using special powers granted to VC under Section 14(7) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, in the meeting.Law faculty dean Anjali Hastak confirmed the development but refused to admit it as a blunder. \"We were following the issue since the beginning and had apprised the VC and other authorities of this. Amendment to the syllabus is a long process and therefore it took so much time,\" she said. She, however, did not explain that in that case why the emergent meeting was called and VC took decision using special powers. She also could not explain why the paper was scheduled as theory and students only told at the last moment.The dean claimed she had already apprised of this change to all the colleges and they had prepared for it. Surprisingly, she even said that students were ready for both practical and theory and she had consulted all principals regarding this. She was, however, unable to answer as to why the paper was cancelled at that last moment as the change in syllabus was made three years back in 2009. \"Since this was first batch of new course, the students were not affected,\" Hastak said.The subject was taught as theoryEven though law faculty dean may claim principals were apprised of the situation, colleges continued to treat the \"Drafting, Pleading and Conveyancing\" as a theory subject and it was taught as such. Even students prepared for it as a theory paper. \"This is disgusting on part of NU and its BoS. Not only the students but even colleges were kept in the dark. Now they are asking us to conduct as practical what we taught as theory. It will take at least six months to complete the project work under practical and viva-voce,\" a principal told TOI. In fact, NU exam section has even set and published question papers thus wasting precious students' money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651352", "title": "Sahyadri authority to preserve cultural identity of Malnad", "text": "BANGALORE: In a first of its kind, the state government has constituted an authority to protect and preserve the cultural identity of three districts in the Western Ghats. Last week, the government set up the Sahyadri Paramparika Abhivriddhi Pradhikar ( Sahyadri Heritage Development Authority) for Chikmagalur, Shimoga and Uttara Kannada districts of Malnad region.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, its de facto chairman, said: \"The government's intention is to give the utmost importance to protect the environment and rich flora and fauna of the region. It's also to ensure systematic development of these districts and preserve the tradition, culture and art of Malnad as depicted by Kuvempu in his works.'' Kuvempu's works are replete with rich descriptions of life and culture.The district in-charge ministers will be the CM's deputies and the deputy commissioner, zilla panchayat president, heads of forest and police department will be members of the authority. A secretary-level official will be the general secretary.The authority will soon start functioning from Shimoga, the heart of Malnad region, with an initial capital of Rs 20 crore. \"The authority will have the right to put up a development plan for three districts, introduce town planning schemes, monitor construction activity in the area, and devise infrastructure layout,\" a senior official said, adding, \"It'll grant building construction permissions to proposed developers of resorts and amusement parks.\"There is already a joint proposal from the Centre and state government to develop the picturesque hill station of Kemmangundi under the Bababudan forest range in Tarikere taluk of Chikmagalur district as a major tourist centre.The Sahyadri authority will also take up protection of heritage temples and conservation of forest cover in the Western Ghats and devise a new scheme for promotion of waterfalls which are in abundance here.However, some NGOs and environmentalist in the region are not happy with this plan and they claim the authority will become another white elephant. \"There are half-a-dozen committees including the Western Ghats Ecology Authority (WGEA) and Western Ghats Task Force which have failed to meet their objectives,'' said KN Girish, an environmentalist from Uttara Kannada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "13649940", "title": "45 killed in a communal clash in Nigeria", "text": "ABUJA: More than 45 people, including a village head and four policemen, were killed in an internecine clash between two local neighbouring communities in southeastern Nigeria, an official said on Tuesday.More than 2000 people were also displaced and houses and churches destroyed on Monday when the fight broke out between two local communities, Ntan Obu and Ikpanya, which share boundaries with each other despite being in different states of Cross River and Akwa Ibom respectively.Children between the ages of three to five and women were among the victims of the attack and the head of crimes of a police station was also killed.\"The remote cause, I can say, is the struggle by the people from the Ikpanya for the land belongs to the Ntan Obu,\" chairman of a local council Stephen Asuquo was quoted by local Vanguard newspaper as saying.Asuquo also said the community head and four policemen were beheaded by the Fulani herdsmen who aided the Ikpanya villagers.Police spokesman for Cross River state, Hogan Bassey confirmed the incident but could not give the exact figure of casualties.Community sources said Ikpanya villagers attacked Ntan Obu people with the help of Fulani herdsmen who are the most itinerant people in the oil rich African country.Nigeria has a population of 150 million with more than 200 ethnic groups and internecine clashes usually occur.Early January, communal clash between two communities; Ezillo and Ezza in Ebonyi state led to the death of 66.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664654", "title": "Ferrari director never sat in a real Ferrari", "text": "Rajesh Mapuskar, who has directed Ferrari Ki Sawari, never tried his hands at the real Ferrari yet.Rajesh Mapuskar is the man who's directed the Vidhu Vinod Chopra production Ferrari Ki Sawari . And believe it or not, he hasn't sat inside the swanky automobile yet.Not that they didn't have the original car at their disposal. The makers got the real Ferrari for their shoot. Vidhu Vinod Chopra got good friend Sanjay Dutt to lend his red Ferrari for their film. And despite having the car at his command throughout the shooting of the film, the director himself never drove the automobile. Forget driving, Mapuskar didn't even sit inside the Ferrari.Sources say that the humble debutante director felt, since the car belonged to someone else who was gracious enough to lend it to them for shooting; it was their responsibility to return it in the same spotless condition. So Mapuskar intentionally stayed away from the automobile.Interestingly he got a chance to experience the Ferrari fun recently through a simulation machine installed at a Mumbai multiplex for the promotion of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13660004", "title": "I am not apologetic, nor embarrassed: Bhansali", "text": "Sanjay Leela Bhansali can barely sit still, or quiet these days.This Friday, when Rowdy Rathore hits the theatres, he will be tested on a completely unfamiliar turf. The Bhansali of Guzaarish and Black , will make his debut as the co-producer of an unabashedly crowd pleasing potboiler. But he is not defensive. \"I am not apologetic, not embarrassed,\" he says. \"After Saawariya , I retreated into a shell. With Guzaarish I went through a catharsis. Though it was a film about something as morbid as euthanasia, it was eventually a celebration of life and happiness. Once I was done with it, I wanted to do something that would appeal to the man on the streets and in the chawls . That is where I grew up loving everything about cinema.\"Bhansali, who believes the fraternity was ungenerous in its appreciation for Hrithik's performance in Guzaarish , says that while there weren't too many people going into the theatres to watch the film, but those who did, appreciated it. It proved to be a much-needed turning point in his professional life.\"I did not want to be the only person in the theatre watching my own films,\" says Bhansali with surprising candour, adding that he was possessed with the idea of trying out a mass film after watching how an average man in the chawls moved to a Munni Badnaam Hui. \"I want people to mouth the dialogues from this film too, sing the songs. I have grown up watching films in single screens where people would get up and dance in the aisles. With Rowdy Rathore , I want to recreate the same magic,\" he says.That is not to say that he is bidding adieu to the kind of cinema he is best known for. \"With Ram Leela , the audiences will get to see the Bhansali of Devdas,\" he quips. \"It will be a blend of the artistic and the commercial.\" The film starring Kareena Kapoor and Ranveer Singh will go on the floors in August this year. Talking about the unusual pairing, Bhansali says, \"They are both extremely spontaneous actors and are a delight to watch together.\"Meanwhile, there is also Shirin Farhad , Bhansali's production of his sister Bela Sehgal's witty take on an older Parsi couple's firstbrush with romance. \"It is wonderful to be involved with so many different kinds of visuals. There is room for all kinds of cinema,\" says Bhansali. \"Why is it that only certain kinds of filmmakers get invited to panels to talk about only their kind of cinema?\" Point noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652180", "title": "Sickle cell patients: State has no numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: None of the government departments that decide the health policies of the state have information about the number of people affected by sickle cell disease in the state. This, despite directives from various quarters to carry out primary surveys to identify the number of people suffering from the genetic disorder.The shocking revelation came to light when city-based activist and president of Sickle Cell Society of India (SCSI) Sampat Ramteke posed the question to the various government departments including directorate of health services (DHS), directorate of medical education and research (DMER) and the state chapter of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) through an RTI application.All three organizations said they did not have the relevant information, passing it on to some other departments to provide the answer to the queries raised by SCSI. While DHS and NRHM directed the query to State Blood Transmission Council, DMER forwarded it to the 14 state-run medical colleges.\"It has been ten years since the activists including MLA Sudhir Mungantiwar demanded a white paper on the SCD-affected population. The issue was raised in the state assembly in March 2002. Even today, the only answer we get on the issue is that it is under consideration. It is strange that the government was spending up to Rs 53.53 crores on the control of the disease and are not even aware of the number of people who suffer from it,\" said Ramteke.The Lokayukta also directed the state government to make a database of the carriers and sufferers of SCD last year, he added.Another activist working for SCD patients, Pramod Dhanvijay, an MSEB engineer from Bhandara, said, \"What is the planning based on if not the numbers? The absence of these basic figures is what makes the government take decisions like establishing research facilities where patients are not present.\"He wondered whether it was because most of the sufferers of the disease were poor and uneducated and could not fight for their rights that the government is not paying attention to their problems.Secretary of SCSI agreed saying that it was such discrepancies that make one doubt the actions and intentions of the government at times.No action on planLast May, the Lokayukta of the state had directed the state government to implement a ten-point programme to deal with sickle cell disease. A year after the directive, the plan that was to be implemented within three months is yet to be acted upon.The plan included implementing a sickle cell control programme in all 19 districts under National Rural Health Mission, establishing a dedicated sickle cell research institute and a sickle cell control organization in state and carrying out surveys to identify carriers and sufferers of the genetic disorder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chhindwara", "code": "13652110", "title": "Centre holds back Rs 5k cr JNNURM funds", "text": "CHHINDWARA: The central government has withheld Rs 5,000 crore from various local bodies in the country under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). This was following complaints about irregularities in the works. The amount comes to almost 7% of the ambitious JNNURM project launched in 2005.Although JNNURM projects in the city have also faced controversy, funds for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are not affected. The withheld funds will be released only after inquiries are completed, which is expected to take around three months, Union Urban Development Minister Kamal Nath told reporters at Chhindwara where Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has started a training centre for workers in construction and manufacturing industry.\"The complaints ranged from sub-standard work to even under-estimation of project cost. Due to under-estimation, several works are lying incomplete as the funds allotted have been exhausted. In Nagpur, there have been allegations of lack of proper management of bus services,\" said the minister. However, he clarified that no such action has been taken against NMC.The complaints have come from states like Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh, said Nath as he hastened to add that it was not that non-Congress ruled local bodies alone were being targeted. The ministry is now planning the second phase of JNNURM estimated with an allocation of Rs 1.60 lakh crore. The planning commission has been approached for it. The first phase involving Rs 70,000 crore expenditure has been a learning experience for the government and mistakes would not be repeated, Nath said.Under JNNURM, launched in 2005, 50% funds required for creating capital intensive urban infrastructure were provided by central government and 30% and 20% by state government and the respective local body. However, projects also raised controversies. In Nagpur, Congress, which is the opposition party in NMC, has been regularly targeting the ruling BJP over JNNURM projects.About the much-touted metro rail, Nath said project reports would be prepared for every city with a population over 20 lakh. Nagpur may be one of the initial cities to get the facility. After the report is submitted, it was up to state government and the local body to take further steps like setting up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664789", "title": "Actor Vijay is a playback singer too", "text": "Tamil superstar Vijay is known for his superb acting skills but very few know that he is also a playback singer. Vijay has sung songs not only for his films but also for few other films. Most of his songs are big hits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13666231", "title": "Gippy, Amrinder can make it big in Bollywood: Nachhatar Gill", "text": "Popular Punjabi singer and actor Nachhatar Gill says that Punjabi artistes like Gippy Grewal and Amrinder Gill can make a go of in Bollywood.\"I feel Gippy Grewal and Amrinder Singh can successfully mark their presence in Bollywood. They are doing well in Punjabi movies,\" says Gill.Gill acknowledges Punjabi singers turned actors for success of Punjabi films, saying it is good that hugely popular Punjabi singers are turning up to Punjabi cinema.\"They are already famous and popular in Punjab. People listen to their songs and they go to watch their favourite singers in a new avatar and unlike yesteryears, Punjabi films are well promoted now,\" says Gill who is elated over the success of Punjabi films.One of the popular singers in Punjabi music scene, Nachhatar has stepped into actors shoes with upcoming Punjabi film Kabaddi Once Again . Nachhatar, however, says that he reluctantly nodded to act.\"I was not willing to act but director Sukhminder Dhanjal , who is also my good friend, convinced and brought me in. I am playing hero's uncle and ex-kabaddi player, falsely accused of following unfair sports practices,\" tells Gill who also has a real life connection with the sport. Gill played kabaddi in his college days and participated in many kabaddi events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13654457", "title": "Times of India's IPL XI", "text": "CHRIS GAYLE The most destructive batsman of the season and the most prolific too. No target seemed unattainable when he was at the crease.VIRENDER SEHWAG Every bowler's nightmare, Sehwag proved his worth as an effective Twenty20 batsman with some explosive batting. His five consecutive fifties ensured that he too put to rest talk about his consistency in the shortest format of the game.GAUTAM GAMBHIR (CAPTAIN) The Delhi batsman undoubtedly played the most crucial role in KKR's title win. He not only led from the front, scoring tons of runs at the top of the order, his captaincy skills outshone those of some more famous names.AJINKYA RAHANE The Mumbai player made the world take notice of his batting talent with a fine show for the better part of the tournament. The classy player from Mumbai proved that you don't always need to slog to score runs in T20s.SHIKHAR DHAWAN Some of his knocks might have gone unnoticed since he ended up finishing on the losing side most of the time. The attacking left-handed Delhi player was the most consistent batsman for his side, often putting up a lone fight.SURESH RAINA Raina might not have set the stage on fire, which he usually does in T20s, in this IPL, but did enough to earn a berth in this XI - with his electrifying fielding and occasional off-breaks helping his cause.AB DE VILLIERS The South African was probably one of the best finishers in this edition. His innovative yet attacking style of play coupled with his wicketkeeping abilities earned him the seventh position in the lineup.PIYUSH CHAWLA The lone Indian spinner who shone in the IPL. Sixteen wickets from as many matches with a modest economy rate were decent enough to earn him a berth. His ability to occasionally use the long-handle effectively was a plus.L BALAJI His bowling figures read more like those from Onedayers than T20s. He was the most effective Indian bowler in the IPL, and the most economical of all. Balaji did not play all the matches, but whenever he got a chance he delivered. He not only took wickets, 11 from 8 matches, he gave away runs at a miserly rate - 5.3 runs per over.MALINGA/MORKEL/STEYN The most difficult task was to pick one from the three. If Malinga was nasty, Morkel was lethal and Steyn was both deadly as well as economical. All of them intimidated the batsmen with their pace and swing, picking wickets almost at will.SUNIL NARINE He was another big factor in KKR's title win. Sunil Narine's spin was too good for most of the batsmen who clearly struggled to understand the bowler from the Caribbean. The second-highest wicket taker was also the second-most economical in the tournament. He's undoubtedly the find of IPL 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13649392", "title": "A dracula lamp that runs on human blood", "text": "LONDON: An American designer has come up with an eerie lamp which is powered by human blood. The bulb exudes a strange blue glow and has been designed by a US designer Mike Thompson.To set the bulb aglow one is supposed to break the top off, use the jagged glass to cut yourself and pour your blood in where it reacts with the chemicals inside, the Daily Mail reported.According to the designer as the bulb is meant for just one time use, its basically an attempt to 'make us think twice' about our disposable society. Thompson claimed that the average American uses 3383kwh of energy per year, which is the same as leaving the light on in four rooms for 12 months.Thompson claimed that the bulb is an attempt to make people ask 'What if power came at a cost to the individual.' He insisted that just as losing too much blood can put your life in danger, using too much energy can put the environment at risk.In a disturbing video which Thompson has created, shows a woman in a dark room pushing her finger into the sharp edge and blood pouring into the lamp and the bulb starts to glow bright blue. The bulb is powered by chemicals in the tablet, which release energy when mixed with blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13650726", "title": "4-laning work to shrink herbal garden to half", "text": "PANCHKULA: The sole herbal garden of Tricity in Sector 26, Panchkula, will soon shrink, as 200 of its trees will face the axe for a road widening project. Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) plans to four lane a stretch across Ghaggar river from Sector 23 roundabout till the dividing road of sectors 27 and 28, Panchkula.The garden, which often sees schools bringing students for academic trips, will be reduced to less than half.The decision has raised many questions, with its regular visitors wondering why was the garden developed and public money wasted when the road widening project was long overdue. \"We often visit the garden in mornings and evenings for a refreshing walk. Cutting of trees will make it narrow,\" said Nand Lal Dua, a resident of Sector 26, Panchkula.Hargun Khindriya of Sector 27, here, said, \"I am not against four laning of the road, but not at the cost of 200 herbal trees. The plants took a number of years to develop and now, in no time they will be cut.\"However, executive engineer of HUDA, engineering wing N K Verma said, \"Many vehicles ply on the road and in the past two years, it has been witnessing a heavy traffic congestion. To deal with it, four laning of the stretch was proposed. More trees will be planted in the garden to compensate for this loss.\"HUDA has spent lakhs of rupees for the development and maintenance of the garden, which was inaugurated in 2007 by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda . Preliminary work for the construction of road from Sector 23 roundabout till the garden has been completed.Its Treasure The garden has herbal trees with medicinal values like neem, amla, bahera, rudraksha, haar shingaar and sweet amla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668332", "title": "Britney Spears wanted bigger pay cheque than J.Lo", "text": "Britney Spears had reportedly asked for a larger pay for the judging role on the 'X Factor', as she wanted to make more money than Jennifer Lopez did in her first season of 'American Idol.'According to sources, Spears had initially asked for a lot more and her bottom line was no less than 13 million dollars.Spears eventually settled for a 15-million-dollar paycheque, despite asking for 20 million dollars initially, TMZ reported.Lopez had raked in 12 million dollars for her first season on 'American Idol.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651772", "title": "BJP bosses in city for BS Yeddyurappa's family wedding", "text": "BANGALORE: Top bosses of the BJP from New Delhi will be in Bangalore on Wednesday, and this time, their mission is not firefighting. They are here to attend the wedding of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's grand daughter.BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari , Rajnath Singh , Arun Jaitley and Gujarat CM Narendra Modi are among those who will be landing in the city for the wedding. Yeddyurappa's grand daughter BU Apoorva, daughter of SY Aruna Devi, is marrying her classmate B Chandrakanth. They completed their engineering course together. The wedding reception is at Bangalore Palace.Bail plea adjournedA CBI court on Tuesday adjourned to June 1, hearing on the anticipatory bail petitions of Yeddyurappa and his kin, who apprehended arrest in an illegal mining case. CBI judge D R Venkat Sudarshan adjourned the pleas of Yeddyurappa, his sons BY Raghavendra and BY Vijendra, and son-in-law R N Sohan Kumar after their counsel Siddarth Navadagi filed objections to CBI's application, seeking their personal appearance.At this, the Special Public Prosecutor submitted that he would not press for the personal appearance of the petitioners and sought time till June 1 for final arguments on their plea. On May 25, the CBI had strongly opposed the anticipatory bail petitions of Yeddyurappa and his family, on the ground that their custodial interrogation might be necessary.The CBI had registered a case against Yeddyurappa and others in compliance with a Supreme Court directive and raided their residences and other premises in Bangalore and Shimoga on May 16. Meanwhile, the Lokayukta court posted for June 5 a fresh private complaint against Yeddyurappa, housing minister V Somanna and his family members, alleging irregularities in the denotification of land.Lokayukta judge N K Sudhindra Rao will pronounce orders on whether to order a probe based on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13655942", "title": "Four held for bid to blow up Lagadapati's resort", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four persons who tried to 'blast' Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal's resort in Masjid Banda on May 26 using gelatin sticks were arrested by the RC Puram police on Tuesday. They also confessed that they had placed explosives under a rail underpass in Tellapur recently.Police arrested Shiva Kumar, a real estate agent, Raju, a stone cutter, Srikanth and Anand, masons from Papi Reddy Colony in Chandanagar. Shiva Kumar claimed that he was Congress party's BC Cell member. During vehicle checking in Beeramguda on Monday night, the RC Puram police nabbed Shiva Kumar, Raju and Anand while they were travelling on a bike. Police found a detonator in their bag and took them into custody. Based on the information provided by the trio, Srikant was arrested from a nearby hotel.During interrogation, they said that they were staunch Telangana supporters. \"They confessed that they had placed five gelatin sticks under the railway bridge in Tellapur on May 16 and tried to detonate it. Their intention was to draw the Union government's attention to the passion among local population for separate Telangana state,\" RC Puram DSP, M Madhusudhan Reddy told TOI. However, their plan failed as the IED did not explode. Subsequently, in the wee hours of May 26, they placed four gelatin sticks and connected them to detonators to cause a blast at Placida Resort owned by Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal. \"They managed to create a minor explosion due to which the door frame and glass facade of the resort was damaged,\" Madhapur inspector Srinath Reddy said.The resort was not used since 2009 and only the watchman Sudershan and his family stay there. Sudershan informed the MP's wife about the incident. She visited the spot and lodged a complaint with the Madhapur police. Cases was booked under sections 427 (Mischief), 448 (Trespass) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Explosive Substances Act. At the resort, the miscreants left some pamphlets praising Telangana martyrs and condemning the attitude of the Centre.They also sent CDs to some TV channels claiming responsibility for the Tellapur railway track sabotage bid. The miscreants, who were seen wearing masks in the video, stated that they had committed the crime to attract the central government's attention. The trio was arrested when they were on their way to BHEL RTC bus depot with an intention to damage buses, the RC Puram police said. \"They had also planned to cause explosions at various central government establishments on the outskirts of the city,\" the DSP said.Police said Raju had purchased the gelatin sticks from a stone cutter in Miyapur. The explosives were manufactured in a factory in Nalgonda and then supplied to Srinivas Enterprices in Kottur, from where it passed several hands to reach the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668653", "title": "Mamta is all praise for Shyamaprasad", "text": "Mamta Mohandas' performance in Arike has been raking in good reviews from Mollywood audience and the actress credits director Shyamaprasad for it. \"He completely surprised me when he came over for Arike telling me that it required a very flawless way of expressing each and every scene because of the sync sound and he would like me to star,\"she says, adding he was a director she had always wanted to work with and so jumped at the chance.\"He's a director whom I respect a lot and like as a person. Everything about him fascinates me. He's the sort of director whose work you want to collect,\" says Mamta . The actress says the experience of working with him was even better than what she expected.\"It was the closest I have come to experience what theatre would be. He was careful to guide me with every nuance of the character and ultimately it all paid off,\" beams the actress. \"My greatest compliment was when he told me before Arike's release that he wishes that people felt what he felt about my acting in the film.\"With her in high spirits after the wedding, the actress has decided to go super choosy by only signing two projects this year - My Boss with Dileep and Jawan of Vellimala with Mammootty .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649811", "title": "Central Railway removes unauthorized structures", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has geared up its pre-monsoon preparations to ensure disruption-free services this year. Apart from removing silt, the CR has also removed encroachments and lifted tracks to prevent halting of trains due to waterlogging.V A Malegaonkar chief public relations officer, CR, said, \"Around 450 unauthorized structures were removed from the railway area, which could come in the way of the drainage system, leading to waterlogging.\"CR has to ensure that all pre-monsoon work is finished before June 7. Malegaonkar said, \"One round of culvert cleaning has been finished and second round is in progress.\"Pumps have been deployed at low-lying areas like Parel, Sandhurst Road to prevent waterlogging, personnel will be deployed round the clock.Meanwhile, 80% of stall owners on CR agreed to comply with the ban imposed on selling food items in plastic material, an official said. However, a contractor said, \"The decision will bring down the sale by 50%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649503", "title": "Passion for shooting helps Varsha become topper in exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Live with passion to scale heights in life. This is what Bhopal's Varsha Verman has proved by scaling both in sports and academics: Bhopal's topper in CBSE Class XII examination and the silver medalist in the Asian Shooting Championship.Varsha's passion for shooting was such that she appeared for the last World Cup trials during her Class XII exams. \"I have set the targets in my life whether it is shooting or academics,\" Varsha said. She participated in the world shooting championship held in Tucson, USA.She clinched silver medal in the junior level trap event at the Asian Shooting Championship organised in Doha last year. Appeared in three World Cup events, Varsha said her passion for shooting was the reason behind her success. \"Appearing for the trials amid the exam was really a challenge for me. But, I did not want to miss it at any cost,\" the national shooter said.An ardent fan of Olympic medalists Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore and Abhinav Bindra , Varsha wants to don the Indian tricolour in the 2016 Rio Olympics in Brazil. \"I have set my target for the next Olympics,\" said the trap shooter.When asked about the level of competitions she has to surpass for the Olympics qualifier, Varsha said, \"I have proved myself by achieving medal in international shooting and also in CBSE XII. I do not think there is anything tough if you have a proper planning and set your target.\"Varsha however, felt that practicing in India won't make her Olympic dream a reality. \"I have to go out for training to secure a berth for the next Olympics. Training abroad is a must to reach the top level in shooting at the international level,\" she said adding that likes of Bindra and Rathore have been trained abroad before they touched the podium in Olympics.ramendra.singh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13651855", "title": "Sarabjit sends fresh mercy plea to Zardari", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sarabjit Singh , Indian on death row in Pakistan, submitted a fresh clemency appeal to Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari .This is Sarabjit's fifth mercy petition. Sarabjit, lodged in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail, was sentenced to death after he was convicted under Pakistan Army Act in 1991 for alleged involvement in bomb blasts in Lahore and Multan that killed 14 people.\"An atmosphere for Sarabjit's release was building up and that was why the fresh petition was filed,\" said Sarabjit's counsel Awaish Sheikh. Hopes of Sarabjit's early reunion with his family in India were rekindled after the release of Pakistani national Khalil Chishty by India.Sheikh said Sarabjit is healthy and has asked the lawyer to convey news of his well-being to his family in India, adding that he would also take up the case of another Indian on death row in Pakistan, Kirpal Singh, also lodged in Kot Lakhpat jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13652516", "title": "Maratha community seeks reservation", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka Kshatriya Maratha Reservation Campaign, Karnataka (KKMRCK), has urged for reservation for the Marathas as the community is economically backward.Vijendra Jadav P, state convener of KKMRCK said at present the Maratha community is considered under 3B. The government should consider Marathas under category 2A, he said. Majority of the community people do not have agriculture land or government jobs.Many residing in Uttara Kannada district go to bordering Goa and Maharashtra in search of construction related works, he said. Despite several committees having submitted reports to the government on the poor economic and social condition of the community, the government has not taken any measures, he rued and said they will submit a memorandum to the Backward Classes Commission to this effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653598", "title": "It\u2019s hot, but schools to open on June 1", "text": "CHENNAI: City schools are set to reopen for the new academic year on June 1, according to a state government directive and parents are worried. With the day temperatures often climbing above 40 degrees Celsius, they are worried the children may fall ill.On Tuesday, the Regional Meterorological Centre in Nungambakkam said the maximum temperature in the city was 41.8 degrees C and up to 42.3 degrees C in the suburbs. On Wednesday, too, the temperature is expected to be around 42 degrees C.\"I feel if we are allowed to reopen a couple of days later it won't make too big a difference. We can easily make the required number of working days,\" said Shree Niketan Matriculation Higher Secondary School correspondent P Vishnucharan.Parents are worried that children could get exhausted easily and develop cramps or even heat stroke. \"It is only at home that they kick up a fuss to go outside. In school and among friends they enjoy playing in the sun. If they spend too much time outside they could contract anything from chicken pox to heat boils. Even prickly heat is not fun to have,\" said Meera Jayakumar, a parent.Vijay Sudhakaran, parent of Sahana (5), said he was worried about her coming home after 12.30pm when kindergarten classes close. \"She went for swimming lessons and played outside in summer, but that was before 8am or after 5.30 pm. We hope the school changes the re-opening dates.\"Sundaram Medical Foundation Dr Swathi Padankatti consultant paediatrician says children are likely to feel a lot of discomfort if they start school so early in June. \"We advise parents to keep children indoors when the temperature is high. Many children don't drink enough fluids when in school. Teachers have to keep reminding them to drink enough water during recess because dehydration is a major concern.\"Some schools like Kaligi Ranganathan Montford Matriculation Higher Secondary School have postponed the reopening dates for the KG section. \"Parents of our primary students requested us to have a later reopening date and we felt we could make an allowance,\" said R J Bhuvanesh, CEO, Kaligi Group of Schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649837", "title": "Mumbai man first to represent India in World Puppetry Fest", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite what the name and address suggest, Chun Chun from Saki Naka is not a fledgling item girl. With a drooping two-piece moustache, pious eyebrows and a modest colourful flowing robe, Chun Chun is, in fact, a small Chinese man who managed to fly from Chembur to China last week without a vertebra. After all, he was accompanied by a well-known Maharashtrian, who would soon supplement his endearing oriental features with a voice, a spine and thus, personality.\"He will speak English, Hindi and a bit of Chinese,\" said 67-year-old ventriloquist Ramdas Padhye, clad in a dragon-imprinted T-shirt before he went on to the World Puppetry Festival in Chengdu. Organized by UNIMA (Union Internationale de la Marionnette - International Puppetry Association), a non-government organization affiliated to Unesco, this week-long festival that started on May 27 is seeing a total of 74 puppet theatres representing their respective countries. At this event, which is held once every four years , Padhye has decided to bust various stereotypes about India through his puppet show.The ventriloquist's exhaustion with questions such as \"Do you have a lot of cobras in India?\" led him to design a unique show-with wife Aparna and son Satyajit-for the event which will highlight India's diversity and play its exotic serpents down. Also, \"all foreigners tend to know about India is Rajasthan's shadow puppetry,\" rued Padhye.Padhye's show will open with his prized wooden puppet of Lord Ganesha, a rare century-old doll designed by Vishnudas Bhave which he procured in a broken condition in the '90s. Instead of strings, this puppet is supported by a pulley which has to be dragged across the stage on a specially-designed track-a technique the ventriloquist took years to discover and later master. Padhye's act is among the first and only ventriloquism acts at the festival. In this performance, his limelight-hungry puppet decides to abandon its master. It is a disguised lesson in ventriloquism.\"You see, neither the puppet nor the ventriloquist can be independent entities on stage. You cannot separate the two,\" he said, his eyes lighting up.While interacting with puppeteers abroad, Padhye and his son make it a point to regularly exchange tips and gains insights such as the application of prosthetics in puppetry or how to mount a latex puppet head on a stand, for instance. One of the results of such exchanges perhaps, is Muammar Gaddafi, whose face stares menacingly from atop a mike stand in a corner of the studio. In this posthumous form, the Libyan leader will travel back to the country that he ruled for years. He is part of a curious puppet consignment ordered by a Libyan TV network. \"I don't want to visit the country as it is risky. My puppets can represent me,\" laughs the puppeteer, who has in the past worked on such assignments for African and Singaporean TV channels, too.This kind of outsourcing, he points out, is proof of the fact that puppet-making in India is on a par with international standards. \"Since we puppet-makers are also performers, we are at an advantage,\" said the veteran.While technology may be slowly rendering his art form obsolete, Padhye is optimistic that modern media can be used to save it from oblivion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651350", "title": "Seat assured on 70% aggregate", "text": "KOLKATA: A student securing 70% marks in aggregate and 75% in science subjects will not find it difficult bagging a seat in his/her own school and opt for the science stream. These scores are, however, no guarantee for students to get seats in schools other than their own.The state government has issued a notification much on the lines of the one last year that all schools will have to admit their own students who have secured these marks.The criteria may vary for students seeking a seat in schools other than their own. For external students, individual schools are at liberty to set different criteria.\"The incident at Jadavpur Vidyapeeth in 2011 had forced us to issue a circular. This year, too, we apprehensive that schools may refuse seats to their own candidates. There is no ambiguity anymore,\" said Bratya Basu. The schools will have to grant admission to their students. A school can offer seats to outside students only if they are available after admitting its own students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652858", "title": "MMC workers gear up to tackle monsoon maladies", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the upcoming monsoon season, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has instructed workers to complete all pre-monsoon work in a week. MMC chairperson Arthur D'silva stated that work on the drains and gutters to allow the free flow of water is almost complete and that instructions were given to the engineers to see that all leakages and repairs in the market building are completed as soon as possible.D'Silva along with MMC vice-chairperson Pratima Coutinho and the market committee in-charge had carried out a inspection of the market premises a few weeks ago and taken cognizance of the grievances faced by the vendors every monsoon. Coutinho had decided to take up the absence of a clear passage for pedestrians to walk on and made it clear that all encroachments, plastic materials, boxes, among other things kept on the road outside the shops would be confiscated in the future.Vinod Shirodkar, president of the Margao New Market Traders' Association, had apprised D'Silva of the various problems at the market building and complained that the recent repair work of the building was not up to mark.\"The problem with the building is that with constant activity all around, the contractor faces difficulties in transporting equipment and carrying out repair work, said D'silva,stating that the vendors should cooperate with the contractor to get the work done. \" But the work should be completed in three-four days,\" added D'silva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651222", "title": "AIMA elections: Record 70 per cent voter turnout", "text": "NASHIK: The elections to the 24-member executive committee of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) was held on Tuesday.A record 70% per cent voters cast their votes in the election.The fate of all the 47 candidates, who are contesting the biennial elections for 24-member Executive Committee of AIMA, was sealed in ballot boxes on Tuesday as around 958 of total 1,380Voting took place between 8am to 5pm. The counting of votes will begin at 8am on Wednesday and all the results are expected by 3 pm, returning officer B P Sonar told TOI.The term of the outgoing executive committee ends on May 31. Accordingly, the elections for the 24-member executive committee, which includes the posts of president, vice-president, honorary general secretary, two honorary joint secretaries, a honorary treasurer and 18 members.The sitting general secretary Suresh Mali and the sitting vice-president Tushar Chavan are face to face for presidential elections. Kailas Varade and Vivek Patil in the fray for the post of vice-president, while KailashAher and Raju Ahire will be contesting each other for the vis-a-vis for the post of general secretary.Balasaheb Gunjal, Dilip Pingle, Nikhil Panchal and Varun Talwar are in the fray for two posts of secretary. Sanjay Mahajan and Unmesh Kulkarni will be in a faceoff for the post of treasurer. A total of 35 candidates are in the fray for 18 executive committee posts. posts for members of the executive committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652148", "title": "Benaka family can't believe she is dead", "text": "BANGALORE: The eldest sister of S Divya, who was brutally hacked to death by a youth in BTM Layout here on Monday evening, is yet to know of her murder.S Leela is pregnant and expected to deliver in Katpadi, Udupi district. It was Divya who had dropped Leela at their mother's place only two months back. Divya's body arrived in Katpadi on Tuesday evening. S Shanta, Divya's mother, collapsed on seeing the body. But the family ensured that the news did not reach Leela, fearing for her health. Divya was cremated later in the night.Divya was the youngest of four daughters of P Shyam. After his two elder daughters' marriage, Shyam was staying in NS Palya near BTM Layout with his two younger daughters. The girl's mother went back to Katpadi a few months ago.Police suspect that Divya was killed by her boyfriend, Ranjit, from whom she had split a few months ago. Kiran, a cousin of Divya, told the media that Divya and Ranjit were classmates at VET College in JP Nagar where they studied BCom.\"We don't have any idea about the alleged affair between my sister and Ranjit. Please leave us alone,\" he said. Divya, who worked as a logistics co-ordinator at AstroMueller Pvt Ltd, a shoe company, was returning home from work when she was attacked. She had alighted from a BMTC bus and was walking towards her house when a bike blocked her path. The pillion rider got down from the bike and hit her on her neck with a machete. The duo sped away from the spot, while Divya succumbed to her injuries later in the night.Divya's family is known as the Benaka family as her father ran Benaka Refreshments which was a landmark of sorts on Bannerghatta Road in 1980s and later.\"Those days he made good money from hotel business. His four daughters studied at an Udupi school,\" a family member said. Shyam shifted his family to the city in late 2000. Owing to his deteriorating health condition, Shyam sold the hotel and began running a part-time catering business in Bangalore.She called her dad one hour earlierShyam told police that Divya had called him around 5.30pm, an hour before she was attacked. ''I work in an ice cream parlor at Gandhi Bazaar. Divya called me in the evening asking me what vegetables she should take home. She did the same on Monday too. Similarly, I used to take ice creams to my daughters once in a while,\" he said. \"Like any father, Shyam dreamt of giving a secure life to his daughters,\" family sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651354", "title": "Mamata urges IAS officers to perform better", "text": "KOLKATA: It was Korbo, Lorbo, Jeetbo all the way. If the slogan reverberated a thousand times throughout the city on Tuesday, the spirit of the three words were also resonating at a meeting between the chief minister Mamata Banerjee and IAS officers of the state. Even if the CM did not mention these words, the spirit was there for sure as for she has asked the IAS officers to perform better and in a coordinated way in the days to come.The CM had invited all IAS officers of the state for dinner at Town Hall on Tuesday evening and she categorically told them categorically and firmly that central government funds should not go back unspent. Amidst the thanksgiving message - which was the main thrust of the meeting - the CM also was clear about the fact that she meant business. \"It is different if central funds don't come to the state, but if it comes, not a penny should go back under any circumstancesone thing for Central funds not coming to the state, but what does come should not go back under any circumstances,\" Mamata was quoted as saying to the nearly 250 IAS officers who were present at the occasion. in the state were at the dinner.Not happy with their performance, Mamata also asked the fisheries and animal resources development department to pull up their socks. mentioned that two departments -- fisheries and animal resources development -- were lagging behind others in their performances, and they needed to pull up their socks.But after mentioning this once, the CM said she had already addressed this before and did not want to continue talking on the issue any further at this forum.She said that work had to be done and while thanking the officers for the past one year's work, she asked them to do even better in the year ahead. She said the officers could expect transparency, honesty and sincerity from the government and that she wanted them to do their work in the same spirit as well. \"She appreciated the hard work and effort that officers have put in and the trouble they have taken, and she thanked everyone for it,\" an official said.The guests were treated to a fabulous spread comprising everything from daal and chicken to fish and sweets. There are 330 sanctioned posts of IAS officers in the state, out of which 280 are in place. Tuesday's meeting was attended by almost all IAS officers - other than those in Central government deputation or away from the state, attended. Even the district magistrates and ADMs attended the meet.This was a sort of an 'anniversary dinner' to mark the Mamata Banerjee-government's first year in office. The CM is going to meet IPS officers of the state at the same venue on Wednesday.Those who have attended dinners hosted by the CM are well aware of how warmly she treats her guests and Tuesday was no exception. She personally interacted with the IAS officers and it was especially a good opportunity for the junior officers to talk to the CM at a personal level, said a senior official.Before leaving the venue, the CM told reporters that 'it was a routine meeting'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13652183", "title": "'Inadvertent' decision bears fruit for Jamshedpur topper", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For this 18-year-old boy, his \"inadvertent\" decision to opt for commerce in Plus II ensured him the city topper's slot with 92% marks in the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)-conducted examination results of which were announced on Monday.Amit Kumar Singhal, the son of Adityapur-based share trader Ashok Singhal, completed his Class X from DAV Public School Bistupur and joined Birla School Pilani, a CBSE-affiliated residential school, for pursuing science in the intermediate level but owing to his arthritis problem he had to get back to the city.Then it was a big jolt for Amit for not only his health was causing much trouble to him but a seat in the science stream, too, was not available to him.\"Since I applied for science and virtually there was no seat available in science after the admission process got over, so I had to opt for commerce with a heavy heart,\" said Amit, a student of St Mary's English School.Amit said he had to cope with the health ailments and an uninspiring subject like commerce in the early weeks of Plus II session but quickly added that his decision to study commerce finally bore fruit.\"At that point, my feeling was that my decision to opt for commerce is incorrect but now I realize it was a correct decision,\" said Amit. He, however, owed his success to the two teachers who were instrumental in building a commerce student par excellence in Amit.\"Rakhi teacher (commerce teacher in DAV) and Somona teacher (accounts teacher in St. Mary's) have been very supportive to me and helped me grow as a good commerce student,\" said Amit. \"I have not yet decided about the particular college or university for doing the Bachelor's degree (in commerce) but I will move outstation for my graduation,\" said Amit who wishes to crack common aptitude test (CAT) and pursue masters in business management from Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.Expressing delight on his student's good performance, principal Fr. David Vincent said, \"He needs to maintain the same degree of commitment in the graduation level and thereafter.After all, the competitive world begins once you are out of the school and college,\" the principal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650271", "title": "Protest against fine in Acropolis institute", "text": "INDORE: About 250 students of Acropolis Institute of Technology and Research, a private engineering college , on Tuesday protested against the management accusing it of charging hefty fine in the name of attendance shortage.The protests took a violent turn when faculty members allegedly abused the students. The students in the morning gathered on college campus and raised slogans against the college management for the penalty imposed on them in the name of shortage in attendance. They alleged that college was asking to pay fine or else their examination forms would not be send to the varsity for further processing. However, following the protest, the college management reportedly forwarded the exam forms to the varsity. One of the students on condition of anonymity said that it was the second day protest.On Monday, protest lasted for nearly eight hours while on Tuesday when students began the protest, some college staffers allegedly abused the students which led to a minor scuffle creating tension.tnn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654173", "title": "'Ethical conduct critical for national defence'", "text": "PUNE: Vice-chancellor of Himachal Pradesh University A D N Bajpai has said that there is a pressing necessity for all those involved in issues related to national defence - from-policy makers to armaments manufacturers to the members of the armed forces - to conduct themselves ethically.\"The ethical dimensions of decision-making and taking action in the military arena have lately become the subject of intense public interest as well as scrutiny. It is vitally important that the best possible instruction should be made available in this regard to all concerned,\" he said.Bajpai, who is also the secretary-general of the Association of Indian Universities, was addressing the convocation ceremony of the 122nd course at the National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla near here on Tuesday. Commandant of NDA Lt Gen Jatinder Singh presided over the ceremony and administered the oath of graduation to the cadets.\"In the present times when the world has awakened to the importance of spiritual growth, ethics assume great importance both on and off the battlefield,\" said Bajpai. \"As one grows spiritually, one's ethical footing is reinforced - leading to a reshaping of one's character.In all institutions - military or non-military, a lot of emphasis falls on professional knowledge and training. All training is ultimately aimed at imparting skills to a person, to make him well-equipped for whatever branch of service he chooses. All professional expertise and skills, however, carry no meaning if ethics are ignored,\" he said.Bajpai emphasised the significance of building a strong character. \"To be triumphant in the battlefield, one has to first conquer oneself - become a man of character. It is a challenge that young people are faced with but, it is also a rewarding venture that allows one to become the master of one's destiny,\" he said.Earlier, 344 cadets were awarded graduation degrees from the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru University. This included one cadet from Afghanistan . In all, 116 cadets were awarded B.A. degrees, 119 B.Sc computer science and 109 B.Sc degrees.Four trophies and three medals were awarded to the cadets, who have excelled in the three streams of the graduation programme. Cadet Gajjala Dayakar Reddy bagged the admiral's trophy for standing first in the overall order of merit.The commandant's silver medal and the chief of the army staff trophy for the cadet standing first in science stream was awarded to Sahil Kerni. The commandant's silver medal and chief of the air staff trophy for the cadet standing first in social science stream was given to Amodh Serrao.The commandant's silver medal and chief of naval staff trophy for the cadet standing first in the computer science stream was awarded to Gajjala Dayakar Reddy. Deputy Commandant and Chief Instructor of NDA Rear Admiral Anand Iyer delivered the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13655150", "title": "Monsoon may be delayed in state", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what could be a dampener for the people of the state, the onset of the southwest monsoon could be delayed by 2-3 days from its earlier date of June 6. Though the monsoon was \"very active\" in the initial days, its movement towards the coast has stagnated in the last four days because of which the monsoon may hit the state only around June 8-9.As per the predictions by Met officials, the south west monsoon was to hit the Kerala coast on June 1 and reach the southern parts of Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh around June 6-7. So far, the monsoon has covered the Andaman Sea and south east of Bay of Bengal. It would advance further into some parts of south east Bay and central parts of the Bay in next few days.But the Meteorological department experts explained that the monsoon predictions were based on the numerical weather predictions (NWPs) by taking the data from last 30 years. \"The prediction cannot restrict a particular date as to when the monsoon would hit the coast. It would be a plus or minus of four days from the prediction date,\" Met expert V Prasada Rao said. Meanwhile, the Met officials warned that the state would witness intense heat waves coupled with hot winds in next 48 hours from the westerly and north westerly directions. They also warned that the temperatures would soar further and hence make people's life miserable for the next 2-3 days.Adilabad sizzled at 47 degree Celsius on Tuesday while Nandigama, Bhadrachalam and Ramagundam recorded a high of 46 degree Celsius. Mercury soared to 45 degrees at Machilipatnam, Nalgonda, Khammam and Nizamabad, while Bapatla, Vijayawada, Hanamkonda and Medak recorded 44 degree Celsius. Oppressive heat prevailed at Kavali, Tirupati, Hyderabad, Ongole and Narsapuram with 43 degrees and Kurnool recorded 42 degrees. Nellore and Hakimpet recorded 41 degree Celsius, while Visakhapatnam and Kadapa too were sizzling at 40 degree Celsius.As per the predictions by Met department, the south west monsoon may hit Andhra Pradesh around June 8-9", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13652479", "title": "Suvarna Soudha looks at monsoon session deadline", "text": "BELGAUM: Finally, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's decision to hold legislature session in Belgaum in June last week seems to have expedited the much-delayed construction of Suvarna Vidhan Soudha.PWD superintendent engineer Vinayak Sugur claimed that the work is going on in a war footing and 95 per cent work has been completed so far.Pune-based B G Shirke Construction Technology Private Limited is constructing the building on the lines of Vikas Soudha in Bangalore at a cost of Rs 352.64 crore.\"The contractor has been asked to finish the work within the prescribed period,\" Vinayak Sugur said.The work began in the 127-acre plot at Halga-Bastwad beside the Pune-Bangalore national highway in August 2009 with an aim to complete in eight months. Umpteen promises made by ministers notwithstanding, even after two-and-a-half years, the work is still going on.Money mattersAccording to official sources, out of Rs 9.62 crore , only Rs 1.44 crore has been spent for the construction of internal roads, compound wall, drainage and parking lot.Besides, Rs13.85 crore of the Rs 20.73 crore has been spent on furniture work at the assembly hall, council hall and in the rooms of the ministers.Out of Rs 60.16 crore, only Rs 32.96 crore has been spent on electrical works while Rs 1.30 crore of the Rs 5.26 crore has been spent on fire fighting system.Besides, landscaping, fixing the logo, implementing rain water harvesting and sewage treatment plant, fixing of CCTVs, water supply from Belgaum city, and the construction of 110kv sub-station are still under progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654045", "title": "Kharats' kin, friends, neighbours stunned by tragedy", "text": "PUNE: An eerie silence prevailed at Ruston Colony in Chinchwad on Tuesday where the Kharat family live. Neighbours are trying to get over the shock following four deaths in the Kharat family including that of 12-year-old Amisha. Her elder brother Praneet, who is at a private hospital in Sangvi, has been asking to meet his parents. His father Pravin Kharat and mother Aruna, are no more.Praneet, his uncle Kishore Kharat and Kishore's seven-month-old daughter Lavanya, survived the accident which also killed Kishore's wife Poonam. The Kharats lived in a joint family.Sarika Sharma, a neighbour who lived in the house adjacent to Kharat family's, said, \"Amisha's image continues to appear in front of my eyes. When Praneet was brought home yesterday I asked him if he would have tea. He said he wanted to meet his parents. I told him that they had been admitted to a hospital.\"Sharma said she had told Poonam not to attend the wedding as her daughter was too small to bear with the travel. \"Poonam wanted to see Mumbai,\" Sharma said. Another neighbour Priti Bhalerao, who worked with Aruna (Pranit's mother) in the same company in Talawade said, \"Most of Aruna's co-workers came today,\" she said.Most of Amisha's friends said they could not sleep at night. Bharati Kolge, another neighbour, said her daughters Samriddhi and Harshada who were friends with Amisha continued to remember her dance performance at the colony on New Year's Eve, and her participation in cultural events and rangoli drawing competitions. They were very fond of each other, she said.Pravin Kharat's friend Rajaram Bhosle said everybody is shocked. \"Pravin wanted to reconstruct the house. His dream remains unfulfilled now,\" he added.Kishore Kharat said his nephew was in a state of shock. Praneet has been asking about his parents. His hand and leg are in cast and he cannot get up and move. The staff at the hospital did not allow him to talk much,\" said Kharat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13668133", "title": "Madonna takes dig at Lady Gaga at 'M.D.N.A' tour", "text": "Madonna insulted Lady Gaga this weekend by pointing out from the stage of her 'M.D.N.A.' tour that Gaga's 'Born This Way' sounds a lot like Madonna's 'Express Yourself'.As Madonna kicked off her highly-anticipated world tour in Israel this weekend, the 'Material Girl' was filmed rehearsing her 1989 hit 'Express Yourself'.Midway through the performance, a dress rehearsal for the show, the 53-year-old singer began singing 'Born This Way', mashing up the Lady Gaga song with her own.The mash-up did not appear to be a tribute to Gaga, as Madonna has criticized her in the past for creating a song so similar to her classic.\"When I heard 'Born This Way' on the radio, I said that sounds very familiar. It feels reductive,\" the New York Post quoted Madonna as telling 20/20 earlier this year.\"I certainly think she references me a lot in her work. Sometimes I think it's amusing and flattering and well done. It's a statement about taking something that was in the zeitgeist, you know, 20 years ago and turning it inside out and reinterpreting it.\"There's a lot of ways to look at it. I can't really be annoyed by it because, obviously, I've influenced her,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/berhampur", "code": "13652540", "title": "Jumbo census to begin on Friday", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BERHAMPUR: The state government will start a three-day elephant census from Friday amid concerns of rampant poaching of the animals in several forests. A month ago, charred remains of four buried elephants were recovered from Similipal national park.More than 3,000 forest personnel will carry out the biennial counting of elephants in 46 out of 50 forest divisions and take adequate precautions in Maoist-infested areas. \"As of now, we do not see any threat from Maoists. We will take the assistance of security personnel if situation demands,\" principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF-wildlife) J D Sharma told TOI. \"We did not face the threat from Maoists in the past,\" Sharma said. The department could not provide information, relating to the exact number of forest divisions that fall under Maoist zones.Sources said the census of the elephants will be carried out in Odisha along with adjoining West Bengal , Andhra Pradesh , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh. The last census was conducted in April 2010 when the elephant population stood at 1,886. The jumbo census in 2007 revealed that there were 1,862 elephants in the state, sources said.\"There will be no counting in Bhadrak, Puri, mangrove forests in Kendrapada and Malkangiri because elephants have not been sighted there,\" another forest officer said. \"Members of counting units will take up position at the selected spots, mainly in the water bodies early in the morning. They will be there till 4 pm to count the elephants through the direct sight method,\" said Chandra Sekhar Kar, another forest officer. The details like the adult, juvenile or calf, whether the tusker or female, will be noted by the unit members. The persons who will carry out the census work have been trained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651906", "title": "Govt aims to build 13km national highway per day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry now aims to award 9,000 km of national highways (NH) during this financial year. It has also set a target of constructing at least 12-13 km a day. National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has planned to build at least 3,000 km, which is 500 km more than the target it had set for 2011-12. The remaining 1,500 km would be built by the ministry, state PWDs and other agencies engaged by the highways ministry.Sources said these targets were being set keeping in mind what the executing bodies could actually achieve in the given circumstances. \"The plan is to push construction gradually so that we can meet the target of building 20 km a day by the next general election. This is achievable considering the volume of projects we are awarding. It takes at least two years for projects to near completion,\" a senior NHAI official said.However, there is a concern over the speed of construction. Ministry sources said that until there was a sound mechanism to monitor the construction work, only awarding would not be enough. \"Taking pride in awarding is fine. But from the day of awarding the work, the liability of government increases. You get committed to complete those projects in time. So the focus has to be equally on completion of projects,\" a ministry official said.For long, the ministry has been talking about web-based and GIS-based monitoring of projects so that senior functionaries in the NHAI headquarters and the ministry can have access to what's happening on the ground. Senior ministry officials said NIC has got the task to develop a programme to implement such a scheme.Meanwhile, at a review meeting held on Tuesday under the chairmanship of highways minister C P Joshi, NHAI and ministry officials submitted how land acquisition and environmental clearances were posing serious challenges to meet the targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13652260", "title": "Want to relish juicy mangoes? Go to mela", "text": "MYSORE: The first-of-its-kind three-day Mango Mela, scheduled from June 1 at Curzon Park adjoining the city bus stand here, aims to do away with middlemen.Horticulture department officials are providing mango growers a platform to sell the fruit to consumers directly during the mela. This not only fetches good returns to the growers, but also keeps the middlemen at bay. The consumers, too, are benefitted as they get naturally-ripened mangoes at prices lesser than that of Hopcoms.Vet Johnny P J, a mango farmer, told TOI that it is a good opportunity for mango growers. \"We all talk about cutting out the role of middlemen, and this mela does just that.\" He says wholesale dealers and middlemen purchase the produce in advance by giving money to farmers before the harvest. Farmers hardly get Rs 13 per kg for mangoes as against the market price of Rs 60 per kg.The farmer from Nanjangud, who is growing mangoes on 20-acre land for the past decade, claims he ripens the yield naturally. According to Johnny, the fruit will be delicious \"if we pluck them only after it is fully grown and ripened\".Horticulture deputy director H M Nagaraj told reporters that this is a first-ever attempt to organize Mango Mela outside Bangalore. According to him, mango is also one of important crops grown in Mysore region and varieties include badami, raspuri, thothapuri and mallika. Mango is grown on 3,517 hectare area and the annual yield of mango is 33,655 tonnes.A total of three dozen mango growers have enrolled so far to participate in the mela. \"We will provide stalls and storage facilities during the mela, which is open to public between 10am and 8pm on all the three days. They may extend the mela by two more days, if the demand arises,\" the officer added.About 50 varieties of mangoes will also be exhibited at the venue, so they are introduced to the growers. In Mysore, only 10 varieties of mangoes are grown.Sweet talk on June 1* Scientific technologies in producing mangoes* Integrated pest- and diseases-management system* Organic practices and natural-ripening techniques* Revival of old mango trees to increase the yield* Marketing methods and opportunitiesRIPENING CHAMBERThe horticulture department has installed a ripening chamber having a capacity of 10 tonne at its centre to facilitate farmers to naturally ripen their crops like mangoes and bananas. It is available for farmers on rent. Horticulture deputy director H M Nagaraj said if mangoes will be scrumptious if ripened naturally. Entrepreneurs can adopt the technology as there is no provision in the public sector to increase its capacity. The officer said each ripening chamber, with a capacity of 10 tonne, costs Rs 11.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13650775", "title": "Family loses Victoria coin treasure to thieves", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 120-year old family treasure of Roshan Lal, 55, a senior bank manager with Oriental Bank of Commerce , has been stolen along with other valuables from his house. Cherished for generations, half a dozen silver Victoria coins that Lal had kept in a red-coloured bag in an iron almirah, were stolen by thieves.A shattered Roshan Lal, a resident of Sector 45, told TOI, \"The Victoria coins were given to me by my grandmother Purshotma Devi, who died at the age of 92, four years ago. She had told me that the coins were collected by my grandfather Parasram Thakur, when he was in Shimla.\" Lal added, \"These coins were in the safekeeping of my father, who is currently living at our native village in Mandi district, before these were passed on to me.\" Lal has been living in Chandigarh for the last 30 years.The stolen coins included the ones when Victoria was a princess and also those when she became queen. Lal's house was burgled when he along with his wife had gone to meet his son in Pune. Lal said, \"We left the house on May 15 and had returned on May 28 night.\" Now Lal is ruing not having handed over this legacy to his son when he had asked for it from him three months ago. Thieves also stole silver utensils, besides some electronic goods. Lal's house is situated around 500 meters from Burail police post in Sector 45.Assistant sub-inspector Jagbir Singh of Sector 34 police station said, \"Prime facie thieves entered the house after scaling the boundary wall and then gained access to the house by breaking open the lock on the front door.\" A case was registered.Two typesTwo types of Victoria coins were introduced in India during the British era a??those that were issued when Queen Victoria was princess Alexandrina between 1862 and 1876 and the second category that were issued when she became the empress (1877 to 1901).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13652003", "title": "Mother kills kids, commits suicide", "text": "TRICHY: A young mother killed her two children by throwing them into the well and ended her life following the death of her husband a fortnight ago in Thuraiyur. Police said that G Rani (24) daughter of Gopal in Perumalmalai foothills, Thuraiyur had got married to Karthikeyan (26) five years ago. The couple had two children Indhusri (3) and Rohith (2).Some months ago , Rani left Karthikeyan following a quarrel due to his addiction to liquor. She went and stayed with her parents in Thuraiyur. Meanwhile, Karthikeyan committed suicide a fortnight ago allegedly upset over the quarrel. On Monday evening, Rani went to a farm in the foothills of Perumalmalai and threw her children into a well.Then she jumped into the well and died. Thuraiyur police rushed to the spot and sent the bodies for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13662621", "title": "Dharun Ravi apologises publicly for first time in webcam spying case", "text": "NEW YORK: Indian student Dharun Ravi , convicted of spying on his gay roommate who later committed suicide, has publicly apologised for the first time for his \"insensitive and immature\" actions, saying he will surrender this week to begin his month long jail term.Ravi said he regretted his \"stupid and childish\" choices when he set up a webcam to view the sexual encounter of his roommate Tyler Clementi with another man on two occasions in September 2010 but said he did not act out of hatred.\"I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless, insensitive, immature, stupid and childish choices... My behavior and actions, which at no time were motivated by hate, bigotry, prejudice or desire to hurt, humiliate or embarrass anyone, were nonetheless the wrong choices and decisions.\"I apologize to everyone affected by those choices,\" 20-year-old Ravi said in a statement released by his lawyer Steven Altman yesterday.The apology by Ravi is the first time the former Rutgers University student has publicly said sorry for his actions.Ravi had come under sharp criticism for not apologising during his trial for spying on Clementi and then inviting his other friends to view the sexual encounter through a webcam.Judge Glenn Berman of the New Brunswick court, who had sentenced him, had admonished Ravi for not showing any remorse for his \"colossal insensitivity.\"During sentencing, Berman had said, \"I heard this jury say, 'guilty' 288 times?24 questions, 12 jurors. That's the multiplication. I haven't heard you apologize once.\"Clementi's parents too had said expressed sadness that Ravi did not seem apologetic for his actions that led their son to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652873", "title": "Statehood has benefited Goa: Shantaram", "text": "PANAJI: On the eve of Goa's statehood day, Rajya Sabha member of Parliament Shantaram Naik has said that the state has immensely benefited by achieving statehood.Naik-who said he had introduced the Private Member's Bill in Parliament for Goa's statehood-said that after statehood, the state has been able to legislate its own laws and implement projects much faster than it could have as a union territory, as earlier all files relating to any projects costing over 50,000 and drafts of any laws for the state had to be routed through Delhi.Naik said this while addressing mediapersons at the Congress House on Tuesday.While narrating the sequence of events that led to statehood, Naik termed statehood as a gift for the state from the late Prime Minister, Rajiv Gandhi , to Goans.Speaking on the benefits of statehood, Naik said, \"Statehood is a powerful thing,\" while adding that as a state, Goa could enjoy privileges mentioned in both the state and concurrent lists of the Constitution.He felt as a state, the state's council of ministers could take decisions in the interest of the state and not be dependent on Delhi for decision-making. This helps in faster decision making and implementation of projects such as infrastructure, he added.On the issue of special status, he felt this was a long pending demand of the state and felt that though it would not be easy to obtain, everyone would have to work collectively towards the same. Fearing that granting the same to Goa would see other states too seeking the same, the Centre prefers status quo on the issue, he added. Naik concluded that if not for statehood, the state would not have achieved a fourth of what it has since 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13651292", "title": "Shiv Sena to challenge MLC result in court", "text": "NASHIK: A day after NCP's Jayant Jadhav retained his MLC seat through a draw of lots following a tie, his rival from Shiv Sena Shivaji Sahane has decided to move the court to challenge the election result.\"It is actually a moral defeat for Chhagan Bhujbal . On paper it is Chhagan Bhujbal's man who won but factually and morally I have won. I had 225 votes, so there was no need of a draw in the first place. Since yesterday (Monday) morning I have been arguing that four votes of mine that had been declared invalid are valid. I told the returning officer that he should have scrutinized the votes earlier, why did he do so when objections were raised after the counting. The returning officer said that he had every right to declare what is valid or invalid. Nowhere in the bylaws has the returning officer been given the right to re-scrutinize the votes. He can only recount them. All this has been done deliberately,\" Sahane told TOI.Sahane said that he was refused the copy of the report that the returning officer faxed to the election commission. \"We have the right to know. The collector has violated the election norms. His intentions are not clear. The 225th vote was Roman one in Marathi but he said that it is not clearly visible. I asked him to show it to the media and general public , he did not. In the second vote he declared invalid, he said there was a dot in one corner of the ballot paper which shows that it was an identity mark by the voter. In the third case, there was no mark apart from one but a dot in Jayant Jadhav's place. In the fourth case, a slight line like a comma was found in one corner and in the fourth case, there was no mark yet it was declared invalid without any explanations,\" Sahane alleged.He said that he had given written objections three times but the returning officer did not respond. \"By law he should have first replied to the objections,\" said Sahane.His party colleagues endorsed his view. \"Whatever happened on Monday was injustice. It was a clear win for Shiv Sena with 225 votes as against NCP's 224. They have forcibly taken away four votes of ours. We will go to the court,\" said Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste. Accusing the returning officer, he alleged, \"The returning officer is also the district collector and Bhujbal is in his favour.\"Boraste said they had won the first battle but the victory had been snatched away from them. \"Now we will fight our second battle in the court against the administration and the ruling party,\" said Boraste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13656357", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy turns Chanchalguda jail into party office", "text": "HYDERABAD: The morning after he was lodged in the jail, Jagan got down to business and spent time mulling and discussing party affairs. Ensconced in a room on the ground floor of the administrative block, Jagan (the president of the YSR Congress), held discussions with his mother and party's honorary president and MLA, Y S Vijayamma, on the eve of her embarking on a poll campaign. He had similar discussions with YSR party candidate in Nellore, Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy.Jagan met his family members met for an hour and forty five minutes. Apart from his mother Vijayamma, his wife Bharathi, sister Sharmila, brother-in-law Anil and father-in-law E C Gangi Reddy met Jagan. V Vijay Sai Reddy, who is also an accused in the Jagan assets case and is now out on bail, also formed part of the entourage. Anil and Gangi Reddy had to wait outside the jail gate for sometime before they were let in.\"Should I tell you everything that we discussed?\" an annoyed Rajamohan Reddy countered when asked what transpired between him and Jagan in the jail.There was a table, chair and a bench in the room where Jagan met his visitors. After exchanging courtesies, the YSR Congress president went on to execute his agenda of holding one-to-one meetings and issuing instructions. When he spoke to his mother, Rajamohan Reddy stood at a distance. After Vijayamma, Sharmila, Anil and Gangi Reddy left the jail, Jagan's wife Bharathi and Vijay Sai Reddy stayed back. Jagan spoke for more than half an hour privately with his wife while Vijay Sai Reddy, waited outside the room.Prison authorities saw nothing amiss in so many family members calling on Jagan and spending so much time. \"Ordinarly, half an hour is given to the family members but the time can be extended at the discretion of the prison authorities,\" prisons department director general TP Das said when TOI asked him about Jagan's family and visitors being given one hour and forty-five minutes to meet him.As to the question of Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy being allowed to meet Jagan, Das said there was also a provision for allowing friends and relatives of prisoners. \"The meeting happens in the nature of an interview that is given to them to meet the inmate, so we cannot say it is some kind of political activity,\" Das said.All Jagan's visitors were in the jail by 11-25am as per the record kept by TOI's correspondent. Vijayamma, Sharmila, Anil and Gangi Reddy came out by 12.40pm and Bharathi and Vijay Sai Reddy came out at 1.10pm. But TP Das of prisons department said that his records showed the in and out times as: M Rajamohan Reddy (11.25am to 11.40am), Vijayamma (11.25am to 11.55am), Bharathi (11.25am to 12 noon), Vijay Sai Reddy (11.25am to 12 noon) and Anil Kumar (11.25am to 12 noon).Former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy, an accused in the OMC case who was in Chanchalguda for a long time, also used to meet his partyman Sreeramulu in the jail frequently. According to prison sources, Jaganmohan Reddy had a somewhat disturbed night in the jail as the lights were not switched off as a rule. He reportedly got out of his room in the barrack only after 8.30am and had some milk and boiled eggs. His family also took a parcel for him.\"He is very calm and courageous and he is a fighter,\" Jagan's sister Sharmila said after she came out of the jail after meeting him. \"He is doing well, he's good,\" she said stating that he had no problems. Jagan's mother Vijayamma told TOI that Jagan was in perfect health.The road in front of the Chanchalguda prison which was sealed on both sides from Monday morning were opened for the general public on Tuesday afternoon, soon after Jagan's family left after visiting him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13655511", "title": "Keep off my babus, Sheila tells P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit says she is \"upset\" with the attitude of the Union home ministry, which has embarked on a transfer spree in the Delhi government. She feels this will put the brakes on projects that are critical for her party's performance in the 2013 assembly polls. On Tuesday , she rushed to the home ministry in a bid to deter P Chidambaram from carrying out large-scale changes.\"Nearly 27 officials were transferred out in the recent months. Five of my senior officials are slated for retirement , and now this proposal for more transfers will affect administration,\" she told TOI. Former MCD commissioner and current environment secretary KS Mehra is scheduled to retire in June. Chief secretary PK Tripathi follows him later this year.The officials whose names are said to figure on the transfer list include industries secretary and Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board CEO Chetan Sanghi, who is handling flagship programmes of the state, including allotment of EWS houses, slum relocation and makeover of industrial areas . The recently-appointed Delhi Jal Board CEO, Debashree Mukherjee, is also on this list.Worried over the Centre's proposal to transfer bureaucrats, chief minister Sheila Dikshit met home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday . According to the grapevine , food and civil supplies secretary Dharampal and labour secretary Ramesh Tiwari are being shifted out of the Delhi government.Speculation is also rife that the principal secretary to Dikshit, MM Kutty, chief election officer Reena Ray, and the commissioner of the recentlyconstituted South Delhi Municipal Corporation, Manish Gupta , are also likely to be transferred in the near future.\"Transfers are the prerogative of the home ministry. They say these are routine transfers that happen around May-June . However, earlier the ministry used to consult us. Now, we are not being involved and senior officials handling important portfolios are proposed to be transferred without any interface with us,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit told TOI. \"I have made my discontent know to the home minister. I will not let go and will continue to take this up with the Centre ,\" she added. The home minister has assured her that he would look into the matter.Citing water, Dikshit said it was a sensitive portfolio and any move to shift out the new CEO, Debashree Mukherjee, will impact administration. Mukherjee replaced bureaucrat Ramesh Negi, who was transferred out in the previous round over a month back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649777", "title": "Electrocution, signal failure hit railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenager was electrocuted while travelling on the roof of a Central Railway train at Dadar on Tuesday. Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said the incident occurred as the victim came in contact with the pantograph. His identity hasn't been established and officials said he appears to be a street-dweller. Services were delayed by 10 minutes following the incident, CR officials said.The victim had boarded a Badlapur-CST fast local. Witnesses told the GRP that they spotted him on the rooftop at Matunga station. Though commuters in the train urged him to step down, the boy paid no heed to them. \"Around 4.45pm, there was a loud sound on platform 6 at Dadar. We were stunned to find a youth stuck to the pantograph,\" said inspector Nitin Bobade.He was pronounced dead at Sion Hospital. \"The victim was aged around 16-17 years,\" an official said. The Badlapur-CST local restarted its journey around 5.20pm.Meanwhile, services on CR were also disrupted due to a signal failure at Kalwa. According to CR officials, \"The incident took place at around 6.30pm on the CST-bound slow line between Kalwa and Mumbra due to a suspected attempt to steal the signal cable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652222", "title": "5,000 cops to ensure violence-free bandh tomorrow", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is likely to deploy an estimated 5,000 personnel on city roads on Thursday when NDA and its allies would observe nationwide bandh in protest of the petrol price hike. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay warned the political top brass not to let their party workers go berserk and indulge in violent protest.The police are determined to keep the city violence-free. Dhanvijay has warned that political leaders, cutting across party lines, would be booked for violent demonstrations. The CP has issued orders to initiate strict action against those indulging in hooliganism like pelting stones and arson. \"We have a plan to book the leaders and organizers of demonstration for abetting if their stir takes a violent turn. We plan to invoke section 117 of the Indian penal code (IPC) for abetting any act done by 10 or more people,\" Dhanvijay said.Incidents like stone-pelting on buses, arson and damage to public and private properties would be dealt seriously. \"We would try catch the people engaged in hooliganism and violence. We would probe such incidents and try to zero down on the person who had abetted them,\" the CP said.Dhanvijay said that police would have no issue with peaceful demonstrators. \"Police would grant permission for peaceful protest at places like RBI square and other spots. We would not also meddle with any supporters of the bandh as long as they follow the instructions of our police personnel monitoring the situation,\" he said.A security blueprint has been already prepared and approved as the cops are gearing up for the day. \"We have also requisitioned a company of the State reserve police force ( SRPF),\" he said. The Quick response team (QRT) has been also kept ready for any kind of emergency, he added. CP said that no bandh supporters should force others to toe the lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649849", "title": "Maheshwar assembly by-election: Tough competition on the horizon", "text": "BHOPAL: A fierce electoral battle is on cards for the Maheshwar reserved assembly seat in Madhya Pradesh that goes for by-polls on June 12. The voters in Maheshwar will elect its representative for a short period of just one-and a half years before the state's assembly polls next year.By-election to Maheshwar (SC) seat was necessitated after the Congress MLA Vijaylaxmi Sadho was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2010. The seat remained vacant till now as an election petition was pending before the court.The ruling BJP has got high stakes in this by-election as it gears to wrest the seat from the Congress, which had won the seat by a thin margin of 673 votes in the December 2008 assembly elections.In the last election, Congress nominee Vijay Laxmi Sadho had won the election, defeating her nearest BJP rival Rajkumar Mev.Now, the BJP has nominated Mev again to try his electoral fortunes while the Congress obliged the Sadho family-which had represented the constituency for several years-by nominating Devendra Sadho, brother of Vijaylaxmi.Maheshwar has been a traditional bastion of the Congress, which had won nine out of the 13 elections held since independence.BJP candidates won twice from this constituency while in two other elections Jan Sangh and Janata Party nominees won the polls.Congress had always banked on the influence of Sadho family for a victory as Sitaram Sadho represented the constituency for five times and later his daughter Vijaylaxmi won four elections from Maheshwar.\"Though the constituency has been considered as a stronghold of Congress, BJP is confident that the by-election results would go the way of Sonkatch and Kukshi by-poll which were wrested by the BJP\", state BJP media cell in-charge Dr Hitesh Bajpai told TOI.Congress insiders said initial differences among local party leaders, who indulged in a rat race for party ticket to contest from Maheshwar, may not affect the poll prospects as the party would retain its tradit-%ional seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13652075", "title": "Dengue loses bite in south Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: After a series of dengue deaths in the southern districts, the situation appears to be getting better as no deaths were reported for the last two days. The patient inflow has also started declining steadily in hospitals. The intense fogging and anti-larval activities carried out by local bodies and the round-the-clock medical care by the health department has started yielding results, looks like.Tirunelveli deputy director of health J Nirmalson said there were no dengue deaths in the district for the last one week and the few cases reported in private hospitals proved to be non-dengue cases. \"The number of patients coming in at critical stages of the disease has greatly reduced due to increased awareness among the public. Most of them get admitted at early stages with warning symptoms such as anorexia, persistent vomiting and abdominal pain, making it easier for us to treat them with intra-venous fluid and medication unlike critical cases,\" he said.On Tuesday, five new admissions were made in the Intensive Medical Care unit at the Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital and their condition is said to be \"not critical\". \"Altogether, there are 10 cases in ICMU and none of them are critical. They are on the contrary, recovering. Meanwhile, admissions for dengue cases have come down from 150 to less than 100 in the last two days,\" Nirmalson said.In neighbouring Tuticorin district, there are 10 positive cases admitted in the Tuticorin Medical College. Tuticorin deputy director of health S Uma said, however, they were not in critical condition. \"Out of 120 positive cases in the district from January to May, there was only one death reported in the district. We have launched intensive fogging and anti-larval operations and taken up a massive cleaning programme in all local bodies. The situation is under control,\" she said. Virudhunagar deputy director of health S Balasubramanian said there was no dengue threat in the district. \"There were two positive cases reported in Sevallur Sri Lankan refugee camp recently, a father and son. Both were immediately referred to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai. They had travelled to Kadayanallur, where they might have contracted the virus. There were no new cases reported in the district after that,\" he said.In Madurai district too, no new cases were reported on Tuesday. GRH dean Edwin Joe said there were 10 cases in the special ward and no new admissions were made on the last two days. All of them are recovering well and would be discharged in a few days. \"If there are no new cases in neighbouring districts or here in the coming days, dengue can safely be said to have been controlled,\" he said.District malaria officer Latha Freeda Joan said the dengue situation in Madurai district was under control and intense anti-larval and source reduction works were going on in all blocks.The city corporation convened a special review meeting on Tuesday chaired by mayor V V Rajan Chellappa in which immediate mosquito-control measures were discussed. The mayor insisted on taking all measures to prevent dengue and ordered speedy removal of garbage from the city limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664082", "title": "NASA\u2019s space drink helps reduce wrinkles", "text": "A \"space drink\" concocted by NASA to protect astronauts from radiation has been found to be effective against wrinkles, blemishes and other skin damage from the sun.According to University of Utah researchers, the drink known as AS10 has shown miraculous results on the 180 skin-damaged participants in their human trials.They found that after just four months of drinking two shots of the potion daily, UV spots were reduced by 30 per cent and wrinkles by 17 per cent, the New York Daily News reported.The drink is a blend of exotic fruits, including acai, acerola, prickly pear, yumberry, grape, green tea, pomegranate and Brazil's cupuacu.The ingredients provide high amounts of vitamins and phytochemicals that block harmful effects of radiation, the researchers said.It also has plenty of antioxidants that ward off oxidative stress, or \"free radicals\" that damage skin cells.\"The skin is the first body tissue to be exposed to UV rays and we know it is sensitive to oxidative stress,\" explained Dr. Aaron Barson, a nutritional scientist at the University of Utah.\"Our study shows it greatly benefits from a reduction in this stress. The effects of oxidative stress on the skin can be quickly modified and the skin can heal itself by drinking AS10,\" said Barson, who is planning a larger study this summer.Participants, mostly women , drank a little over 2 ounces of AS10 a day.A 25-ounce bottle of AS10 cost about 50 dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13652083", "title": "A novel way to register for employment", "text": "MADURAI: Long queues and inordinate delay at the district employment office for registration of educational details by students who have passed their plus two exams might be a thing of the past.In bid to avert crowding at the employment office on the day the mark sheets are distributed, the state government has made arrangements for registration in the respective schools itself. \"The students can register on the employment office website from their schools itself on May 30 when the mark sheets would be given to them,\" said Madurai collector Anshul Mishra. In Madurai district, 32,714 students appeared for the plus two exams, of which 30,529 passed this year.The district administration has instructed all the schools to keep computers, printers and internet facility in proper conditions to facilitate registration in the employment office's website. Mishra has asked the students to bring along their ration cards to the schools to register. Those who had already registered after their SSLC qualification should also bring their employment card issued at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13652544", "title": "Tanker brakes fail, causes chaos in Verem", "text": "Calangute: A speeding water tanker lost control in the busy Verem market, dashing against other vehicles before crashing into an electric pole and bringing down the electric cables on Tuesday morning.Witnesses said that the incident occurred at around 9.15am when the loaded tanker reached the Verem junction on the busy Panaji-Calangute road. As it approached the Pilerne side to go towards Betim, the truck's brakes failed. Unable to stop the vehicle, the driver tried to control the truck by steering it, but in the process dashed against two buses and knocked down a parked scooter before ramming into an electric pole.The truck also smashed into a water tank which was kept behind the pole by a hotel owner. The electric pole was uprooted and broke into two pieces due to the impact snapping the electric cables and feeder lines carrying live power.Verem junior engineer Shoharat Sheikh who arrived at the scene soon after the incident occured told TOI that nobody was hurt in the incident. The front cabin of the tanker was badly damaged in the mishap. Electricity was expected to be restored by evening.Porvorim police said they conducted an inspection of the tanker and confirmed that the brakes had failed, leading to the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655856", "title": "IT companies activate power-saving mode to tide over fuel crunch", "text": "CHENNAI: Employees in scores of offices, including in information technology companies, in the city reeled under a shortage of power and diesel on Tuesday. Lifts and airconditioners didn't work in many offices. On a day declared a power holiday, the shortage of diesel meant even gensets could not be used.Most IT firms and tech parks were scrambling to ensure adequate diesel supplies. While the Software Technology Parks of India (STPI) office in Taramani managed to secure diesel by Monday night, Tidel park could get it only on Tuesday morning. However, many lifts were not working at Tidel Park and employees were heard complaining, according to sources. \"The situation at a few other IT parks like DLF and Shriram was normal,\" said an industry official. The problems were not confined to only within office premises. In many cases, people were not able to use their personal vehicles because of the diesel shortage. \"We have advised many of our employees to use public transport as much as possible for the next few days and also on Sunday which is going to be a power holiday,\" said an official of an IT company. Many firms like Sutherland Global Services had allowed a part of their staff to work from home on Tuesday.Industry associations have been trying to arrive at temporary solutions. \"In view of the severe shortage of diesel in the city, the National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom ) made a presentation before us asking for assistance,\" said Rajiv Ranjan, chief of the state electricity generation, distribution and transmission corporation. In response, TNEB agreed to supply power to IT companies in the Old Mahabalipuram Road area on Tuesday, a power holiday for south Chennai. A similar power holiday will be in place in north Chennai on Wednesday.A senior official confirmed that TNEB has agreed to supply power to IT firms in OMR on Sunday which has also been declared as a power holiday. The assistance extends only to IT companies at the moment and not to other industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13649725", "title": "16-hour water cut in Worli on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has announced a 16-hour water cut in G-South ward on Friday morning as it will carry out repair work on a 1,450-mm Vaitarna water main along Dr E Moses Road, opposite Jijamata Nagar, Worli.The work will start at 7am and continue till 11pm on Friday.During this period, there will be no water supply in the following areas: Siddhartha Nagar Tekadi, Prem Nagar, Subhedar Ramji Ambedkar Nagar, Worli Hill Road, Worli B D D Chawl, Century Mill quarters, S S Amrutwar Marg, Dr Annie Besant Road (from Worli Naka to Worlikar Chowk), Sasmira Marg, Janta Colony, Adarsh Nagar, Mahakali Road, Worli Koliwada, Pochkhanwala Road (Upper &amp; Lower), Abdul Gaffar Khan Road and R G Thadani Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652900", "title": "Teenager goes missing in Bakshi Ka Talab, police yet to act", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rape of a minor which took place inside a police outpost on Sunday not only turned out to be a blot on the UP police but, also on the Samajwadi Party government led by Akhilesh Yadav . However, it seems that the city police has failed to learn the lesson of sensitivity, when it comes to crimes related to minor girls.The case relates to Bakshi Ka Talab police station. After continuously running from pillar to post, a poor father and mother have failed to get a missing complaint of their minor daughter registered at Bakshi Ka Talab police station. The time passed since the incident took place has been around nine days. Bakshi Ka Talab cops' insensitivity could be gauged from the fact that they did not pay heed to directives of the city police chief Ashutosh Pandey's office, when the complainant had knocked on his doors on Monday.According to the complainant, Prakash Sonker, a resident of Maal Godown Colony, Charbagh along with his family members and neighbours Rakesh Kumar, Geeta and Narmada Sharma had gone to offer prayers at Chandrika Devi temple in Bakshi Ka Talab on May 20.After offering prayers when everyone came out, Prakash's 14-year-old daughter was missing.Assuming that she might be coming in a few minutes after offering prayers, Prakash and others kept waiting on the campus. However, when she didn't return, Prakash even got her name announced through loudspeaker. However, his daughter did not return.Since Prakash has an old enmity with one of the neighbours, who once had even threatened to kidnap his daughter, Prakash accused him in the complaint.Citing reason, he said, that since that day the said neighbour had also been missing from his house.After failing to find her anywhere, Prakash went to Bakshi Ka Talab police station to get a missing complaint registered. However, he was shooed away, Prakash told TOI. He then knocked on the doors of the city police chief. The officer on duty called up Bakshi Ka Talab police and directed him to register his complaint.Strangely, on Tuesday when he reached the police station, he was abused and again shooed away.Upset, he again came to plead at the city police chief's camp office. However, till then, Prakash's run from one place to another continues with a pray that his daughter is safe and fine. Till then, the wait continues for the police to wake up and act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13650385", "title": "Indore prepares to watch Venus transit on June 6", "text": "INDORE: With the next transit of Venus is taking place on June 6, the city is preparing to watch the rare astronomical phenomenon which happens when the Venus passes between the Sun and the Earth . Authorities are busy in arranging facilities for the people to watch the event, which is expected to last for nearly five hours from 5.41 am on the day.The scientists have advised the people to watch this rare astronomical phenomenon, which is going to take place after a long time. Though last time such event was noticed in 2004, there was no transit of Venus during the entire 20th century.Talking about dos and don'ts while watching the transit, Rajendra Singh, state coordinator, Children's Science Centre, Indore, said that one should watch the development only through eclipse shades or solar shades, the special glasses for safe viewing. Also, one has to look at the Sun intermittently, he said.However, he said nobody should attempt to observe the Sun with naked eyes during the transit. He has advised not to look at the reflection of the Sun in coloured water, which people do during solar eclipse.There will be nearly 10-12 centres, which are getting ready for the people to watch the rare phenomenon in the city on the day. The phenomenon, which will begin at 5.41 am, will last up to 10.22 am, said G S Patel, master resource person, Indore division, for the event. Some of the other places where arrangements are being made to watch the event included SICA School and Manavata Nagar Chindren Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653614", "title": "Two brothers fell into well, die", "text": "JAIPUR: Two brothers were killed after falling down into a well at Daulatpura village under Harmara police station in Jaipur district on Tuesday. The elder brother who was about to end his life by jumping into a well was grabbed by the younger stopping him from the attempt; however, both slipped, fell down into the well and died.According to police, the incident took place early on Monday morning when Chaju Ram (38) who is undergoing treatment for his mental illness since the past three years was going towards the well situated in the courtyard of his house. Spotting him walking towards the well, the younger brother Rameshwar (36) started chasing him.Seeing his younger brother chasing him, Chaju Ram climbed the parapet of the well and asked Rameshwar not to come after him. \"Before he could jump into the well, Chaju Ram firmly grabbed by his younger brother Rameshwar. While the younger brother was counseling him not to take the extreme step to take his life, suddenly both slipped into the well,\" Anoop Singh, circle inspector of Harmara police station, told TOI.Spotting the two brothers trapped inside the well, their wives, who are sisters, raised an alarm and with the help of villagers brought ropes to pull them out. Some villagers also informed the police. A team of senior police officers reached at the spot and pull the two brothers out of the well. \"Both were rushed to the hospital but were declared brought dead,\" Singh added.Chaju Ram and Rameshwar were into farming and had two kids each. Soon after their death, the whole Daulatpura village was in a state of shock. They were shocked by the tragedy and the fate that has befallen the two women and their four kids.Initially, there were reports that the brothers were into a brawl, but police said no such thing took place as it was an accident. \"The younger brother had even convinced the elder brother but before they could walk off, both fell down accidently,\" a senior police officer said.Police have handed over the bodies of the deceased to their family members after the post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651258", "title": "PWD to repair 60-foot roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is all set to give a complete facelift to the 60-foot broad roads acquired by its PWD department from the municipal corporation. These roads are being studied by the Delhi College of Engineering which is expected to give its report on the work required to strengthen them by June-end, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan said in the Delhi assembly on Tuesday in response to queries made by the opposition MLAs.The PWD has taken over 670 such broad roads measuring around 765 kilometers from the MCD. Condition of these roads and the work on their maintenance dominated the question hour session of the assembly on Tuesday for more than an hour.Chauhan said they have already received report for 150 roads and the tendering process for these will start soon. With monsoon less than a month away, Chauhan said the department has started filling potholes and carrying out patchwork wherever required.\"The necessary repair work is being done wherever required and it will be completed before the monsoon. The government has made provision for improvement of all these roads in the budget and we complete it in this financial year,\" Chauhan said. Another issue that continued to dominate the assembly was the water crisis with opposition seeking the CM's resignation the same. \"Water is such a crucial issue in Delhi there are constituencies which do not have access to water for days. CM should take it seriously and put in a word to her officers to do something about it,\" said Ramesh Bhaduri, BJP MLA from Tughlakhabad. Despite noise by the opposition clamour Dikshit refused to give an answer but it was speaker Yoganand Shastri who came to her defence saying, \"water is part of nature, you can fight with government for it but not with nature,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13652039", "title": "Police probe if infant was sacrificed", "text": "In another spine-chilling incident of child sacrifice in 2010, a tantric and his paramour kidnapped a one-and-a-half-year-old baby from Madurai, beheaded it, buried the head in a Tuticorin village and the torso in Ramanathapuram district.Police have begun investigation in the latest case to find out whether the infant was murdered in the name of sacrifice. \"Inquiries so far have revealed that the baby was stillborn. The body had dog bite marks all over. We are yet to arrive at any conclusion. The postmortem report would reveal whether any weapon was used to chop off the head,'' said Dindigul SP T Jayachandran. But the officer did not rule out the possibility of child sacrifice. For now, the police have booked a case of suspicious death.Police said that the body was found in the grove at Mettupatti in Saminthapuram police station limits. The villagers informed the village administrative officer who in turn lodged a complaint with police. \"We conducted an enquiry and found that a couple in the village had a baby on Friday last. They admitted that it was their baby, but claimed that it was stillborn and they buried it in the grove,'' said a police officer. But police have found that the woman had developed an affair with another man but returned to her husband recently. Villagers also told police that the woman had been seen visiting priests and tantriks in the last few days.The body was cremated after conducting postmortem at the government hospital in Palani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653435", "title": "Heat wave continues, Sriganganagar hottest at 47.4 degrees Celsius", "text": "JAIPUR: The upward swing in temperature continued on Tuesday too and affected normal life in the state. Sriganganagar remained the hottest in the state and recorded a maximum temperature of 47.4 degrees Celsius, the met reports said on Tuesday.The ongoing spell of scorching heat has not only created power crisis in the state but has also increased the footfall of patients complaining of heat stroke.Jaipurites woke up to another warm morning as the city experienced a minimum temperature of 30.2 degrees Celsius, almost 3 degrees above the normal temperature. It was followed by an afternoon with maximum temperature of 43.1 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees above the normal temperature. This accompanied by relative humidity of 40 per cent made the weather literally \"unbearable\".The city roads wore a deserted look in the afternoon with people from every walk of life confining themselves to their homes and offices. Many people visited Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital, government dispensaries and private hospitals with various complaints varying from fever, body ache, and skin-related problems to sun stroke.\"The patients' footfall in the OPDs of general physician and dermatology has certainly increased in last one week when the maximum temperature of the city was either 41 or above it,\" said an executive looking after registrations at the SMS hospital.Attributing the continued rise in the mercury to the upper air cyclonic circulation and vanishing of western disturbances the met office said that the ongoing pattern is going to continue in the state for the next couple of days. There is no news of respite in the heat conditions from the Jaipur met office and its weather forecast.Sriganganagar was followed by Churu that recorded a maximum temperature of 46.5 degrees Celsius, Kota 45.8, Bikaner 45.5, Jaisalmer 44.3, Chittorgarh 43.9, Pilani and Jodhpur 43.7 each, Barmer 43.4, Ajmer 42.5 and Udaipur recorded a maximum temperature of 41.5 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653595", "title": "Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla gives 10-day ultimatum to government", "text": "JAIPUR: Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla on Tuesday said the state government should fulfill its promises related to the quota issue within 10 days or be ready to face another statewide agitation by the community next month.The community observed the 6{+t}{+h} anniversary of the first violent Gujjar agitation that started at Patoli-Peepalkheda on May 29, 2007, to demand increased quota for the community in government jobs and educational institutions. After the community meeting at Patoli-Peepalkheda that was attended by hundreds, Bainsla announced that if the government failed to fulfill the pending demands, another agitation would be launched from June 9.Early this month, the Gujjar leader had allowed the Ashok Gehlot-government four months' time to fulfill its promises, which included appointment of a chairperson for the Other Backward Commission, constitution of the Devnarayan Board for Welfare of Gujjars, withdrawal of criminal cases, releasing pensions and compensations and laying foundation stones of schools. Since the start, a section of the Gujjar leadership had opposed the four month time allowed to the government.\"Our leaders have now realised that they should not have given such a long period to the government since it has a history of backtracking on the promises and cheating the community,\" said Himmat Singh Gujjar, spokesperson of the Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13652200", "title": "Bandh is unlikely to hit public transport", "text": "BANGALORE: Public transport is unlikely to be affected by the May 31 Bharat Bandh against the recent hike in petrol price.BMTC chief traffic manager (operations) Nagaraj C told TOI that the number of trips will not be reduced, nor will any schedule be curtailed. \"Our buses will run normally on Thursday. If there is violence on any of our routes, we might reduce schedules in those areas. We're keeping our patrol vehicles ready for safety reasons.\"The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) will run trains between Baiyappanahalli and MG Road as on any normal day. The BMRC spokesperson said the corporation will give a confirmation on Wednesday; but services will not be affected at all.For their part, autorickshaw drivers' unions said they are willing to ply if there is no trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13667162", "title": "Dhanush gets beautiful heroine", "text": "Yes , from kolai veri to a different avatar , now as producer, Dhanush is taking the plunge. Directed by Vetri Maaran's assistant, Senthil, the lead role will be played by Sivakarthikeyan. The heroine for the movie is Priya Anand of Nootrenbathu fame. while music is by Anirudh (who else) Velraj will wield the camera and Kishore will do the editing.The movie is titled Ethir Neechal (kollywood is running out of imagination - going bak to titles of movies of an ealier era).Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13653368", "title": "Illegal land allotments near water bodies since 1955 be cancelled: Rajasthan High Court", "text": "JAIPUR: Giving its final verdict in the Ramgarh dam case, the Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday ordered that encroachments from water bodies across the state be removed and the illegal land allotments made close to them since 1955 be cancelled.The state government has been told to plan for a drive to remove encroachments in the water bodies' catchment areas after getting a survey done using remote sensing techniques or other mechanisms. The government has been directed to issue instructions to all municipalities and panchayat bodies to not let residential colonies come up in the water bodies' catchment areas.The single bench of justice MN Bhandari turned down the government's \"excuse\" that it did not possess revenue records to restore the lands belonging to water bodies that existed when the Rajasthan Tenancy Act, 1955, came into existence. \"The excuse regarding non-availability of revenue record would be viewed seriously, more so when government is under an obligation to maintain revenue record since inception,\" justice Bhandari said.The government has been directed to chalk out an initial plan to show how the court order would be executed. The plan is to be placed before the court in the second week of July 2012. Thereafter, initially, the case would then be listed the court in the first week of every month to see compliance of the directions. To further ensure that the court directions do not remain on paper, a two-member monitoring committee of lawyers has been asked to submit a report from time to time on the actions taken by the government.The court made the water resources department as the nodal agency for removing encroachments and for stopping illegal constructions in the catchment areas of rivers, dams, ponds and other water sources. The government has been told to stop constructions in catchment areas, specifically under the NREGA scheme. \"It has been seen that even roads were constructed dividing the river in two parts and obstructing flow of water. The state government has removed such roads from the Ramgarh dam catchment area,\" the bench noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651878", "title": "Bathani Tola: Cry for justice", "text": "PATNA: Over 300 intellectuals including Noam Chomsky , Tariq Ali and Jean Dreze have demanded justice to the victims and survivors of Bathani Tola massacre. The recent acquittal by Patna high court of all the accused in this carnage has shocked everyone.On July 11, 1996, 21 landless poor were slaughtered in broad daylight at Bathani Tola, a dalit hamlet in Bhojpur district, by the Ranvir Sena, a private army of landowners from the dominant castes. All the victims were from oppressed castes and minorities, and 20 of them were women, children and infants.In a joint petition to the chief justice of Supreme Court, intellectuals, social activists and filmmakers have urged him to ensure that the perpetrators of this and other massacres of the poor and oppressed in Bihar are tried and convicted.The Ara sessions court had convicted 23 people for this massacre in 2010, sentencing three to death and 20 to life imprisonment. But on April 16 this year, the high court overturned the conviction, and acquitted all the accused.\"The fact that, 16 years after this massacre, not a single person stands convicted for the brutal and barbaric slaughter of innocents, raises disturbing questions about whether the oppressed and the poor victims of massacres can expect justice in our courts,\" the memorandum said.\"One of the survivors of the massacre, who lost six members of his family, responding to the acquittal, asked, \"Who, then, killed 21 people that day?\" We believe that the entire country and our system of justice owes the people of Bathani Tola an answer to that question. And we write to you in the hope that the SC will correct the deep injustice to victims and survivors of Bathani Tola, and will take all possible measures to ensure that the perpetrators of this and other heinous massacres of the poor and oppressed in Bihar are tried and convicted,\" the signatories said.The memo said the Ranvir Sena was banned after the Bathani Tola massacre - but in spite of the ban, it continued to operate openly, committing several more such massacres in central Bihar. The Laxmanpur-Bathe massacre in December 1998, in which 61 dalit landless poor were killed, had been called a 'national shame' by the then president of India, K R Narayanan.\"The Commission of Enquiry headed by Justice Amir Das, which was set up after the Bathe massacre, to probe the political support received by the Ranvir Sena, was disbanded six years ago when the present state government came to power in Bihar. The Ranvir Sena chief, Brahmeshwar Singh, is yet to be named in the FIRs of the Bathani Tola massacre and other massacres. In fact, the police informed the Ara court in 2010 that Brahmeshwar was an 'absconder' - when he was, at that time, a prisoner in Ara jail,\" the memo said.Prominent signatories to the memorandum include Arundhati Roy , Amit Bhaduri, Anand Patwardhan, Uma Chakravorty and Kamal Mitra Chenoy. Bharati S Kumar and Daisy Narain of the Patna University and Santosh Kumar of NIT Patna are among the signatories from Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652171", "title": "Medical Council of India not to cut down RIMS seats", "text": "RANCHI: The state's premier hospital and medical college, the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences(RIMS), will not cut down the number of seats for admission to its MBBS course this year.About a week earlier disappointment had run through the aspiring doctors in the state as speculation was rife that the Medical Council of India (MCI) would cut down the MBBS seats at the RIMS from existing 150 to 90.A few months ago, an MCI team, which was unimpressed with the state of affairs at the hospital, had threatened the RIMS with de-recognition. The RIMS was asked by the MCI to improve the medical college's academic and medical infrastructure.The MCI team had found several important posts in the hospital vacant. Many posts of the resident doctors were vacant and rather than making fresh appointments, the hospital was trying to give extension to some of the existing doctors. Other mandatory MCI guidelines were also not being followed as desired by the regulatory body. The institute was given three months to improve the state of the afairs.RIMS director Tulsi Mahto said, \"I received the confirmation (of not slashing MBBS seats) from the MCI on Monday evening. The MCI is satisfied with the improvement that has come at the RIMS and after carrying out a re-inspection, the MCI members have altered their views.\"The RIMS will now take 150 students for its MBBS course in 2012-13. There is a 50 % reservation on MBBS seats for students from Jharkhand at the RIMS but now 75 seats will be reserved for them. The remaining 75 seats will be open for students from across the country.Former RIMS director S N Chaudhary said, \"There is already a stiff competition for 75 seats among the students of Jharkhand.\"Till 2010, admission to MBBS course was offered at the RIMS to 90 students. In June last year, the MCI had approved increasing the number of MBBS seats at the RIMS. But only one year later, the RIMS's capability to teach MBBS to 150 students was challenged.\"People with vested interests had provided some misinformation to MCI investigators after which they had threatened to cut down the number of seats,\" said the RIMS director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13653811", "title": "Speed governors made mandatory", "text": "PUNE: The state government has made it mandatory for commercial and contract vehicles to install speed governors to keep a check on overspeeding and thereby reduce the chance of fatal accidents.A timetable for implementation of the rule has been set. For goods vehicles with national permits, installation of speed governors will be made compulsory from November 1. For contract and private service vehicles, it will be mandatory from September 1 and for tankers and dumpers, the speed governors will have to be in place by July 1. The implementation for school buses has already begun from May 1.A speed governor is an electronic device used to measure and regulate the speed of a machine.In this way, instances of overspeeding, which often lead to fatalities, can be checked with the device, said an RTO official. The speed governor will compel drivers to follow the stipulated speed limits.The official said that vehicle owners were expected to get the speed governor kit fitted from an authorized dealer before the vehicle is inspected by the Regional Transport Office (RTO). The RTO will check the kit on various parameters and put a seal on it.The government has excluded rickshaws, meter cabs, two-wheelers, taxis and private cars from the list of vehicles that are expected to install speed governors.\"The RTO undertakes drives to make drivers aware of the traffic rules and the importance of following them, especially on the highways,\" said the RTO official. \"We ask them to undertake regular vehicle check-ups. Special drives are also undertaken against overloaded vehicles at all the important highways in the district. More than 17,000 vehicles were fined in 2011-12 for overloading,\" he added.RTO officials stressed that drivers should maintain lane discipline, especially on the Pune-Mumbai expressway, as overtaking from the wrong lane increases the chance of accidents. A drive will soon be undertaken along with the highway police against erring drivers on the expressway and other major roads, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651008", "title": "Petition seeks review of SC order favouring Lt Gen Bikram Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days before Lt Gen Bikram Singh takes over as Army chief, former Navy chief L Ramdas and others on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court seeking review of its order dismissing their PIL, which had challenged the Centre's decision to name him as Gen V K Singh's successor.On April 23, a bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale had perused Lt Gen Bikram Singh's file cleared by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) and said his appointment as the next Army chief suffered no discrepancy.When attorney general G E Vahanvati and solicitor general R F Nariman repeatedly argued that it was a petition aimed at reopening the date of birth issue pertaining to Gen V K Singh, the bench had said, \"There is no question of indirectly reopening the Army chief's date of birth issue which has attained finality. Directly or indirectly, the matter relating to the DoB of the Army chief cannot be reopened.\"But the review petition filed by Ramdas, former chief election commissioner N Gopalaswami and others put up a strong ground by making a startling allegation that the government had doctored the ACC file before showing it to the court to convince it on the decision favouring Lt Gen Bikram Singh.Their counsel Kamini Jaiswal said though the government had told the court that the allegations against Lt Gen Singh relating to the misconduct of the Indian contingent in Congo under a UN mission and the alleged fake encounter in J&K; in 2001 were considered by the ACC, it actually could not have been.For, the ACC file clearing Lt Gen Singh's appointment as the next Chief of Army Staff was dated March 3 while the Congo incident was officially recorded in the file on April 13 and the counter affidavit absolving Lt Gen Singh was filed before the J&K; High Court on March 23, she said.\"That is why the ACC file shown to apex court contained a page 15A, which was not in existence when the ACC headed by the prime minister considered appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief. The normal numbering of a file is 14, 15 and 16. So, how does page 15A come into the file,\" the petitioners asked.But it can hardly come in the way of Lt Gen Singh taking over as Army chief on May 31 as the review petition will be considered by the same bench in the chamber, that too without the presence of advocates or law officers, when it is first taken up for judicial scrutiny.If the bench gets convinced by the arguments, it will then direct listing of the matter in open court for hearing. And all this could happen only after July 2 when the court reassembles after summer recess.On April 23, the bench of Justices Lodha and Gokhale had perused the ACC file and said, \"We do not find any discrepancy in the appointment.\"Appearing for petitioners, Jaiswal had repeatedly referred to an alleged plan of succession put in place by former Army chief Gen J J Singh because of which the correction of date of birth of Gen V K Singh was denied. Gen V K Singh's request for correction of his year of birth from 1950 to 1951 was denied by the government and the Supreme Court.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "13654970", "title": "Taliban may get Afridi killed in jail, warns ISI", "text": "PESHAWAR: Pakistan's spy agency, ISI, has warned of a threat to the life of Dr Shakeel Afridi, sentenced to 33 years in jail by a tribal court for helping CIA hunt down Osama bin Laden . Intelligence sources said, Taliban may storm Peshawar Central Jail, where he is lodged, and abduct him or use a prison inmate to kill him.With the US expressing outrage over Afridi's imprisonment and a terror attack imminent on Peshawar jail, Pakistani authorities are hammering out a plan to airlift Afridi to a fortified prison in Punjab province. \"A fool-proof security plan has been laid out to shift the doctor. No time-frame has been finalized for security reasons,\" an official said.The spy agency said Pakistani Taliban or al-Qaida is plotting a jailbreak to take out Afridi and hand him over to the gang lords or he may be killed in the barracks as most inmates are hostile towards him. The CM of Khyber Pakhtunkwa province Amir Haider Hoti has also been briefed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13652270", "title": "HD Kote school gets 100% results", "text": "MYSORE: Viveka School of Excellence (VSOE), the only CBSE-recognized school in HD Kote taluk of Mysore district and a unit of Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement, secured 100% result in CBSE Class 10 exams, the results of which were announced recently.The school was started in 2002, and its first batch was out this year. All 29 students of the batch have managed to pass the exams. Of them, six students have secured over CGPA 9 (Cumulative Grade Point Average). Triveni of Katwal village in HD Kote taluk stood first in the school by securing 9.6 CGPA. She has scored CGPA 10 in Kannada, mathematics and science. Three more students too have scored CGPA 10 in Kannada and mathematics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651686", "title": "Flying high, but not too far", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 2009-10, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel (SVP) International Airport was among the country's fastest growing with foreign passenger traffic seeing a year-on-year growth of more than 20 per cent. Today, almost two years after the airport got a Rs 350-crore swanky makeover, it has seen one of the sharpest dips in the number of foreign passengers.The city's SVP international airport has hit an air pocket in 2011-12 as it keeps longing for new international flights. In stark contrast, domestic passenger traffic continued to grow. All private airlines did good business at the Ahmedabad airport last year and will soon add additional flights to meet the demand.But what no one is able to explain is the sorry picture for international flights. \"Hardly any aircraft went empty when international flights to the US and the UK were introduced from Ahmedabad after 2007. Even the incoming traffic was healthy. But in a span of two years, Air India and Jet Airways shut down international operations,\" said an Ahmedabad airport official.Officials add that most travelers from Gujarat are now taking international flights from Mumbai and Delhi. Even those flying to Gujarat are forced to land at the metros and then fly into the state.Ahmedabad airport got a new international terminal with advanced facilities in 2010. However, since then only Fly Dubai is the new international airline to announce operations from here. Currently Emirates, Singapore Airlines, Air Arabia, Qatar Airways operate direct flight to Doha, Dubai, Sharjah and Singapore. Air India connects Ahmedabad to Newark and Chicago via Mumbai and Delhi.\"After it went for an overhaul last year, even the super jumbo Airbus 380 can land at Ahmedabad airport. But only a few airlines use the international terminal now. Air India uses it for its domestic operations. Connectivity to the Middle-East is impressive, but Ahmedabad remains disconnected from rest of the world,\" said a senior Airports Authority of India (AAI) official.Airline officials add that if passenger traffic has seen a jump, it is because the number of tourists and business travelers to Ahmedabad has increased manifold.\"Such is the increase in domestic flyers that we are mulling creating additional space at the domestic terminal which can accommodate 800 passengers currently. We are working on a plan to shift some shops inside the domestic terminal to the first floor to create space,\" said an airport official.\"Each season, more domestic flights are added to the Ahmedabad airport. But permission for international airlines takes time, but we expect some new flights soon,\" said Ahmedabad airport director R K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "13655773", "title": "Mild tremors in Prakasam", "text": "ONGOLE: Mild tremors were felt in several villages in Prakasam district on Tuesday. People ran out of their houses after the earth started shaking around 11.34 am. Tehsildars of Tallur and Mundlamur mandals brought the issue to the notice of the district collector. However, no loss was reported anywhere because of the tremors.The tremors were felt at Kothapalem, Vithalapuram, Toorpu Gangavaram, Machavaram, Ramachandrapuram, Nagambhotlavaripalem of Tallur mandal and Vempadu, Polavaram and Mundlamur of Mundlamur mandal. As the vibrations lasted only a few seconds, the villagers heaved a sigh of relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13651135", "title": "8 detained for trying to stop demolition", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight people, including social activist Medha Patkar, were detained from Sion-Koliwada for trying to stop bulldozers from demolishing a chawl to make way for a Slum Rehabilitation Authority project.Residents claim the BMC had not issued an eviction notice and had no permission to carry out the demolition.Assistant municipal commissioner (F north ward) Sanjay Kurhade said, \"The BMC had issued 80 eviction notices. The residents had appealed in the high court but did not get a stay order. Hence, we went ahead with the demolition.\"\"The BMC did not have permission to demolish any of the rooms. Secondly the police had no right to assault the residents,\" said Patkar of the Ghar Bachao Ghar Banao AndolanThe BMC managed to bring down one room before residents forced them to stop. Kalpesh Shikar, his wife Maveri and mother Jaivanti were detained by the police after they asked BMC officials to show the demolition notice.A minor resident, Frank Fernandes (16), was allegedly thrashed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13651872", "title": "Commuters face tough time as private bus operators go on strike", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A lightning strike by private bus employees on Tuesday gave a hard time to passengers including employees of various firms commuting in and around Alappuzha town.Alappuzha North Police Station circle inspector S Ajay Nath said that the private bus employees went on a lightning strike after a private bus was attacked by a group of people on NH 47 at Thumboli on Tuesday morning.\"On Monday evening, a 10-year-old boy Renji Rejeev was killed when the bicycle he was pillion riding collided with a private bus on Alappuzha-Cherthala coastal road.\"Soon after the accident, the local people vandalised the bus 'Asha Brose' which knocked down the boy. They destroyed the windows, lights, seats and tyres of the bus.\"Following this, all the buses plying on Alappuzha-Cherthala route stopped the service. On Tuesday morning, the buses resumed the service. However, the people again attacked a private bus. Then all the private bus operators cancelled bus services to Alappuzha town,'' he said.\"We have registered a case against 30 people in connection with the incident. Shameer, the driver of the private bus that killed the boy will also be arrested,'' the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13662980", "title": "Army raids Umar Gul's house; arrests his brother", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan Army commandos raided cricketer Umar Gul's house in Peshawar and arrested his brother on charges of harbouring a wanted militant, according to a media report on Wednesday.The fast bowler's brother, Meraj, was arrested with two other men on charges of providing shelter to his uncle, Haji Daly, believed to be an active member of the banned Lashkar-e-Islam, The Express Tribune reported.A local resident told the newspaper that a team of commandos raided the house on Tuesday.Two paramedics, Younas and Shakil, were among those arrested. They were moved to an undisclosed location.An official of the local police station claimed Haji Daly was injured in an operation by armed forces at Bara in Khyber tribal region, and had fled to Peshawar and lived with Meraj for several days before leaving the city.The Khyber Agency is a stronghold of the Lashkar-e-Islam. \"The injured man was brought to Hayatabad Medical Complex with two local paramedics who changed his bandages,\" the official said.The injured man left the hospital without his identity being ascertained, he said.Reports indicated that the two arrested paramedics are employees of a maternity home located adjacent to Gul's house.Gul's family owns the maternity home. However, members of Gul's family declined to comment on the matter. A cousin of Gul confirmed that a raid had been carried out and three people were arrested.Umar Gul's brother Meeraj Gul claimed the raid on the family's clinic was conducted due to a \"misunderstanding\" and that security forces had apologised to him.\"They came here due to a misunderstanding. They said some injured person had come (to the clinic) from Bara (in Khyber Agency),\" Meeraj Gul told a TV news channel.\"But we convinced them that only patients suffering for illnesses like fever are treated here. We cannot treat patients who are (badly hurt) or bleeding heavily,\" he claimed.Meeraj Gul claimed the personnel who conducted the raid later apologised to him.He said one person in plain clothes and several others in uniform had carried out the raid.There was no official word on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13664161", "title": "Birthday boy Allu Sirish excited about Gouravam", "text": "It's Allu Sirish's birthday today and he has been flooded with birthday wishes and congratulatory calls from friends and well wishers in the industry. The young actor is making his debut with a bilingual \"Gauravam\", directed by Radha Mohan. Prakash Raj is producing the movie.Sirish took the opportunity to thank Mega Star Chiranjeevi and family for the opportunity. \"Thank each &amp; every1 of u 4 the birthday wishes and best wishes for Gouravam. I thk my Radhamohan &amp; Prakash Raj garu 4 faith in me. Gouravam is a commercial script that has the power 2 engage &amp; move the viewers. The perfect vehicle 2 launch me in Telugu &amp; Tamil. I thank my Megastar Chiru, Bunny &amp; family 4 giving me this platform. Owe it 2 them always! I know how valuable this opportunity is\", tweeted Sirish. The actor seems to be sparing no effort to ensure that he gives his best in the debut. \"All the heroes from the Mega family have been successful and I hope to continue the tradition. So, I am taking nothing for granted. Been doing my homework &amp; preparation. Hope to live upto whatever is expected of me. :)\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13651271", "title": "MCG chief orders probe as tiles fail the test", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, has ordered an inquiry into officials who had supervised work related to building material used in construction on the premises of the police commissioner's office, according to a source.Earlier the MCG had received a specific complaint about the inferior quality of interlocking tiles placed just outside the police commissioner's office in April this year. The commissioner had ordered that the material be tested and the sample failed the test. (TOI has a copy of the test report).Once again the nexus between the MCG engineers and the contractors has been exposed.According to the sources, the work was carried out under the supervision of executive engineer Rajesh Bansal. \"These tiles were of 100mm thickness each and the work was carried out by a contracting agency, Balyali Shiva Cooperative Society. However, the material used was substandard and started crumbling. Therefore in April, it was decided that a sample would be taken in the presence of Rajesh Bansal and the contractor and sent to the Shriram Institute for Industrial Research to check whether or not the material used was of good quality. The test results came last week and the report clearly says that the sample has failed because the material used was of inferior quality,\" said an official.The official said, \"The commissioner has also directed that no payments are to be issued (if any are due at all) to the contractor. This is perhaps the first time that it has been proven with evidence that the engineers indulge in corrupt practices in collusion with contractors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652880", "title": "Parliamentary panel visits Lucknow Junction", "text": "LUCKNOW: The revival of Gomtinagar station as a terminal and problem of pests in the trains were some of the issues, which figured prominently in the meeting of the parliamentary standing committee with railway officers. The committee which had representation of MPs also brought up the demands for construction of railway-over-bridges (RoBs) at the crowded sites, like Kukrail.The committee visited the Lucknow Junction station on Tuesday.TR Baalu, chairman of the committee was accompanied by seven Lok Sabha and three Rajya Sabha MPs. The panel evaluated the Junction for passenger amenities and safety. The members also met railway officers including divisional railway managers from both NR and NER.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13651138", "title": "MEd online application form for entrance test", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University is conducting entrance tests for admission to MEd courses, MEd (regular) for Department of Education, Colleges of Education, situated in Chandigarh and Punjab, affiliated to Panjab University, Chandigarh; and also for MEd (two year correspondence course for in-service teachers).Around 1,600 candidates have already registered online and applications are invited from students who have completed their BEd by May 31, 2012.According to university officials, the last date for submission of information on the website to generate the bank challan is June 9 and for depositing fee in any branch of State Bank of India using website generated challan is June 12, 2012. The last date for submission of fee details (journal no., branch code and date of deposit given by bank) and uploading of photograph, signature with rest of the information on the website is June 14.The entrance test will be held on Sunday, July 15, 2012 at Chandigarh centres only. The prospectus (including application form) is available online on Panjab University website http://medadmissions.puchd.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670092", "title": "Mammotty and Mohanlal are friends again !", "text": "Mollywood's superstars have finally let bygones be bygones. Mammootty will now feature in the promo of Mohanlal's newest film Spirits, boosting the marketing fortunes of the film. Spirits , which was scheduled for release in the first week of June, is now delayed by 10 days to accommodate the promo shoot, a source close to director Renjith said. \"This delay is because Mammootty is currently holidaying in Europe and is expected to be back in Thiruvananthapuram, early next month. Once he returns, he will do the promo to promote Mohanlal's film, which fights the use of alcohol,\" said the source, who didn't wish to be named.Renjith and Mohanlal have come together for a movie after five years. The last film the did together was Rock N' Roll (2007), which bombed at the box office. Initially, Renjith had zeroed in on Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and state Excise Minister K Babu to do the promo, but later he decided to go for Mammootty , for obvious marketing reasons. Moreover, Mammootty , who made a 40-second film Say No to Drinks; Say No to Drugs as part of a campaign by the excise department last year, has gone on record saying that he would try to avoid doing film scenes intended to promote the use of liquor and drugs. Mammootty and Renjith have earlier worked together in films like Pranchiyetan and The Saint (2010) and Palerimanikyam Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha (2009), which have kept Mammootty's flag flying high.Source: www.bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13654213", "title": "7 get bail as CBI fails to file Adarsh charges", "text": "MUMBAI: A special court on Tuesday granted bail to seven of the nine arrested accused in the Adarsh scam since the CBI has failed to file a chargesheet within the stipulated 60 days from the time it took them in custody.Special CBI judge M V Kulkarni granted bail to Maj Gen (retd) A R Kumar, Maj Gen (retd) T K Kaul, Brig (retd) M M Wanchu, former collector Pradeep Vyas, former sub-divisional superintendent of the defence estate office R C Thakur (one of the main promoters of the Adarsh housing society), former deputy secretary of the state urban development department P V Deshmukh and former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani (the chief promoter of Adarsh). The bail was granted to each of the accused on a cash surety of Rs 5 lakh and one or two personal sureties of an equal amount. They have been directed to attend the CBI office every Tuesday and Thursday between 10 am and 12 pm. The court also told the accused to deposit their passports and not tamper with evidence.All except Gidwani and Wanchu walked out from Arthur Road Jail at 7pm. They looked visibly relieved after two months behind bars. Gidwani , in hospital undergoing eye treatment, said, \"I am happy justice has been done. I was expecting a favourable order . There are many ups and downs in life and we have to just take it in our stride.\"Wanchu was not released as his cash bail is still to be furnished . Two more accused, former civic chief Jairaj Phatak and former state information commissioner Ramanand Tiwari, are still in jail. Their bail applications will be filed on Monday as they are yet to complete 60 days in custody, their lawyers said. The two were arrested on April 3; those granted bail on Tuesday were arrested on March 20 and 21.The set of seven had filed for bail on May 21 under section 167(2) of the CrPC. Vyas's lawyer Swapna Kode said the bail was on a technical ground; under the section concerned, an investigating agency must file a chargesheet within 60 days of making an arrest; if it is unable to do so, it can seek an extension. In its reply to the bail applications, the CBI told the court that it was investigating to see if two IPC sections-409 , criminal breach of trust by public servant or by banker, merchant or agent; and 467, forgery of valuable security-could be added to the existing charges against the accused. If the sections are added, the time limit for filing the chargesheet would extend by 30 days. The maximum punishment under the sections is life imprisonment.While dictating the order, Judge Kulkarni said, \"This court is not dwelling on the question of the title of the land. The court is looking into the offence that involves conspiracy , abetment and misuse of official position... How an offence is committed under IPC sections 409 and 467 has not been satisfactorily explained by the CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13653673", "title": "Noted writer Solai dies at 80", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran journalist and leftist writer Ayyampalayam Somasundaram better known as 'Solai' died at his suburban residence on Tuesday. He was 80 and had been battling cancer for the past one month, family sources said.Solai was active in the media field for more than 50 years and was associated with cine idol and ADMK leader M G Ramachandran . Regarded as a powerful political columnist who influenced state policy, he wrote for several publications including Navasakthi, Janasakthi and Anna. He was associated at various times with AIADMK general secretary J Jayalalithaa and DMK chief M Karunanidhi . He published a book on DMK treasurer M K Stalin recently entitled \"Stalin- A Journalist's View\". He wrote several articles in a weekly magazine hailing Stalin as a promising leader of the DMK. VCK had honoured him with an award last year.Family sources said he was diagnosed with cancer about one month ago and admitted in a private hospital in Tambaram. His condition began deteriorating on Monday night. Doctors asked the family to take him home on Tuesday.Stalin visited the writer's residence to express his condolences. VCK leader Thol Thirumavalam has also conveyed his condolences. The funeral would be held on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13651410", "title": "Districts make a clean sweep", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Board of Secondary Education on Tuesday came out with the results of this year's Madhyamik Pariksha and the scorecard paints a bleak picture of the students from the city, with only five managing to feature on the top 50 list. None of them, however, managed to secure a rank in top 20. Patha Bhavan School's Ankita Mondal was the topper in the city, who ranked 22nd in the state.\"This only proves that city students are inattentive and have exposure to more entertainment than their counterparts from districts. They are less focused. Or else, there is no justification why city students failed to perform well despite enjoying the best facilities,\" said the headmaster of a city school.Suharto Mallick from Chandernagore Sri Aurobindo Vidyamandir has topped the state with 676 marks. \"The only aim that a Madhyamik student should have is to manage time. Since it is their first board exam, one should be able to complete answering questions on time, keeping in mind that revision is necessary. It is more important to have concept and knowledge of a subject than memorizing lessons,\" said Suharto, who aspires to become an engineer.Ananya Mondal of Bankura Mission Girls' High School is the only girl to make it to the top 10 with a score of 670. The teenager attributes her success to her grandfather, Basudev Mondal. Ananya's favourite subjects are physical science and mathematics. She has managed to achieve a perfect score in both.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee congratulated the toppers and announced that top 20 rankholders of Madhyamik and the HS will be felicitated by the government soon.Speaking on the performance of students in Madhyamik, education minister Bratya Basu said, \"Pass percentage has increased this year and so has the number of examinees. This is of immense significance. I would like to congratulate all those who have succeeded in the exam.\"Apart from Ankita, others who feature on the top 50 list from Kolkata are Subhra Shanka Bose of Hare School (37th), Manidipa Pandey of Belghoria Mahakali Girls' High School (47th), Bidhanagar Government High School's Sounak Barik (48th) and Ramkrishna Sarada Mission Sister Nivedita Vidyalaya's Bidisha Bhattacharyya (50th).The success mantra followed by Ankita was her persistent effort to study each and every subject. \"She never neglected any subject, be it history or geography. Many children have a habit of neglecting subjects they do not like. But Ankita was studious. She tried to learn everything with deep concentration,\" said her mother Malobika Mondal. Ankita added, \"I love recitation, dancing and painting. However, I could not attend any classes in these vocations or participate in programmes for the past one month. I would like to pursue medicine.\"The only saving grace for the city is its pass percentage of 87.01, only after East Midnapore, which has the pass percentage of 91.42.There has been a surge in the number of girl candidates in this year's Madhyamik examination. The gender ratio this year was 1,028 female candidates per 1,000 male ones. This year's total number of examinees was 10,07,187, of whom 7,89,006 managed to sail through. At 27,909, life science had the highest number of students who secured AA grade.All examinees from Behrampore central correctional home, Alipore Women's Correctional Home, Presidency Correctional Home, Jalpaiguri Central Correctional Home and Dumdum Central Correctional Home passed this year's examination. The pass percentage of candidates from prisons rose by 0.49%, from 80.57% to 81.06%. This year, 121 visually impaired students passed the examination while 50 hearing impaired examinees emerged successful.Students of Al-Ameen Mission shone yet again in this year's Madhyamik examination. With a cent percent pass record, 16 students scored above 90% while 109 scored above 85%, 340 students above 75%, 394 with 70% plus marks while 435 scored 60% and above. The Mission picks up meritorious students from economically challenged families and provides them quality education. There are more than 20 such schools spanning across various districts in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13666976", "title": "Aditya Mehta aims to break into top 64 in world pro circuit", "text": "MUMBAI: Asian champion Aditya Mehta is aiming to break into the top 64 this season in the world professional snooker circuit and is confident of handling the challenges that future holds for him.\"I'm looking to try and break into the top 64 this season. It's a tough task, but I feel I am up to the challenge with the way I have improved over the last 2 years,\" the 26-year-old Mumbai-based cueist said prior to departing for the United Kingdom.Mehta, ranked 80 currently, has earned a two-year card on the professional circuit along with compatriot Pankaj Advani (quota place for India), the man he beat in the finals of the continental championships earlier this year in Doha.\"It's a great opportunity to carry the momentum from last season. I haven't had two consecutive seasons as a pro before, so it's definitely a better situation. Especially since I have a minimum of two more years,\" said Mehta who became only the second Indian after Yasin Merchant to try his hand on the tough tour in 2008-09.Mehta, who will commence his season in the Wuxi Classic qualifiers, scheduled from June 5-8 at the World Snooker Academy in Sheffield, said he has learnt quite a bit from his earlier stint when asked what went wrong in the first year of the circuit.\"Nothing really went wrong. Over the period of a year, you are bound to have ups and downs. I had some career best moments, but I also had a lean period around December, which cost me. And I lost some really close matches which could have easily gone my way. But I came back stronger and finished the season well.\"I have learnt to be patient and really dig in and produce my best in tough situations. My long potting and safety needs to improve during this season and I just have to be consistent. I will try and be a lot more aggressive.Mehta, winner of the individual bronze and a member of the national team that won the silver medal in the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, said he has made significant progress in making his game as error-free as possible.\"I have definitely improved on that aspect which shows in my consistency in India. But it's a constant process and it's all about experience. So the more I play, the more I will learn and improve,\" he said.Mehta said he had concentrated on getting into the habit of winning over the last two months in tournaments he played in India.\"It's really important to get into the habit of winning. That's what I have done in the last 2 months. Winning is all about confidence and belief. I have a good momentum going, so that should help me get off to a good start to the season.\"Saying, currently he has no plans to employ a coach, Mehta said, he would be practising daily for six to seven hours.\"I haven't planned any coaching as yet, but it's definitely something I will need if I want to keep improving. I hope to have a structure in place in a few months.\"It's more about quality of practice. We do about 6-7 hrs daily which is plenty. Now it's about making the most of that time.\"Asked about the challenges that lay ahead, Mehta said there were many good players, who can be tough to beat even from the first round.\"There are so many good players from the first round onwards. Plus, every match you win, you play a higher seed in the next game. So it keeps getting tougher. I am just determined to go out there and do whatever it takes.Mehta said that his game has improved by practising with the Chinese cueists in UK.\"They are constantly getting better and their numbers on the pro tour keep increasing. They have almost 10 on the tour this year. They are a joy to practice with. I owe a lot to them, because I have learnt so much training with them for the last four years,\" he said.The youngster said he has not had the opportunity to discuss his game with senior players like Yasin and billiards ace Geet Sethi.\"I haven't really had the opportunity to do that recently, but Yasin and Geet have been constant sources of inspiration for me and I know I can go to them when I am in need.\"Without a sponsor yet, Mehta is hoping someone is lurking just around the corner to help him in his pro circuit endeavour.\"I hope it's (sponsorship) just around the corner. But I don't have one yet. I can only do my best on the table and hope that it's noticed and appreciated.He promised the Indian cue sports followers that he would do his best every day and try to improve his rankings when asked what the fans can expect from him.\"A lot of entertainment. A lot of improvement. A big push up the rankings. But more than anything, the promise that I will do my very best every day,\" Mehta signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651794", "title": "Bihar School Examination Board results 2012 declared; girls bag top three ranks", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar School Examination Board declared the results of secondary school examination here on Tuesday. The pass percentage was 71%, with girls outnumbering the boys in the list of top 10. Education minister P K Shahi announced the results at a function.Babita Devi of Dhanushdhari Sarvodaya High School, Bihta, stood first in the examination while the second and third positions were also wrested by girls. Preeti Soni and Radha Kumari Verma of the N C S Girls High School, Ara, stood second and third respectively. Robin Kumar of Raj High school, Bettiah, and Alok Kumar of Gandhi Inter School, Nawada, were joint fourth in the list of top 10. As many as 18 girls and boys figured in top 10, of whom 11 are girls and seven are boys.However, the percentage of girls failing in the examination was 32.31% compared to 25.53% for boys.The examinees securing first division were 17.59%, second division 37.06% and third division 16.36%. Shahi said the improvement recorded in examination results this year was due to changing environment in the field of education.The percentage of students securing first division rose to 17.59% this year as against 15.56% last year, while 71.03% examinees passed the examination as against 67.21% last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652865", "title": "Panel to probe Budaun rape case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's directions for severe action against those involved in the rape of a minor girl by a civilian inside a police outpost in Budaun district, the entire staff of the Lalpul police outpost and inspector incharge of the Kotwali city police station were suspended on Tuesday morning.An additional superintendent of police rank officer has been deputed to investigate the case.The action came after the Inspector general of police Bareilly Zone, DS Chauhan himself rushed to Budaun on Tuesday morning for a first hand stock of the entire incident.The chief minister has also directed the director general of police (DGP) to ensure stringent action against the accused involved in murder of an entire family of six persons in Etawah district during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. Inquiry has been ordered in both the cases, reports of which are to be submitted with the government within the next three days.In the custody rape case, the IG Bareilly rushed to Budaun shortly after the CM directives were issued and visited the scene of crime - the Lalpul police outpost where the girl was raped during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday.Thereafter, he went through the specifics of the FIR lodged in connection with the rape and related statements of the victim, witnesses and accused. Chauhan then spoke to the victim and her grandfather at length to confirm if appropriate action has been initiated in the case.He also assured them full security in case of pressures from the accused or their cohorts anytime in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13649662", "title": "Aradhya Sethia of Jaora secures AIR-9 in Common Law Admission Test", "text": "BHOPAL: A teenager from a small town made the state proud by securing All India rank 9 in the Common Law Admission Test ( CLAT). After passing class X examination, Aradhya Sethia of Jaora town in Ratlam district, had moved to New Delhi for further studies.\"My hard work and dedication bore fruitful result in the first attempt. I am on the cloud nine as CBSE results, too, were up to my expectations.\"He now aims to join country's best law college NLSIU, Bangalore to pursue legal studies.He has also done well in CBSE XII by securing 91.4%, the result for which was announced on Monday. Aradhya secured AIR 6 in All India Law Entrance Test (AILET), the result for which was declared on May 18. He has a special interest in social work and would like to use his acumen for the well-being of the society. \"I was expecting good results. I remained calm, cool and did not get panicky. This helped me achieve the desired results.\"As for his success mantra, he said he did not think much of result. \"I just worked hard. I moved out of the small town and stayed away from the family to study with passion. It was my keen interest in the subject that helped me achieve the success\" said Sethia before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651815", "title": "Probe against Mani widened", "text": "KOCHI: In a significant development, Kerala police on Tuesday broadened the investigation into the case against CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani by including another batch of police officials to the special team formed to inquire into the \"political murders\" that took place in Idukki district during the 1980s.Ernakulam range inspector general K Padmakumar, who will coordinate the activities of the team, told TOI that the strength of SIT was increased to 15 by including more circle inspectors and sub inspectors.\"We have added more members to the team considering the quantum of field enquiry required to collect statements and evidences in the political murder cases reported in Idukki during the last 30 years,\" Padmakumar said after conducting a meeting with the respective police officials at Thodupuzha on Tuesday.\"Four small teams will be formed with in the special team to collect statements from the families and witnesses in connection with the murder cases. After collecting statements, the team will prepare a list of cases that need to be reinvestigated in the light of the statement made by Mani,\" the officer said. Meanwhile, police sources said that Mani will be taken into custody in the next few days for collecting statements from him.Mani, in his speech at a public function on last Friday, had reportedly referred to political murders, mainly three murders that took place in Idukki district - one person was shot, another beaten to death and a third one stabbed - all of them opponents of the CPM.The cases are the murders of Ancherry Baby, a Youth Congress activist, Muttukad Nanappan, a Congress worker and Mullanchirra Mathai, an INTUC worker, which took place between 1982 and 1983. \"We will also look into list of 15 other murders that took place in Idukki district in the last three decades,\" the officials said.Th officials said that other murder cases which will also be analysed by the teams included the killing of I L Naidu, an estate owner in 1991, the killing of Raju Kudapanakunnel and Joy Kondupara in Balanpilla City in 1991, the deaths of Sunny and Valari Kuttachan in 1994, murder of Attukal Ramakrishnan, brother-in-law of IL Naidu in 1995, death of Mathappil Kuttayi in 2001 and murder of panchayat president Balu at Vandiperiyar in 2004.Police officials said that they will be collecting the copies of case dairies of the respective cases from the police stations and the magistrate courts concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13652430", "title": "Two unnatural deaths registered in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have registered two cases of unnatural deaths on Tuesday. One, a Karnataka tourist died to alleged excessive liquor drinking at Kundaim, while in the other case, a youth committed suicide by hanging himself at Shiroda in Ponda.According to police sources, Chandrakant Laxmansa Rangareddy, 35, a resident of Hubli-Karnataka died in Kundaim. Police said the man had visited Goa for sightseeing on Monday; however he consumed excessive liquor on Monday night. On Tuesday, he complained of health problems and was rushed to the primary health centre at Marcaim where doctors declared him 'brought dead'.Sudhakar Vasu Gaonkar, 35, an unmarried man from Karmane-Shiroda in Ponda taluka allegedly hanged himself from a wooden rafter with nylon rope at his residence on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650029", "title": "Bandra teen awaits call to identify \u2018cops\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra police are expected to file a report into the case of six 'policemen' extorting money from a teenager by Wednesday, but till Tuesday night they had not called the youth for an identification parade.Teenager Ronit Kanuga's mother, fashion choreographer Alison Woodham, had filed a complaint with the Bandra police, alleging that six men dressed in police uniforms had landed up at their Chapel Road home early Sunday and accused the family of \"playing loud music at night\". The men rejected Ronit's protestations that he was only holding a dinner for friends, that there was no music, and, importantly, that the friends had left half an hour before. The men went away only after being paid Rs 3,000 by Ronit. On receiving a complaint, the police had ordered a probe whose report was to be filed in three days. \"How will they submit the report when my son is yet to identify those who extorted money from us?\" said Alison, who is worried about the safety of her family. \"It is scary to see how policemen can be bullies.Who does one look to for protection?\" Ronit said: \"How can anyone stop me from calling friends home? It is my private property and I have the right to do what I feel like. I am not disturbing anyone. It was just a dinner and my friends had left almost 30 minutes before the police arrived at my residence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670498", "title": "Khushboo's health woes", "text": "Of late, the God of Health, have not been too kind on Khushboo Thakkar, who essays the character of Honey in Zee TV's Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein.She recently fell ill and had severe digestion problems due to overeating. Her character is that of glutton hence she has to keep munching something all the time during the course of the shoot. There have been many instances when the same scene has to be shot from different angles and she has to munch the same chips and crackers again and again for numerous retakes. Said Khushboo, \"I am a self confessed foodie but if I have to constantly keep munching on something all the time, then it is but obvious that my digestive system will be into overdrive. As if my digestive woes were not enough, I recently slipped on the floor and sprained my ankle. But the production crew was very attentive and came to my rescue to ensure that I spring back on my feet\"The creative team of the show tweaked the storyline to accommodate Khushboo's recent bout of ill health. The story showed that Khushboo had sprained her ankle while jogging. The fact of the matter was, Khushboo had actually sprained her in real life, hence that scene was incorporated so that she can pass off in the show with a cast on her foot. The team is also making Honey munch on healthy snacks like sprouts rather than fried stuff to ensure she does not fall ill again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13652827", "title": "MMC petitioned over monsoon measures", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao mandal of the BJP on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to the chief officer of the Margao municipal council (MMC), J B Bhingui, demanding that preventive measures be taken by the civic body to prevent flooding in the city during the monsoon.Alleging that the MMC has been unsuccessful in undertaking pre-monsoon measures such as cleaning drains to avoid problems of waterlogging and flooding during the monsoon, the BJP pointed out several places in the city-Comba, Tolleband, Malbhat and Khareband-that need immediate attention.The BJP delegation led by its president Chandan Nayak brought to the notice of the chief officer the missing slabs over drains in many places that could prove dangerous to pedestrians during the rains, as also the blocked drains caused by the ongoing work of laying sewerage and underground electricity lines. Further pointing out that underground drains have still not been cleaned up, the BJP workers voiced their concern over the areas getting inundated during the monsoon, with water also entering houses in low-lying areas.\"In some parts of Margao, there are piles of garbage lying near the drainages and nullahs. There is a chance of heavy flooding and an epidemic if these are not cleaned. Many streets in Margao are overflowing with garbage. The dustbins are continuously overflowing and the rubbish lying on the road creates a bad atmosphere in the locality,\" the memorandum pointed out.The BJP delegation also urged the MMC to identify potential mosquito breeding sites and undertake anti-larval measures like spraying/fogging of insecticides.With a view to sensitize slum dwellers on hygiene and sanitation, the BJP requested the MMC to work on the \"slum adoption scheme\" in places like Moti Dongor in Aquem and Azad Nagari near the Konkan Railway station, \"to spread awareness and encourage them to use dustbins and a proper hygienic system for their healthy living.\"Rupesh Mahatme, Sharmad Raiturcar, Devidas Borkar, were among those who were a part of the delegation.Bhingui, while assuring the delegation of taking prompt action on most of the suggestions, instructed the technical team of the MMC to identify the sites that need urgent attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650655", "title": "?Auto, BMC unions won\u2019t support bandh", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sharad Rao-led Hind Mazdoor Sabha, comprising Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, BEST Workers' Union, Municipal Mazdoor Union and Mumbai Hawker's Union, will not lend support to the proposed May 31 bandh against the petrol price hike.Rao said: \"The strike call has been given for political reasons. Will these parties roll back the price hike if they come to power?\"Meanwhile, the opposition urged people to come out in large numbers and support the bandh call.The state BJP, along with the Shiv Sena and the RPI, assured that essential services, including suburban train services, would not be affected. The concern over school and college examinations would also be addressed, the parties said.The BJP, meanwhile, reportedly urged MNS chief Raj Thackeray to support the bandh even as the Shiv Sena asked its shakhas to prepare for the shutdown, sources said. The Sena is also also sent feelers to the NCP. \"The NCP can distance itself from the Congress on the issue by backing the bandh,'' said a Sena leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651645", "title": "Collegians held for stealing 14 laptops, 32 cellphones", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two collegians of the city were arrested by crime branch for stealing laptops. While one of the two was funding his education after failing twice in his exams, the other had joined him in the burglaries for quick money.A team of city crime branch officials on Monday night arrested the two youths from Helmet crossroads. The youths have been booked for stealing and selling a total of 14 laptops and 32 mobile phones over a period of one year. The duo confessed that they used to befriend college hostel residents and students staying as paying guests at various flats in western parts of the city and used to steal the valuables. Police have recovered the stolen gadgets on Tuesday.A team led by inspector BP Roziya was on a checking drive near Helmet crossroads in Memnagar on Monday when they got a tip-off that two youths were finding buyers for laptops. Working on the information, a team visited the spot and rounded up two youths matching the description.Search of their belongings fetched two laptops worth Rs 30,000 each and two mobile phones worth Rs 4,500. The duo was arrested from the spot.They were identified as 23-year-old Mehul Gajera, a resident of Bhaikakanagar, Thaltej and native of Una in Junagadh district; and 21-year-old Manish Hadiya, a resident of India Colony, Bopal and native of Rajula in Amreli district.\"Gajera has been living in the city for past five years as a paying guest and is studying in third year of BSc at RG Science College in Vasna. He had failed two times in the past and had not gone home. At that time, he had started targeting his friends and acquaintances at flats and hostel rooms and stole their mobile phones and laptops. He found a partner in Hadiya, a student of diploma in pharmacy (DPharm) at the same college,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13662545", "title": "Dharun Ravi apologises publicly in webcam spying case", "text": "NEW YORK: Indian student Dharun Ravi , convicted of spying on his gay roommate who later committed suicide, has publicly apologised for the first time for his \"insensitive and immature\" actions, saying he will surrender this week to begin his month long jail term.Ravi said he regretted his \"stupid and childish\" choices when he set up a webcam to view the sexual encounter of his roommate Tyler Clementi with another man on two occasions in September 2010 but said he did not act out of hatred.\"I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless, insensitive, immature, stupid and childish choices... My behavior and actions, which at no time were motivated by hate, bigotry, prejudice or desire to hurt, humiliate or embarrass anyone, were nonetheless the wrong choices and decisions.\"I apologize to everyone affected by those choices,\" 20-year-old Ravi said in a statement released by his lawyer Steven Altman yesterday.The apology by Ravi is the first time the former Rutgers University student has publicly said sorry for his actions.Ravi had come under sharp criticism for not apologising during his trial for spying on Clementi and then inviting his other friends to view the sexual encounter through a webcam.Judge Glenn Berman of the New Brunswick court, who had sentenced him, had admonished Ravi for not showing any remorse for his \"colossal insensitivity.\"During sentencing, Berman had said, \"I heard this jury say, 'guilty' 288 times?24 questions, 12 jurors. That's the multiplication. I haven't heard you apologize once.\"Clementi's parents too had said expressed sadness that Ravi did not seem apologetic for his actions that led their son to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13666580", "title": "Mahesh Babu resumes shooting for Sukumar's Film", "text": "Prince Mahesh Babu and director Sukumar will start working for the second schedule of their upcoming film. Mahesh has been shooting for quite some time for the multi-starrer film \"Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\", and will now resume the shooting for the second schedule of Sukumar's film. A special house and a colony set has been erected at Saradhi Studios and the director will be filming scenes on Mahesh Babu and other casting from May 31.Kajal Agarwal will play female lead while Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the first time for a Mahesh Babu film. \"Dookudu\" producers Ram Achanta, Gopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara are producing the film under 14 Reels Entertainments banner. This yet to be titled film is scheduled for Sankranthi release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13652228", "title": "Yavatmal residents demand fair anti-encroachment drive", "text": "T O Abraham | tnnYavatmal: The joint efforts of district revenue, public works, police department and Yavatmal Municipal Council to carry out their anti-encroachment drive has become a matter of debate in the city as the administration is allegedly turning a blind eye to the encroachers at a few localities. The public have welcomed the drive but at the same time urged district collector to ensure equality for one and all.The encroachment demolition drive was launched on Saturday and as per the action plan schedule, it would continue till May 31. A few of the encroachers have cooperated with the administration by vacating the encroached spot while others, mostly having political backing, refused to budge thus forcing the demolition team to ply bulldozers over the shops and extension on the frontage. So far, over 500 such encroachments on roads and government land were demolished.Ironically the shops and tea stalls in the vicinity of collector's office, which were removed on the first day, are gradually reappearing on the very spot.A senior citizen Kishor Chordia, while reacting to the drive, dared collector Shravan Hardikar, SP Ranjankumar Sharma and MC chief officer Rajesh Mohite to deploy their bulldozers on the encroachments at the local Gandhi Chowk, Jai Hind Chowk and on the road behind the petrol pumps adjacent to the local ST Bus Station if they are not scared of the bigwigs of the city.Spokesperson of the footpath and petty shop keepers' sanghatana Vinod Kale said that they would welcome the drive if the administration carries it out without any discrimination between the encroachers. He demanded alternative place for their relocation so that their source of income is not snubbed.Road users' rights protection committee chairman Anil Wankhede demanded streamlining the auto rickshaw parking places in the city as every busy square has been encroached by the auto drivers. \"These auto drivers even harass other private vehicle owners by putting up unauthorized boards claiming auto rickshaw stand,\" he said.Chief officer of municipal council Rajesh Mohite said that he would set up special squad which would be given responsibility to keep a vigil over the reappearance of the encroachers. \"The team will report me so that any such attempt could be thwarted immediately,\" Mohite said. He appealed to the public to cooperate with the municipal council to keep the city roads encroachment free.About reappearance of the encroachers in front of his office, collector Hardikar said that he would direct the SDO of Yavatmal Milind Shegaonkar in this regard and he would oversee that there would be no further encroachments. However, he could not answer as to why a few of the encroachers are being protected during the drive.The PWD officials have not started their drive to free the national and state highways from the mighty encroachers who have converted both the sides of the roads as stock yards.Similar exercise was launched in Pusad and Wani on Monday and over 250 encroachments were removed on the very first day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13652220", "title": "Maoist leader Navin Manjhi in police net?", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A joint team of CRPF battallion and Bishnugarh police team arrested a Maoist suspected to be Navin Manjhi alias Banshi, the most wanted Maoist commander of the Jinga zone. He carried a reward of Rs 5 lakh on his head and was involved in more than 100 Naxalite related violence in the state.The Maoist was arrested in the dense Gidhania forest in the Bishnugarh police station of the district.Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj, however, refused to give any details of the arrest at this stage. He neither confirmed nor denied the arrest. \"Operations are still underway and the team conducting it is yet to return. We are still verifying facts.\" said Khamboj.The Jinga zone of the Maoists covers Jhumra hills, Bishnugarh, Hazaribag, Giridih and Bokaro district. Besides Navin, another Maoist Sitaram Manjhi was also arrested by the police team, police sources said.The Hazaribag police have launched a major combing operation with the deployment of large number of security forces in the Bishnugarh, Gorhar, Barkatha police stations of the district which have dense forests. Navin Manjhi had reportedly entered the district along with his group and was planning a major operation against police and security forces.After getting the information that Navin was hiding somewhere in the Gidhania forest located in Bishnugarh, police acted swiftly by sealing all exit points. Police sources said IG, Bokaro zone, Muralilal Meena also interrogated the suspected Maoist who was evading arrest for the past 20 years. He gave the Hazaribag police the slip in Bishnugarh forest in July 2008 near Konar Dam jungle on the border of Hazaribag and Bokaro districts when they were observing martyrs day of their comrade at the dead of night. Police killed his close aide Niranjan Manjhi and four other including two women Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652194", "title": "Charges framed in Kush Katariya murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte framed charges in the Kush Katariya murder case on Tuesday. The court charged Ayush Pugaliya with Indian Penal Code section 302, 364(A) and 201 for murder, kidnapping for ransom and causing disappearance of evidence respectively. Ayush's elder brothers Navin and Nitin were charged with only section 201 of IPC.It is learnt that the court explained the charges to the Pugaliya brothers, accused of being involved in the kidnap and murder of 8-year-old Kush, before he asked them whether they wanted to plead guilty or face trial. The Pugaliyas opted to face the trial in the case.The next hearing is scheduled on June 1 when the prosecution will issue a notice for denial or admission of list of documents annexed to the charge sheet under section 294 of Criminal procedure code. The step is learnt to be undertaken to invite the defence counsel to admit or deny the documents attached to the charge sheet sent by the police in the case before the court. If admitted, then such documents could be used as exhibit in evidence or the same would be required to be examined with the help of a witness.Kush was kidnapped and killed on October 11 last year for a ransom of Rs 2 crore. A case was registered at Nandanvan police station. Ayush was arrested within a couple of days of the incident. His elder brother Navin and Nitin were arrested later after it came to fore that they had extended indirect help to Ayush by disposing off his blood soiled clothes near Kasturchand Park.Additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani represented the prosecution. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who has been roped in by the state government for this case, was not present in the court when the charge was framed.Defense counsel Sudeep Jaiswal too was present in the court. It is learnt that the Pugaliyas were eager to switch to a different lawyer for the rest of the trial. However, Jaiswal said the Pugaliyas were still his clients. \"I will fight for them until they formally communicate their decision to me. Initially, when the entire city was after them I came forward to take up their case. I was criticized by all persons for the decision but I braved those brickbats to appear for Pugaliyas,\" said the president of the district bar association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13652502", "title": "'Voluntary'Bharat bandh tomorrow", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), along with its allies in the NDA, has called for a Bharat bandh on May 31.BJP state vice-president and spokesperson Wilfred Mesquita told mediapersons on Tuesday that the purpose of the bandh is to protest the steep rise in petrol prices, to demand a roll-back in prices and to create awareness among the people about the precarious economic conditions India has been put in by the UPA government. The bandh is also to demand that the government initiate immediate measures to relieve the common man from the burden of inflation.\"We appeal to the people of Goa to ensure the success of this bandh, which should remain voluntary, peaceful and with total participation and cooperation,\" Mesquita said.The bandh will be effective from 6am to 6pm, Mesquita said, adding that all emergency services like hospitals, pharmacies, 108 ambulance service, electricity services and the like will be exempted from the bandh. When asked whether public transport-both private and Kadamba-will be asked to join the bandh, Mesquita said, \"It's up to them. We are not forcing anyone. If they join voluntarily, then public transport will be affected.\"Mesquita added, \"Complete economic mismanagement and turning a blind eye if not encouraging the flight of capital from our country to foreign destinations are the main causes for the present economic disaster. The way this government is mismanaging the economy, the time is not far when even the air we breathe will be taxed by the UPA government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai/khalapur (raigad district)", "code": "13650061", "title": "Over 180 booked for violations after killer accident on e-way", "text": "MUMBAI/KHALAPUR (RAIGAD DISTRICT): The highway police have registered over 180 cases of over-speeding, lane-cutting and other violations since Sunday's Mumbai-Pune e-way mishap, which killed 27 people. The police hope the attitude of speeding will change when the fine goes up 10 times, with a provision of three years' jail. Presently, violators are fined Rs 200.This came as the Khalapur police said on Tuesday that the mishap was probably due to human error and the accused truck driver had not shown remorse.\"The fine is no deterrent. We have written to the state to increase the penalty to Rs 2,000, with a provision to send speedsters to three years in jail. The provision is awaiting Parliament's approval. I hope it gets passed in the next session,\" said Vijay Kamble, director-general of police (highways). The proposal was sent by the state four years ago.Panvel inspector (highway police) P D Waghate said, \"Despite action, people refuse to follow the 80 kmph speed limit. They are not ready to change their mentality and drive at 100 kmph and above. Every year, we register thousands of cases, but after a few days people are back to square one.\"Kamble said nearly 3,500 speeding vehicles are fined every year, while around 1,500 cases of lane-cutting are registered annually. Similarly, he said 200 drivers are booked for reckless/dangerous driving every year. Kamble said after the highway police took over the expressway, accidents had come down considerably. In 2008 there were 649 accidents, which came down to 541 in 2009 and 458 and 412 in 2010 and 2011 respectively.Kamble said around 80% mishaps on highways, including the expressway, are due to human fault, mainly of drivers. An experiment by the police and expressway administration had shown that the difference of time between the two vehicles, one driven at 80 kmph and another at more than 100 kmph, in reaching either ends of the expressway was nine minutes. \"Despite this, people prefer nine minutes and risk their lives,\" said another highway police official.Purchased only two months ago, the fabric-laden truck, headed from Ulhasnagar to Kolhapur, had crashed into two minibuses. The police and RTO officials who checked the damaged vehicles involved in the mishap said there was no problem with the truck.The driver, Somnath Phadtare (25), who was given a two-day police remand by a Khalapur court, has reportedly not shown remorse or owned up to his fault. \"The driver changed his statement a few times. He first said that he was tired due to driving continuously for seven days. He then said he could not see the parked mini-buses in the dark. He has not shown remorse,'' said investigating officer, assistant police inspector D R Pol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651812", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education grading lost in admission", "text": "BANGALORE: As the admission process kicked off for Class XI, the CBSE grading system introduced to minimize cut-throat competition seems to have been defeated. While many schools are going the entrance test way to choose the best, others are disclosing actual marks to enable the process.While students with Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 9 or above are in a win-win situation with preference given to them, those with less than 9 are left with either disclosing their actual marks or excelling in entrance tests.Although most city schools chose to keep mum on the issue of disclosure of actual marks, many say it's being done. \"The whole purpose of grading is defeated. CBSE introduced the system to put a check on unhealthy competition. A child less than 15 years should not be a part of it. Some schools are going ahead and disclosing marks,\" said KP Gopalakrishna, founder principal, National Public School.While disclosure of marks has been kept under cover, entrance tests to admit students in Class XI are being done openly. \"Neither are we disclosing marks nor are we asking students to come up with actual marks for admission in our school. It's instant admission for students with CGPA 10 and CGPA 9, which indicates that the child has scored more than 80%. But since we cannot estimate percentage for those with CGPA below 9, we conduct entrance tests for such students,\" said G Thangadurai, director, Presidency Group of Institutions.While some schools conduct the entrance test after results are declared, some do it even before that as they know the results will not reflect much on marks of students.From CBSE to PUBy opting for a PU college after CBSE, a student can come to know her aggregate percentage. According to a circular issued by the PU department a few months ago, a student seeking admission in a PU college will have to come up with Grade Point (GP), CGPA and aggregate percentage. The CGPA is then multiplied with 9.5, an appropriate multiplier set by CBSE for indicative marks. For example, if a student has a CGPA of 9.4, the indicative marks are 9.4 x 9.5, which equals 89.3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13652188", "title": "Woman goes missing a week after wedding", "text": "RANCHI: She was recently married and coming to her in-law's place for the first time from her home on May 26 after completing the marriage rituals. But she disappeared from the bus stand.Reshma Parveen, a resident of Sisai, Gumla, married Mohd Shafiq Alam of Hindpirhi, Ranchi on May 21 and the couple were coming to Ranchi on a bus. Shafiq said, \"When we reached the ITI bus stand in Ranchi, Reshma asked me to take out our bags from the luggage box. After taking out the luggage I turned around but did not find her anywhere.\"Shafiq's family said the girl had an extra-marital affair and she must have run away with her boyfriend. Mohd Zahruddin, Shafiq's elder brother, said, \"We got to know that Reshma had an affair with the brother of her brother-in-law. She must have called him at the bus stand and ran away with him. Since then, even that boy is missing .\"Shafiq, however, refused comment on the allegation. \"I cannot say anything. Reshma is a very nice girl and I cannot point finger on her character without knowing anything\", he said.An FIR had been lodged with Pandra police station the same day but there is no clue three days after the incident. Officer in charge of Pandra police station K K Jha said, \"We are still working on the case but no clue has been found yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651776", "title": "Waiting for goodies? Housing societies can track progress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Housing societies that have applied for government funding for their infrastructure - like roads, water supply, and street lights - under the Swarnim Gujarat Chief Minister's Urban Development Fund can now track the progress of the work every month.The planning department of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has sent forth a detailed format, using which each zone and every ward office has to report the progress of each work undertaken under the scheme, They will also have to report the progress of the application made by the societies.A detailed program schedule has been sent across various zone offices of the AMC on May 23. A budget of Rs 100 crore has been earmarked for the scheme for private housing societies. The format involves details pertaining to type of request made by the society, monetary contribution by the society, the resolution of the society to participate in the scheme, the contribution from the government for the civic work, an estimated budget for the works, and the agreed tender amount.\"These details can be put on the web and the public can access information regarding the progress of the work. But, first we have to make operational the system - funding and commissioning of work remains a primary concern. A bigger task is the cluster of poor residential areas in the city. Most of them are illegal, the question of whether we can provide these facilities to them is also to be considered,\" says a senior AMC official of the central zone.With the assembly elections scheduled later this year, the state urban development department has announced plans to resurface housing societies' internal roads and install streetlights and drinking-water pipelines on the public-private-partnership model. Under the project, the government will pay 70% of the funds, while the remaining 30% will be shared by AMC and a society which will have to pay only 20%.The societies will be selected on the first-come-first-served basis. Only those societies that submit a resolution adopted by them or have signatures of all members would be considered eligible.In addition, AMC will fund proposals for only conventional street lights. However, if a society wants to install power-saver lights, they can pay extra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13649509", "title": "Nothing wrong in Bengal govt's KKR felicitation: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan , also the state's brand ambassador, on Tuesday said there was \"nothing wrong\" in the grand felicitation organised by the state government for his IPL-V winning team.As Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee organised the fete involving Governor M K Narayanan and spent lavishly on the champions KKR side by giving them golden lockets, many ridiculed the move as it had been organised for a club team.The team members were also showered with gifts from the hosts Cricket Association of Bengal who gifted the 17 members with 10-gram gold chain each including mememtos.Shah Rukh, however, stood by Banerjee and said there was nothing wrong in it.\"There is no harm in being happy and sharing happiness. Nobody should criticise it. It's alright to be happy.\"Let's not be political. It has been done because we all are happy. There is nothing wrong if we bring a bit of happiness to the city of joy,\" he said.Shah Rukh said their celebrations were befitting as they had waited long for the moment.\"It is a humble moment, I must say. For the last four seasons, all the KKR players and our families were moving with a desire to win the cup.\"We had all come from different states - some had come from Mumbai, Gujarat, Delhi - and made this city our home. So we wanted to win the hearts of the Kolkatans. Today, I felt that I had won the heart of Kolkata,\" the actor said.Even Governor Narayanan joined in the celebrations and said, \"Today is the true 'paribartan' (change) that the chief minister had ushered in last year.\"The city had come to standstill in the morning as all the roads led to the Eden Gardens where the team's victory parade beginning from Hazra had culminated via a stop over at the Writer's Building.About one lakh came on streets to cheer for the team as the 67,000 capacity wore a jam-packed look during the one-hour celebration that was no smaller than India's World Cup victory lap at the Wankhede last year.With capacity crowd inside the gates had to be closed as about 30,000 had to wait outside as the programme ended with chaos and mayhem with several injured in the mob-like atmosphere.Knight Riders tasted first success in five outings when they defeated Chennai Super Kings by five wickets in the IPL summit clash on May 27 to be crowned IPL V champions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13654244", "title": "Saffron alliance gears up for nation-wide bandh", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and other National Democratic Alliance (NDA) constituents on Tuesday expressed the apprehension that the Union government was preparing the ground to increase prices of diesel and LPG.Addressing a news conference here, the BJP's district unit president Basavraj Mangrule said that the party and its allies have urged school managements, petrol pump owners and business establishments in the district to join the nation-wide bandh on May 31 called by the NDA constituents to protest against the steep rise in petrol price.He said that the increase in petrol prices and the possible rise in LPG and diesel prices have to be strongly opposed. Petrol prices were not so high in neighbouring countries, he added. \"But the UPA government just seizes an opportunity to increase the petrol price in the name of international market,'' said Mangrule.Shiv Sena's district unit president Ambadas Danve said that even if the Union government effected an increase of Rs 7.5 per litre in petrol price, people in Aurangabad eventually have to pay more because of state taxes. tnn \"Earlier, petrol price was Rs 69 per litre. Now, the people have to pay around Rs 79 per litre. The situation is similar all over the country. After the rise in prices of essential commodities, the increase in petrol price has put tremendous burden on the public,'' he said.Mangrule said that senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde would arrive in Aurangabad on May 31 to lead the NDA allies. \"As part of our preparation for the agitation, we would visit business establishments, educational institutions and petrol and diesel pump owners' association to convince them to join our stir,'' he said. He claimed that the Vyapari Mahasangh, the apex body of traders, has agreed to join the agitation and hoped that petrol and diesel pump owners association too would join hands with them.The leaders who were present at the media briefing included former mayor Bhagwat Karad, corporator Anil Makriye, activists Shirish Boralkar, Dnyanoba Munde and Republican Party of India (Athavale group) leaders Kishor Thorat and Sunil Magre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650919", "title": "Explain delay in informing about death: Cops to hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police will write to Sion hospital, asking it to explain why it took 48 hours to inform them about the death of an unidentified man. The person died due to a head injury an hour after the cops admitted him to the hospital's Intensive Care Unit on Saturday.The deceased was found in an unconscious state on the roadside in Powai late on May 26 when a police patrolling van passed by the spot. \"The man was alive when the police noticed him. He was rushed to Rajawadi hospital. Around 9pm, he was shifted to Sion hospital where he died an hour later. However, the hospital authorities informed us of the death after two days,\" said senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosle.Bhosle said that at present, their prime concern is to track down whereabouts of the deceased's family. There is no identity proof or any documents to trace his family. \"We will ask the hospital to explain the reason for 48 hours' delay to inform about the person's death,\" he said.Dr Sandhya Kamat, dean of Sion Hospital, said they will look into the matter and inform the police. Meanwhile, the police are awaiting the autopsy report to know whether it was an accidental death or a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650704", "title": "Congress MLAs join chorus against CNG hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the government announced its plan to levy value added tax on CNG, MLAs from all parties demanded a roll-back. After the 5% levy, CNG will cost Rs 37.2 , up from Rs 35.45.The protest started as soon as the House met on Tuesday, with BJP MLAs walking out. \"The hike in CNG price is absolutely uncalled for and will affect the common man the most,\" said VK Malhotra, leader of the opposition.Taking the government by surprise, even Congress MLAs demanded a roll-back, arguing that the move could dent the party's image further after its poor showing in the municipal polls.Naseeb Singh, Congress MLA from Vishwas Nagar, said the levy will lead to a hike in auto and bus fares. \"This will add to the burden of the common man who is already combating rising prices of food items,\" Singh said.Congress MP from West Delhi, Mahabal Mishra, also came down to the Vidhan Sabha to discuss the issue with CM Sheila Dikshit. The CM, however, did not make her position clear on the issue. \"Let's see, discussion on the budget is still on,\" she told TOI.Criticizing the budget, former state finance minister and BJP's senior MLA Jagdish Mukhi termed it wasteful as more funds were devoted to the unplanned sector. \"The increase in the budget meant for planned sector is just 5.4%, which is less than the inflation rate. This would lead to wastage of money on avoidable expenses,\" he said.Mukhi also criticized the government for not having constituted a planning board to discuss the budget before it was presented.\"The budget also does not have any mention of rural development or agriculture sector. The actual allocation for the education sector is less than last year's as most of the funds will go into non-planned sector,\" added Mukhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13652145", "title": "Over 100 teakwood trees felled in Navegaon National Park", "text": "Gondia: The local forest officers of Navegaon National Park have badly failed to stop wide-spread felling of trees by teakwood smugglers in villages - Kawalewada, Kalimaati, Zankar Gondi and Jhambhulzari - which are to be rehabilitated in Saundad. While the forest employees are busy shifting the villagers out of the Park area, smugglers are making the most of it.Till date over 100 teakwood trees, more than 50 years old, have been felled. While the state government is making an all out effort to save trees and forest, how such illegal activities go unnoticed is a mystery. Shockingly, all these trees have been cut using big saws. The smugglers burn the branches of these trees and paste the ash on the stumps to make the cutting appear old.Around 162 families are being shifted to Saundad. After receiving compensation, these villagers are not supposed to fell trees in their fields. However, despite receiving compensation as per their demands, villagers are felling trees before leaving for Saundad.On the illegal felling of trees in forest area, Navegaon Band range forest officer GC Yede said that since his staff was engaged in rehabilitation job, they had failed to monitor such illegal activities. Some villagers are cutting trees only from their fields and not the forest area. He admitted of falling short to hands to control thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13651732", "title": "Modi makes light of Lalu's stir threat", "text": "PATNA: \"Lalu has turned old and tired and cannot withstand the pressure of launching an agitation. This is definitely not the age to spearhead an agitation,\" said Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi while reacting to RJD chief Lalu Prasad's announcement on Monday that he would lead an agitation against the NDA government in Bihar.\"Though Lalu claims that he is 65, in reality he is 70,\" Modi said, adding that Lalu had concealed his actual age. \"This is definitely not the age for Lalu to launch an agitation. He can give only statements but can't do anything,\" Modi quipped.Referring to the RJD's national executive meeting, Modi pointed out that the party's three MPs and former CM Rabri Devi skipped the meet. The meet was organized just to avoid the party's 'derecognition' by the Election Commission.The Deputy CM further said that Lalu must make it clear whether he was in opposition or with the ruling UPA government at the Centre. Instead of shedding crocodile tears on the hike in petrol prices, Lalu should come on street like the Left parties and UPA partner Trinamul Congress, Modi suggested.He expressed his inability to reduce the sales tax on petrol, saying Bihar had already reduced the tax from 27% to 24.5%, which is much less compared to neighbouring states like Uttar Pradesh (26.55%) and West Bengal (25%). The Centre had not consulted the states before hiking petrol prices.He said the state government has introduced an innovative scheme under which scholarship amount paid to all SC, ST and EBC students has been almost trebled. \"It is pioneering in the sense that the state government is covering all SC &amp; ST students from class I to X. Backward caste students too would be covered depending upon their economic status,\" Modi said and added that the government was going it mandatory for them to have 60-75% attendance in their respective class. A sum of Rs 1000 crore would be spent per year by the government, which would benefit 1.25 crore students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650141", "title": "Sarojini Nagar market surface parking a mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the past one week, shoppers at the Sarojini Nagar market are having a hard time parking their vehicles. With no attendants at the surface-level parking lots, shoppers as well as traders are parking haphazardly, leading to a traffic mess.New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) had handed over the maintenance of surface-level parking lots at the market to DLF nearly a week ago. DLF is also the private concessionaire for the multilevel parking at the market. But the concessionaire has not made any arrangements to regulate the surface-level parking lots.Cars and two-wheelers are parked in a disorderly manner at the NDMC-authorized surface parking site. The situation gets worse during weekends. On Sunday, Vishwas Tyagi, a government official, had to wait for nearly two hours to retrieve his car from one of the parking lots. \"As there are no parking attendants stationed here, people have no option but to lock their cars and go,\" he said. \"Somebody had parked his car at the entrance of the parking site. Due to this, none of the cars could move out of the parking lot. We had to wait for more than two hours to get our vehicle,'' said Tyagi.Like Tyagi, several shoppers are having a hard time. \"The parking has been made free. But as there is nobody to man the parking area, people park their vehicles wherever they get space. Parking here has become chaotic,\" said a police officer, who was assisting shoppers in getting their vehicles out of the parking lot.On Tuesday, the market association said DLF had deployed its staff in the market, but only to assist vehicles to the multilevel parking. \"They have blocked the main road between Sarojini Nagar market and Babu market. Earlier, people used to park their vehicles on this stretch. But now vehicles entering this stretch are directed towards the multilevel parking lot. Nothing has been done for the surface-level parking lots, which are used by a large number of people, including traders,'' said Pramod Sharma, president of Sarojini Nagar Market Traders Association.NDMC officials blame DLF for the mess. \"It is DLF's responsibility to deploy parking attendants and ensure smooth flow of traffic in the market area,'' said an NDMC official.The Sarojini Nagar Market Traders Association says neither the civic agency nor the private concessionaire is doing anything to address the problem. \"They should discuss the parking problem with the market association. We will help them in streamlining the traffic flow. DLF should have deployed attendants on the day it took charge of the surface-level parking,\" said Sharma.With not many people using the automated multilevel parking lot and no staff to regulate the surface-level parking lots, parking has become a huge problem here. Traders claim often when the information board outside the multilevel parking shows space for 600-plus vehicles, there are long queues outside the parking lot. \"It has been five months, but DLF has not been able to streamline the functioning of the parking lot. On weekends, there are long queues outside the multilevel parking. Last Saturday, the parking lot had space available for 700 vehicles, but still more than 20 cars were queued up outside the parking lot,'' said Rajesh Chopra, a trader.Despite repeated attempts, DLF was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670713", "title": "Thadaiyara Thaakka", "text": "CreditsDirector: Magizh ThirumeniCast: Arun Vijay, Rakul Preet Singh, Mamta MohandasProducer: Dr N S MohanMusic Director: Thaman SRelease Date: 1 Jun 2012SynopsisThadaiyara Thakka is going to be an action-packed commercial movie with comedy and romance. Mamta Mohandas and Rakul Preet Singh will be seen in lead roles. Arun Vijay has also performed some daredevil stunt in this film.Reportedly Bollywood actress Prachi Desai was supposed to be part of the film but she opted out of the project later. The hot chemistry between Arun Vijay and Mamta is going to be a visual treat for Arun Vijay fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13630256", "title": "YRF films returns to Kashmir", "text": "The YRF head is considering the valley for a romantic backdrop to his next directorial starring SRKIn January, we told you how Yash Chopra is planning to bring his fascination with snow back to life in his upcoming Shah Rukh Khan - Katrina Kaif - Anushka Sharma starrer. And now, we have learnt that the filmmaker known for his choice of the most beautiful romantic locales, has decided to explore the Kashmir valley for his project. The last time Yash Chopra shot in Kashmir was for the 1976 blockbuster Kabhi Kabhie, after which he was lured by the Swiss Alps for his later films.YRF films visited Kashmir for a recce. \"People from the production house had come in April to do a recce for their upcoming film shoot. They checked out various places like Pahalgam, Gulmarg, Nishat Bagh, Dal Lake and Char Chinari. They even spoke to various officials to understand the necessary formalities to execute a film shoot here,\" revealed a source from Kashmir.The makers have already shot a major portion of the film at YRF Studios and completed a lengthy schedule in London . However, a part of it is still left.The location hunt in Kashmir has however, given rise to a lot of anticipation among the people of the valley. \"People here have already heard that SRK is going to visit the area tentatively in mid-August. There's a lot of excitement about it,\" said our source from the valley.When contacted, YRF spokesperson confirmed the development and said, \"We are considering Kashmir as an option. However, we have not taken a final decision yet.\"The film is slated for a Diwali release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "13651938", "title": "Fishing ban ends, fishermen hope for a good catch", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Come Wednesday morning, coastal regions of Ramanathapuram and Tuticorin districts will start buzzing with activity again, as thousands of fishermen will venture back into the sea post the 45-day fishing ban. With the ban coming to an end on Tuesday midnight, fishing jetties in the districts wore a busy look with fishermen making final preparations on their boats. With the increase in cost of raw materials, repair work and labour, fishermen are hoping for a good catch after the ban period.Fishermen at Ramanathapuram have estimated a catch of 150 to 200 kilo per boat consisting mainly of prawns, crabs and cuttle fish while fishermen at Tuticorin are hopeful for a good catch of fishes like emperor, grouper, trevally besides cuttle fish and prawns. About 760 boats will venture into the sea from Rameswaram island while 250 comparatively larger boats will set out from Tuticorin fishing harbour.\"We should get a catch worth at least Rs 50,000 to break even as we have spent a fortune on diesel, ice and a labour cost of Rs 2,500 per person. This year, all the costs have gone up and we have spent more than Rs 1.70 lakh for every boat on maintenance, while last year the expenditure was about Rs 1 lakh. Even the charges for pulling a boat to shore for repair work which was Rs 10,000 last year has gone up to Rs 15,000,\" B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association said. \"We are hopeful of a good catch as the winds are favourable and there is general enthusiasm among the fishermen to venture into the sea. But we are also a little scared of the Sri Lankan navy,\" a fishermen busy with preparations work on Tuesday stated. However, C Parthiban, president of the Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association from Tuticorin raised concern about deep sea fishing boats from Kerala operating in the area as the fishing ban was not applicable to them. \"We have raised the issue with the government with no avail as most of the boats here go deep sea fishing,\" he said. The fishermen also expressed their concern on the intense fishing activities by country boats. \"Country boats are much equipped at present with powerful engines and they were fishing exhaustively. We have our apprehensions on a good catch,\" another fisherman with a mechanised boat from Rameswaram said.Fisheries officials said they would start issuing tokens on Wednesday morning and urged fishermen to oblige with all the rules in the sea and not cross the International Maritime Boundary in case of fishermen from Rameswaram. Ramanathapuram district collector, K Nandakumar urged the fishermen not to get into the sea without fishing tokens. \"There is a tendency among fishermen to start by midnight itself and they are asked to leave after collecting the tokens. Violating the rule will bar them from collecting tokens next time,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13650071", "title": "Unhappy patients to shift to Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the accident on the Mumbai-Pune expressway that claimed 27 lives and injured nearly 30, all nine patients admitted to Ashtavinayak hospital in Khanda colony opted to shift to their hometown, Pune, medical director Dr Akshdeep Agarwal confirmed on Tuesday. At Panvel's Panacea hospital, staff were waiting for the arrival of relatives from Pune to shift six kids admitted.With no central body or clear policy to decide which hospitals are well-equipped and economical to handle trauma patients, ambulances take the victims to the nearest private hospital. Non-availability of emergency medical facilities during the golden hour, adds to fatalities, experts said.A prime reason cited by relatives for shifting patients was lack of proper services at the two private hospitals. They alleged that the hospitals did not follow the standard procedure in administering first-aid.When Shamu Shaikh brought his employees Amol More (29), Fayyaz Shaikh (22) and Amir Shaikh (19), all mechanics, to Ashtavinayak hospital, its helpers were missing. \"There were only two beds in the room. I carried the patients and a third bed upstairs. The hospital needs more attentive staff,\" he said.The mechanics, who were repairing the first 17-seater minibus that broke down, sustained severe injuries on their feet. More's wound was bleeding and the bed-sheet was soaked in blood. \"I complained but no one has changed the bed-sheets,\" he said.Both hospitals lacked blood banks too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13651859", "title": "Illegal vendors told to vacate footpath", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The municipality with help of police vacated around 200 footpath vendors doing illegal trade at ML Road and KK Road on Tuesday. However, some vendors returned to ML Road in the afternoon.On TB Road, all the illegal vendors from the District Cooperative Bank to KSRTC Bus Station were removed. While at K K Road, all the footpath vendors from Central Junction towards the eastern side were cleared.The action followed an incident where a pedestrian was hurt on Saturday while walking through the road as the footpath was occupied by vendors. He got jammed between an autorickshaw (which was hit by a KSRTC bus) and the railings of the footpath at TB Road.Municipality had given all the vendors notice on Monday for vacating the footpath after receiving repeated complaints. According to the notice, the shop owners who were using portions of the footpath for their trade must also not display any objects. Police have decided to take severe action on those who return for trade in the footpaths. A special police team is also considered to be set up.In the earlier instances where Municipality had vacated the footpath vendors, they used to return to their places after a few days. Hope this time it won't repeat and pedestrians will get back the footpaths for ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "13653194", "title": "Ex-servicemen to guard Bhagat Phool Singh Women's University", "text": "SONIPAT: The campus of Bhagat Phool Singh (BPS) Women's University has virtually been made fortress, with police and retired armymen taking charge of the security of students, after the incident of gang rape of a first year student of law, about ten days ago.Varsity authorities, who drew flak for lax security inside the campus, have appointed ten retired military personnel to man the entrances of the campus round the clock, along with the existing security staff.The women cops have also been deployed inside the campus to ensure safety and security of students. Vice-chancellor Pankaj Mittal told mediapersons on Tuesday that CCTV cameras were being installed at all important places in the university to keep track of the activities of people visiting as well as working in the university.\"We are also displaying information boards carrying important telephone numbers of district and university administration officials at the girls' hostels and other places in the university to enable the students to contact concerned persons, whenever required,\" she said.The varsity had decided to open a mini market within the university premises where shops like grocery, cafeteria, milk booth, stationary, lamination and photostat and beauty parlours would cater to the needs of students. The varsity has invited tenders from private parties for starting these services inside the campus.The vice-chancellor said that they have taken these steps after consultations with students and would be taking more steps to redress their grievances. \"There will be no need for students to go out for purchase of daily use articles. This arrangement will become operational within a week's time,\" she said, adding that, all the shops would be manned by women only.Mittal said that normalcy has returned in the university campus and that deferred examinations of different classes have resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13649686", "title": "Funds crunch hits power supply", "text": "NOIDA: The power distribution companies in Gautam Budh Nagar have been constantly citing the rising gap between demand and supply for erratic supply in the district, however lack of adequate infrastructure at the disposal of the two discoms in Noida and Greater Noida is more to blame.While the 400KV substation in Pali remains the only source from which both power distribution utilities are drawing electricity at present, two other 400KV projects in the district remain in cold storage due to several reasons, including the land row and lack of funds. The power department fears that further load on the Pali substation - which is set to increase once ongoing residential projects start getting populated - might lead to breakdown and engulf the district in a blackout.Of the 945 MVA power available from the 400KV Pali substation, Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution utility of Greater Noida, draws around 150 MVA, while Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, draws around 800 MVA. \"This puts the substation at a point where there are chances of permanent breakdown and, hence, rostering is the only option available at present,\" said an official of UPPCL. \"However, rostering is not a permanent solution and transmission capacity needs to be increased,\" he added.To increase transmission capacity, two additional 400KV substations have been planned in Sectors 123 and 148 of Noida, while one 132KV substation has been planned in Sector 115. Work is already in progress on upgrading the RC Greens substation in Greater Noida to 220KV, but the progress has been slow.Land for the 400KV substation in Sector 148 has already been registered in the name of UP Power Transmission Corporation (UPPTC) by the Noida Authority and a loan of around Rs 210 crore was sanctioned for it in May 2012 by the Rural Electrification Corporation . Construction work, however, is yet to begin on this project due to delay in possession of land.\"The Authority cites the ongoing land row in the district as the reason for its inability to give us possession of the land. This has delayed construction work and distribution companies are forced to face transmission constraints,\" said an UPPTC official.On the other hand, while possession of land has already been taken over for the other 400KV substation in Sector 123 and also for the 132KV substation in Sector 115, these projects have been mired with paucity of funds. \"For the 132KV substation in Sector 115, the Noida Authority is yet to release around Rs 16 crore, while we are yet to get a loan for the 400KV substation in Sector 123,\" said the UPPTC official.The RC Greens substation, which is being upgraded from 132KV to 220KV by UPPTC, with a funding of over Rs 34 crore from the Greater Noida Authority has missed several deadlines. \"We are witnessing a supply shortfall of around 50 MW due to lack of adequate transmission capacity,\" said an NPCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13652362", "title": "Lover prime accused in girl's gang rape", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Four persons were arrested on Tuesday for their alleged involvement in the gang rape of a Plus II student during Sital Sasthi celebrations near Burla. Police said three other accused, including the victim's boyfriend, are absconding.Police said the girl, a resident of Sonepur district, was having an affair with one Rahul Panigrahi. Though Rahul worked in the students' mess of VSSUT, Burla, he represented himself as an engineering student. He had even promised to marry the girl.The girl's family, however, were opposed to the affair and sent her to their relative's home in Sambalpur. Taking benefit of Sital Sasthi, the girl had phoned Rahul on Friday and the two agreed to go to watch the celebrations at Gohiratikira near Burla.Police said Rahul took her to the house of one Rahul Pradhan at Gohiratikira. The girl's boyfriend and three other persons raped her at the house on Friday and Saturday nights. On Sunday, Rahul had dropped the girl in Sambalpur after requesting her not to disclose the matter to anyone.The victim revealed everything to her father, who rushed to Sambalpur and lodged a complaint with police. \"We have registered a case of gang rape. We have also arrested four persons, including the house owner and his wife Sunita, for abetting the crime,\" said ASP (Sambalpur) Dilip Kumar Deo.Deo added that police had launched a manhunt for the victim's boyfriend and two others identified as Kuldip Siddar and Hari Meher.In a similar crime, a girl was gang raped on the outskirts of Deogarh town during Sital Sasthi festival in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13651070", "title": "Prospectuses of govt colleges likely to face delay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Class XII passouts aspiring to take admission in citya??s government colleges may have to wait longer for prospectuses this time.A complaint has been sent to UT education secretary and director, higher education , by a firm bidding for the college prospectus tender, pointing out anomalies in the process. The objection might hinder the timely printing of prospectuses, sources said.A joint prospectus for all government colleges, which was earlier to be delivered on June 10 by publishers, may now face a delay of a week or more, even as most of the private colleges will soon upload their prospectuses on their respective websites.\"The college purchase committee will place the order shortly and best efforts will be made to get prospectuses ready in time. All decisions are taken collectively by the committee members,\" said J S Raghu, principal of Post-graduate Government College, Sector 11, who is heading the panel. The Sector 11 college is in-charge of the common prospectus process this time.V K Singh, UT education secretary who was out of town, said, \"The process is generally left to the college committee and the administration intervenes only in case of a complaint.\"Earlier, the deadline for publishers for an order of 16,500 forms was 20 days. But, following a meeting on Tuesday, the technical norms for the bid were revised and it was reduced to 15 days.\"We have written a letter to the education secretary and the director, higher education, apprising them of the situation. No reasons were cited after the revision of norms for bidding for the tender,\" said Kapil Dev Khanna, a bidder.Last year, too, such a delay was witnessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13652395", "title": "Naveen Patnaik, Pyarimohan Mohapatra camps' hold separate meets", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: All is not well in the BJD. Party legislators owing allegiance to Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra met him at his Shahid Nagar residence here on Tuesday, even as MLAs said to be close to party president Naveen Patnaik held separate parleys at an undisclosed location in the city.With Naveen away in the UK, the separate meetings sparked off speculation of trouble fomenting within the ruling party. Though no one was willing to go on record, party insiders told TOI that the talks veered round strengthening their \"camps\".The developments come in the wake of a perceived split between Naveen and his chief advisor Pyari. Last week, Pyari had hinted at differences with Naveen. The BJD has 104 MLAs in the 147-member Assembly.When contacted, Mohapatra admitted several party MLAs met him during the day. \"I can't say the number, but more than 35 MLAs met me during the day,\" he said. Asked about the meeting's agenda, the Rajya MP said: \"Since the BJD has called an Odisha bandh on May 31, the discussions centered on how to make it successful. It is obviously party affairs. The current political situation figured during the discussions.\"Cuttack-Choudwar MLA Pravat Ranjan Biswal, one of the participants in the meeting, described Mohapatra as \"BJD's margadarshak (ideologue)\". \"He (Mohapatra) was our leader and will remain so,\" Biswal said, adding, \"We came on the invitation of Pyari babu.\" \"There had been some problems in the party. We will sort them out those,\" Biswal said. Pointing fingers at the pro-Naveen camp, Biswal attributed the \"present crisis\" in the BJD to some \"vested interests\". \"These elements are responsible for the present situation,\" he said. Among those who attended the meeting at Mohapatra's house included ministers Sharada Nayak, Sanjib Sahoo, Anjali Behera abd Badri Narayan Patra.BJD Lok Sabha member Bhartruhari Mahatab expressed anguish over the developments. \"It does not augur well for the BJD\". \"While one group is headed by Pyaribabu, the other is led by members opposed to him. Anyway whatever is happening is going to tell upon the party,\" Mahatab said.Sources said the pro-Naveen camp had kept the CM about the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13651454", "title": "Superstars sparkle at Ambareesh birthday celebration", "text": "BANGALORE: It seemed like all the stars that sparkle in all the filmdoms were there, language no bar. The 60th birthday celebration of Ambareesh was a star-studded affair, reflecting the goodwill enjoyed by the Sandalwood icon among his fraternity.Superstars Rajinikanth and Chiranjeevi were there. As also Telugu cinema's Balakrishna and Mohan Babu. Bollywood registered its presence with Shatrughan Sinha and Suniel Shetty, while Jayaprada lent the glamour quotient. The entire Sandalwood presence was a virtual who's who of the Kannada film industry.Though the programme started as late at 7.30pm, people had begun flocking to the venue at Palace Grounds hours earlier. But entry was strictly prohibited and only those with passes were allowed, leaving an ocean of fans who had come from the nooks and corners of the state disappointed.\"We have come all the way from Mandya to see our favourite actor, but police are not allowing us to even come on to the main road,\" lamented Suresh Gowada, a fan who was stopped by police near Mehkri Circle.Cops divert trafficPolice had put in place elaborate security and traffic arrangements. Chaos prevailed on Bellary Road stretch up to Windsor Manor, forcing police to divert traffic headed into the city towards Malleswaram at Mehkri Circle itself.However, there was not much disruption in traffic bound to Bengaluru International Airport.\"It was a tough task during the first hour, when there was a lot of VIP movement towards the grounds. We had to restrict traffic flow a little during this time; otherwise we made sure the traffic flow was as usual. There were no bottlenecks or long traffic queues reported from anywhere in the vicinity,\" said MA Saleem, additonal commissioner of police (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13651089", "title": "Opening a treasure trove for kids through story-telling, puppetry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For Jai , 8, putting on masks and role-playing others is a favourite pastime which is why even during summer vacations he has opted for a puppetry workshop where he could learn to make a mask of his own and then go about enacting some stories. For children listening to stories is always a source of great joy. Keeping this in mind some story-tellers and puppet-makers in the city are holding special summer workshops. They feel that this art has lost its sheen over the years and holding small duration classes during summer vacations can help popularize it amongst children.In these workshops, children get to create and stage a play using puppets, storytelling and mime. In most of the workshops, the kids will be taught how to make finger, shadow, mask and rod puppets. They will also be told folk tales, stories from Panchtantra and Aesop's Fables.In some of the workshops, preference is given to evolving and not telling stories. \"In our workshop, we like to evolve stories by interacting with children and not force them to hear or act on an old story. This will enhance their imagination and creativity. Moreover, they are also able to give expression to their feelings,\" said Harlen Kohli from CEVA, centre for education and voluntary action, who will be holding a story-making and puppetry workshop in the city.\"These days children are more into television and internet surfing. Hardly any of them know about our traditional tales, so through this workshop we wish to go beyond dance and music and teach them something that is close to our roots, so that they can take away with them some moral values,\" said Kavita Wadhwa, principal, Hallmark School, Panchkula.Talking about how storytelling can help in a child's growth and development, Rajnish Sharma, who will be taking a storytelling workshop in Panchkula said, \"Storytelling can help inspire learning, fire the child's imagination, teach about facial expressions and body language and improve reading skills.\"These workshops quite fit the bill for all those parents who miss sharing stories they grew up listening to.Khushi Singh, a mother of seven-year old twins said, \"With parents busy with their professions, gone are the days of bedtime stories, but through such workshops we can expose the kids to some of the tales that along with providing entertainment , will also instill moral values in them. I try to tell them stories at night but I am myself so tired that I end up yawning rather than telling them stories properly.\"\"Puppets are also a part of our tradition but are difficult to find these days. I had taken both my kids to a puppet show at a fair in Kalagram and they were quite excited to see it, so this time I specially looked for a puppetry workshop in the city,\" enthused Sunita Vardhan, who has an 8-year-old son and a six-year-old daughter.Children above the age 16, who are interested in learning the art of storytelling and clowning can opt for a clowning workshop to be organized in the city. Here they can don a clown nose, wear a mask that will \"unmask you\", improvise, let your body do the talking, sing, dance and tell stories.BOX1) PanchkulaSpecialty: Panchtantra tales and other traditional stories would be shared through puppetsFacilitator: NishaAge group: 2 to 16 yearsFee: Rs 1,930Date: May 28 to June 14Time: 9am to 1pmVenue: Hallmark Public School, Sector-15, Panchkula2) ChandigarhSpecialty: Evolving a story and presenting it through shadow puppetryFacilitator: CEVA membersAge group- 8 -12 yearsFee- Rs 300Date- June 4 to June 9Time- 10am to 12noonVenue- SCO 181-182, Sector 8-C Madhya Marg3) PanchkulaSpecialty: Various stories will be shared with children with a view to instill moral values in themFacilitator: Rajnish SharmaAge group- 3 years onwardsFee- Rs 2,000Date- May 28 to June 24Time- 9.30am to 1pmVenue- DC Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 7, Panchkula4) ChandigarhSpecialty: Create and perform a play in a day using puppets, storytelling and mimeFacilitator: Manjot KhanguraAge group- 5 -7 yrsFee- Rs 2,500Date- May 28 -- June 7 (10 days including Saturday)Time- 12.30pm to 2.30pmVenue- coVeda at New Public School, Sec 18-B, Chandigarh5) PanchkulaSpecialty: Focus will be on dialogue deliveryFacilitator: CEVAAge group- 5-14yearsFees- Rs 1,500Date- May 22 to June 8Time- 9.30am -- 12.30pmVenue- The British School, Panchkula6) ChandigarhSpecialty: Clowning will be taughtFacilitator: Sukhmani KohliAge group- 16 and aboveFee- Rs 2,000Date- May 30 to June 5Time- 6pm to 8.30pmVenue- Guru Harkrishan Public School, Sector 38-D, Chandigarh4) ChandigarhSpecialty: Children would get to learn the art of storytellingFacilitator: Anu ValaAge group: 2.5 years onwardsFee: Rs 3,500 per childDate: May 23 to June 16Time: 10.30am - 1pm (Monday-Friday)Venue: The British School, Sector 44-B, Chandigarh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13670982", "title": "Donate money, get institutes named after beloved in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To upgrade infrastructure in colleges and schools of Punjab, the state government has launched a unique initiatives under which any one who donates a certain amount of money can get name of the educational institute after their close ones.Under the new initiative, a primary school could be named after one's close ones by donating Rs 10 lakh, a middle school by paying Rs 20 lakh and a senior secondary school by shelling out Rs 25 lakh.For renaming a college, one will have to cough up Rs 75 lakh.State Education Minister Sikander Singh Maluka said today that this decision has been taken after considering the requests of a number of NRIs, who want to get educational institutions named at their respective native places, parents or other dear ones and were willing to donate liberally for up-gradation of educational infrastructure.The minister appealed the NRIs to come forward to play a proactive role in up-gradation of education infrastructure in the state and make Punjab a front-runner in the field of education in the country, an official release said here quoting him.Earlier, Maluka today approved the naming of a government high school in Hardokhanpur village in Hoshiarpur as Rukmani Devi Government High School after liberal donation was made by a Toronto-based NRI for the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651125", "title": "EC not to intervene in Jagan Mohan Reddy's case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission on Tuesday decided not to intervene \"with the CBI\" in YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's arrest in a disproportionate assets case as requested by his mother Y S Vijayamma. Jagan was remanded to 14-day judicial custody on Monday.On Monday, his mother and party honorary president Vijayamma wrote to chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi seeking his intervention with the CBI for Jagan's release.On Tuesday, Quraishi chaired a meeting of the three-member EC where the letter was discussed. A top EC official said the poll body could do nothing in the case as the matter was sub judice. The EC wrote to Vijayamma informing her about the poll body's decision to not intervene.In her letter to the EC, Vijayamma wrote, \"The CBI arrested him most undemocratically on 27-5-2012, just 15 days before the by-elections as part of a larger conspiracy to deprive his participation in the elections with the sole objective of helping the ruling Congress candidates. This is SOS from YSR Congress Party.\"On June 12, by-elections to 18 assembly segments and one MP seat will be held in Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13655926", "title": "HC petitioner seeks rollback of petrol hike", "text": "CHENNAI: An advocate belonging to the legal wing of the AIADMK has moved Madras high court seeking a direction to the oil companies to ensure adequate supply of petrol and diesel in all bunks. The petition has also sought a rollback of the petrol price hike.The advocate, R Balasubramanian, described the present fuel squeeze as an 'artificial scarcity' created by oil marketing companies . The matter is likely to be taken up for hearing by a vacation court on Wednesday. The petitioner said he had sent representations to the Union ministry of petroleum and natural gas asking for details such as the overall quantum of fossil fuel required for the country and the break-up of the local production along with the quantum of import . But the ministry did not provide the details, he said. Several layers of taxes, imposed under different heads, added to the burden of the people, Balasubramanian said. Centre had also not replied to a query on duty and taxes levied on fuel, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13653388", "title": "Upper caste youth attack dalit in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A group of upper caste youth allegedly urinated on the face of a dalit vendor after beating him at Mokhra village in Haryana's Rohtak district on Monday night.Ashok Kumar, 22, of the Balmiki community sells eggs for a living. He was beaten up near a liquor shop when he tried to stop five jat youth from stealing his money and snatching away some eggs.When he protested, the youth beat him. He was rescued by some onlookers, who rushed to the spot and tried to settle the dispute. When Kumar left for home about 10pm, the youth again attacked him at an isolated place.\"The men urinated on my face and stole Rs 2,500 from my cart. They also broke my cart before fleeing,\" said Kumar. He was admitted to Rohtak's Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences.Police registered a case for causing hurt, criminal intimidation, attempt to rob, and also under sections of SC/ST Act against the five accused on Tuesday morning.\"We have identified three of the accused while a probe is on to identify the rest. Police are raiding the hideouts of the suspects,\" said Meham DSP Prithvi Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13652261", "title": "NU kept us in dark, say BoE members", "text": "NAGPUR: In a new development to BCCA paper leak episode first exposed by TOI on April 22, the Nagpur University Board of Examinations (BoE) has accused vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and his team of trying to hush up the matter.\"We were kept in dark about the communication between VC and chancellor's office on the leak. We were not aware if the VC had submitted the report to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan as demanded by him,\" some members told TOI on condition of anonymity. The NU's PRO office could not be contacted for the second day in a row as senior officials were on leave.The members raised a strong objection on Sapkal's tour to Germany from next week stating that when the NU was facing one of its worst crisis, its head was going on a vacation. \"In its police complaint at Sitabuldi police station on April 23, Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane had stated that the NU administration can't adopt a casual or careless approach in the paper leak matter. But, after that many papers have leaked, though accidentally, and many goof-ups too have taken place. The administration is still to wake up to realities,\" the members added.They also pointed out to Tuesday's episode where NU cancelled a LLB (3-year) paper in its series of such blunders.The members, who now plan to corner the administration over paper leak and other issues during Wednesday's BoE meet, stated that NU had already faced a trauma of the infamous Kohchade scam in 1999 which had severely dented its image in India and abroad. The students were the worst sufferers as they were deemed unworthy and unfit for employment.\"In such circumstances, the entire paper leak episode should be thoroughly investigated by NU's administration which has the expertise in such issues rather than depending on the police probe. NU must also reschedule the BCCA exam to lend some credibility to its system,\" the members demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "13652658", "title": "Duper 'NRI' bride strips 5 of crores", "text": "FEROZEPUR: A 30-year-old woman from Tarn Taran, who pretended to be an NRI looking for a handsome Punjabi groom, duped five men into marriage and stripped them of their money with the promise of making their Canada dreams come true. Emboldened by their silence, she continued her swindling ways and ended up making a neat sum of Rs 5 crore before her arrest here on Tuesday.Rajwinder Kaur was arrested on the complaint of her last husband Kulwinder Singh of Kotwal village, who accused her of conning him and his relatives. Her brother Hardial Singh, a resident of Gaddiwind village in Tarn Taran district, and Jagsir Singh alias Satnam Singh of Ageti village in Patiala district, have also been nabbed.According to Ferozepur range DIG Paramraj Umranangal, Rajwinder pretended to be a Canada-based NRI and had taken Rs 10 lakh from Kulwinder for helping him go abroad. After marrying him, she took around Rs 5 crore from his friends and other relatives, saying that she could help them get Canadian citizenship. However, she took them to Thailand and deserted them there.Police recovered Rs 19.5 lakh in Indian currency, some foreign currency, gold jewellery, fake passports in different names, ATM cards and three mobile phones from Rajwinder's possession. Preliminary investigations revealed that her close relatives were instrumental in introducing her to Kulwinder.Several cases have been reported against Rajwinder, including one at Hargobind police station under Batala for duping Rs 6 lakh in 2005; at Thana Ramdas for duping Rs 3.20 lakh in 2006; at police station Kotkapura in Faridkot district for duping 3.20 lakh in 2007; at Thana Gobindwal for duping Rs 5 lakh in 2008; Rs 12 lakh from Samana in 2009; at Thana Sadar in Kotkapura for duping in 2010; and at Thana Badnikalan under Moga for duping Rs 28 lakh in the year 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13652231", "title": "Manipur rebel caught in Gopalpur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: National Investigation Agency (NIA) personnel have arrested a leader of People's Liberation Army (PLA), a banned Manipuri insurgent outfit, from Gopalpur-on-Sea, police said on Tuesday.Police said Ibotombi Asem (43) alias Angou, a self-styled captain in the PLA, was arrested in connection with a case pending against him in Guwahati, Assam , since 2011. The NIA personnel also seized a number of mobile phones, SIM cards, a laptop, ATM cards, pen-drives, memory cards and a hard disk during the arrest on Monday evening.The central agency took Asem in transit remand for five days after producing him in a Berhampur court on Monday night.Police sources said Asem, a resident of Nameirakpam Leikai in Manipur's Imphal West district, was suspected to be the chief of external affairs division of the PLA. He had joined the insurgent outfit in 1993. The sources said Asem's arrest came after NIA received a tip off that the insurgent had returned to India on May 24 after spending 15 days in Myanmar .He frequently visited Gopalpur as his wife has been working in the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) office there for the past two years. Local police, however, said his wife, also a Manipuri, was ignorant about his activities. The couple has a four-year-old daughter.Police said they were probing into possible links between Asem and Maoists. \"The Manipuri insurgent's presence in Gopalpur is very disturbing because the resort town is located near several Maoist-affected areas in Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts. We are trying to verify his links with the Maoists in the area,\" said a senior police officer.NIA had recently established a PLA-Maoist nexus by filing a charge sheet against three PLA leaders for providing training and supplying arms and ammunitions to Red rebels, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650179", "title": "Businessman\u2019s car snatched in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the third case of carjacking in south Delhi this month, three robbers snatched a businessman's Toyota SUV at gunpoint from outside a five star hotel in Vasant Kunj. The businessman's driver was forced to accompany the robbers and later dumped in the Moti Bagh area near Dhaula Kuan.Sources said the assailants were possibly tipped-off about a large amount of money being kept in the car as they abducted the driver, grilled him about 'a bag of money' and dumped him after he pleaded ignorance.Around 8.30pm on Sunday, businessman Vikash Gupta, a resident of Vasant Vihar, had come to a hotel in Vasant Kunj with his driver, Narayan Mukhiya (57), police said. While Gupta went inside, Mukhiya parked the Toyota Innova and sat inside listening to cricket commentary.Around 11pm, a man clad in a safari suit came up and asked Mukhiya the time. The man then pushed him aside and got into the driver's seat. Another man joined him and they threatened Mukhiya with dire consequences if he raised an alarm.\"The third person sat in the rear seat of the car while the persons sitting in the driver's seat took out a pistol and pointed it at my head. He asked me for the \"bag of money\" which was 'supposed' to be in the car. I pleaded ignorance about any such bag,\" Mukhiya said in his statement.The accused then drove around for 45 minutes before dumping the driver near Moti Bagh and fleeing with his Blackberry. Mukhiya took help from a passerby and called up his employer and narrated the entire incident. Police were informed and a case of robbery was registered.The incident comes to light weeks after a businessman was abducted from Safdarjung Enclave and dumped near IGI airport after the robbers fled with his car. Before this, robbers had waylaid a businessman and robbed him of more than Rs 2 crore and fled with his car. Investigators confirmed that the modus operandi in these cases resembles that of the escape artist Manoj Bakkarwala and his associates. While Bakkarwala is in custody, police have formed several teams to look out for his associates, including Vinod Balia who is currently leading the gang. A cash reward of Rs 50,000 has been announced on Balia by the police commissioner.Sources have confirmed that Vinod alias Balia has become highly active in the capital and is possibly behind the successive incidents of carjacking in south Delhi.Meanwhile, local police and the crime branch are working out a strategy to tighten the noose around the three major gangs headed by Sandeep Chitania, Nitu Laboda and Sandeep Mental. Cops say these gangs have become a major headache for them as their involvement is suspected in several crimes in the city. Their involvement in such cases has not been denied by the sleuths of Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13651249", "title": "Top PLA man arrested in Odisha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arrest of a top People's Liberation Army (PLA) functionary from Odisha on Monday has confirmed suspicions of continuing cooperation between CPI (Maoists) and the Manipur-based terror outfit in the state. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) had earlier arrested and charge-sheeted three top PLA members, unearthing how the outfit trained Maoist cadres in Jharkhand forests and supplied them arms.On Monday, the agency along with Odisha police arrested Asem Ibotombi Singh alias Angou, secretary of PLA's external affairs wing, from Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha. The agency suspects that Angou was camping there to resurrect PLA's ties with Maoists in Odisha's tribal areas after the arrest of the outfit's important leaders.Only last week, the NIA had filed a charge-sheet against PLA leaders N Dilip Singh alias Wangba, Senjam Dhiren Singh alias Raghu and K H Arnold Singh accusing them of providing arms and training to Maoist cadres in return for money and ammonium nitrate.An NIA official said, \"Angou had replaced Wangba in the PLA hierarchy after his arrest from Delhi last year. We suspect in his absence, Angou was trying to rebuild the broken partnership between PLA and Maoists.\"NIA suspects Angou was an active part of the conspiracy to coordinate with Maoists and wage war against India. Through his questioning, NIA hopes to get more information on activities conducted by the two groups in Odisha and the Maoist network in the state.\"His arrest from Odisha is significant as until now we only had evidence of PLA-Maoist activity in Saranda forest of Jharkhand though we suspected their presence to be in Odisha too. The arrest has confirmed the suspicions and now his questioning will reveal further details,\" said the official.Angou's arrest comes close on the heels of the arrest of Maoist leader Ajay Chanda alias Jhulan who was responsible for spreading Maoist activities in the northeast and also oversaw the transshipment of weapons provided by PLA, training programmes by the Manipuri group for Maoists and other bilateral activities.NIA investigations have revealed that the cooperation between Maoists and PLA has been going on since 2008 when top Maoist leaders including Ganpathy and PLA leaders under chairman Irengbam Chaoren Bhorot signed a joint declaration for unified action against India in Myanmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653260", "title": "Intense heatwave may delay monsoon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hot weather conditions intensified on Tuesday, increasing the possibilities of delay in arrival of monsoon arrival in India. While mercury touched 44.3 degrees Celsius in the city, three degrees above normal, Allahabad continued to be hottest place in the state with 46.3 degrees Celsius.No relief from high temperatures and hot gusty winds is likely in near future. Some parts of UP may witness dust storms but possibilities of thunder storm are less. The bad news is that monsoon currents, which were moving rapidly, are stable for last three days, thereby increasing possibilities of delay in arrival in the country.The summer this year so far has been hot and dry in the state capital in comparison to hot and humid conditions last year. In fact, on an average, the city should be hit by 3-4 thunder storms in the month of May, but this year city witnessed only one.The normal rainfall for May is 16.5 mm, but this year rains have been negligible. The rainfall has been less not only in May but also in March and April.As per Met department, total rainfall from March 1 till date has been 60% below normal. For Wednesday, state Met director JP Gupta, predicted clear sky and maximum temperature of around 44 degrees Celsius.Similar conditions will prevail in other parts of the state. According to reports reaching state Met department till Tuesday evening, maximum temperature in the state was 2-5 degrees Celsius in most parts.The minimum temperature was also above normal.Hot gusty winds added to the discomfort. Allahabad was hottest with 46.3 degrees Celsius followed by Agra with 45.5 degrees Celsius, Hamirpur recorded 45.2 degrees Celsius, while Orai 45 degrees Celsius.Mercury rose to 44.8 degree Celsius in Jhansi, while in Etawah and Rae Bareli it was 44.6 degrees Celsius each. Kanpur, Ballia and Fatehgarh recorded a high of 44.4 degrees Celsius. Varanasi was hot at 43.9 degrees Celsius.The normal date of monsoon arrival in India is June 1. It touches Kerala coast first. The monsoon arrives in UP by June 15 and Lucknow by June 18 and covers entire north India by July 15. The Met department in its long term forecast in April had predicted timely arrival of monsoon.However, what could be a matter of concern is that the monsoon currents are stable for last three days. It is stuck over Colombo (Sri Lanka) on Tuesday. However, Met department stated that favourable conditions are expected to develop in next 2-3 days for further advance of monsoon into Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13654477", "title": "Factional fight among ultras helping police", "text": "VARANASI: Is the increased enmity between the hardcore Maoist ultras and their former colleagues helping the police to achieve success? According to sources, the infighting between the lobbies of Maoists started in Bihar in past few years and generated friction among the ultras, especially non-Kharwars. In past two years, differences between Maoists of Kharwar community and others increased after the killing of Rana Yadav, the close associate of Kamlesh Chawdhary.Later, Chawdhary was also killed.Following these developments, the Kharwars opened a front against non-Kharwar Maoists and also joined hands with police and paramilitary forces in Bihar. This group is led by Sugriv Kharwar, who is popularly known as Mukhiya. It is said that Munna Vishwakarma, Ajit Kole, Lalvrat and other ultras, hailing from UP districts and bordering areas in Bihar, are also a target of Kharwar lobby. IG Brij Bhushan admitted that the increased pressure by such lobby forced the Maoists of this region to move towards this region of state in search of safe hideouts. And, the move of hardcore Maoist ultras backfired as they started falling in the dragnet of UP police.The IG said that more than UP, Bihar would be benefited by these successes as the alertness of forces had not allowed the Maoist groups to execute destructive plans in this region after 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13653061", "title": "CPM for a third alternative in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Emboldened by its breakthrough victory in municipal corporation elections, the Communist party of India (Marxist) has put out a fishing line to explore the possibilities of a third alternative to BJP and Congress for the forthcoming general assembly elections due later this year.\"We are open to forming of a third alternative to BJP and Congress, but we also know our limitation that we cannot do so on our own,\" said Rakesh Singha, state secretary of CPM. Talking to media after its maiden win at the civic body polls where the Left party bagged the mayor and deputy mayor's posts on Monday, he said that there were serious differences within both state Congress and BJP.\"CPM will work for coming together of political parties, groups and even individuals with a standing to resurrect a third alternative,\" he added. Setting out an agenda for running the corporation whose finances are in a mess, he said that the municipality would be a battleground of political thought but irrespective of political standing, the civic body would be run on consensus basis as mandated.Without mincing words, an emotional Singha said, \"However, there will be no compromise or consensus over corruption.\" Alleging that both money and muscle power were used in the run up to the elections, he expressed concern that unless some check were applied to free flow of money and liquor during elections, political parties with ideologies opposed to neo-liberal policies would simply not be able to contest.Terming the MC win as a 'victory of the people', Singha said the party would try to safeguard the interest and aspiration of the people as the mandate for solving common people's issues, something that nobody was coming forward to champion the cause.Speaking on the occasion, mayor elect Sanjay Chauhan said that the corporation would be run on decentralized planning. Deputy mayor elect Tikender Panwar said, \"The vote in the MC elections was in anger against the policies of BJP and Congress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13651844", "title": "Nitroglycerin helped in arrest of LeT activists", "text": "KOCHI: Nothing but nitroglycerin, a chemical used to make bombs, helped the crime branch unearth the role of suspected LeT activists in the dacoity case. As the probe had come to a standstill for want of evidence, the team began to look into the source of the chemicals used by the assailants to make bombs which were hurled at the time when they attacked the jewellery owner.\"For past eight years we have been questioning various gangs and robbers. known to commit dacoity and other thefts.But none of them had any hint about the operation carried out at Kizhakkambalam on June 20, 2002. Usually, criminals who commit dacoity and robbery are in the know how of the operations of other gangs. It is in this context that we came to the conclusion that the incident at Kizhakkambalam was not a normal theft or dacoity,\" a senior official who was part of the investigation team said on Tuesday.The investigation team shifted its focus to the bomb used by the assailants and found that a combination of chemicals, mainly nitroglycerin, was used. \"We conducted a detailed inquiry into the combination of chemicals and found that the same combination was used by suspects in various terror-related cases in the country, mainly in the Coimbatore press club attack case, Bangalore blast case and Rahim Pukkudassery murder attempt case,\" the officials said.Apart from nitroglycerin, Gelatin sticks and detonators were also used by the group to make bombs. \"We started collecting statements from witnesses who had already been questioned by the police in connection with terror cases like the Kozhikode twin blasts case and Kalamassery bus burning case. Later, we got leads about the involvement of Thajuddin in sourcing chemicals to make bombs. Thajuddin is currently in Bangalore jail in connection with the Bangalore serial bomb blast case. The bombs for the operation were made by Ismail and Thadiyantavide Nazeer at the residence of Thajuddin at Vedimara in Ernakulam district,\" the officials said.As the police got more information, they zeroed in on K P Shabeer who was staying at Shimoga in Karnataka district and doing odd business. \"After questioning Shabeer, we got a clear picture about the other accused in the case,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13662628", "title": "Akshay Kumar pulls off a coup", "text": "Akshay Kumar has been hitting headlines lately for bonding with Shah Rukh Khan among other things and is being seen as making inroads into the SRK camp.However, it comes as a surprise to know that the concept promo of his next production Oh My God featuring a voice over by the actor's good friend Salman Khan will release along with his film Rowdy Rathore this Friday.We had reported how Akshay and Shah Rukh bonded at an IPL match at Pune with SRK inviting his former archrival to Mannat for dinner. Then again, the two partied together at Prabhudheva's Chennai bash, rounding it off with some mean moves on Rowdy's now famous Chinta ta number.At this juncture, Akki's balancing act between two warring camps comes as a masterstroke. Seems the actor is sending out a clear message of neutrality; that he isn't particularly gravitating toward either side and more importantly, is on friendly terms with both.We can only say it's a shrewd move on the actor's part. Meanwhile, the concept promo is a first for the industry and was the brainchild of Ashvini Yardi of Akshay's production house, Grazing Goat Pictures.When contacted, she said, \"The idea was to create a concept driven teaser based on the main story of the film and establish the character of its protagonist Kanjhibhai. We wanted a simple trailer which will have a mass connect and at the same time arouse curiosity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650694", "title": "Sibal asks students not to worry about DU cutoffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday assured Delhi University aspirants that there would be \"no problem\" of the kind they faced last year when the cutoff touched 100%.The minister was responding to a question posed by a reporter, a day after the CBSE Class XII results were announced. According to statistics, over 3,000 students have scored more than 95% this year. The high cutoff marks, including 100% in one of Delhi's famous colleges, had triggered panic last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13655925", "title": "Central Crime Station 'helps' Gupta escape arrest", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an unusual alacrity, Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths filed a chargesheet in the DLF cheating case in just two-and-half months. Result: It helped fugitive realtor GS Gupta secure bail on Monday.Less than two weeks ago, CCS officials had filed the chargesheet in both the criminal cases registered against Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta, who is the co-accused.Once the chargesheet was filed, everything fell in place for Gupta, who had been on the run for nearly three months to evade the police dragnet.Though the role of the investigating agency was under a cloud from the beginning in the case, Gupta managed to buy time to explore various legal options and successfully secured bail by escaping the ignominy of being arrested.Usually, CCS officials do not file chargesheet in less than 90 days though section 173 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) mandates it.Once the process of filing a chargesheet is completed by the investigator, the accused would have a valid right to seek bail from the court concerned.Gupta moved several anticipatory bail petitions, from the lower court to the apex court, but they were all rejected.However, the Supreme Court gave an order giving Gupta and his brother protection from arrest for three weeks. When these developments were taking place, CCS police filed the chargesheet. On February 29, CCS police had registered two cheating cases against Gupta and nine others for duping construction giant DLF of over Rs 280 crore.Incidentally, the CCS has not filed chargesheets in some cases pending since 2003, be it the dowry harassment case involving Chiranjeevi's daughter Srija or the murder case of factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri.\"Only in murder and other grave cases, we generally file chargesheet within 90 days to make sure the trial starts early. In cheating cases, it takes a lot of time to investigate and filing the chargesheet in the mandatory 90 days is not that easy. Hence, the backlog cases are many,'' an officer, requesting anonymity, said.Granting conditional bail, the Nampally criminal court asked Gupta and his brother to give a surety of Rs two lakh each. On Tuesday, the two brothers submitted surety and completed the bail process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13652008", "title": "Now, Enforcement Directorate moves in to attach Jagan Mohan Reddy's assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has drawn up a list of assets of Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy worth more than Rs 8 crore and is looking at more, based on the findings of the CBI investigation, to attach them under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.Sources said ED officials are likely to question Jagan, who is in judicial custody, before any attachment order is issued. Two ED officials from headquarters in Delhi have arrived in Hyderabad for recording Jagan's statements.The YSR Congress chief was arrested by the CBI on Sunday in a disproportionate assets case. Besides CBI and ED, the Kadapa MP is facing probe from the Income Tax department. At least 15 of his companies have come under the scanner that includes Jagathi Publication, Sandur Power Co Ltd, Saraswati Power and a few real estate firms.The ED is looking into foreign investments made into some of these companies. Cases have been registered under both PMLA and Foreign Exchange Management Act. These companies had seen sudden jump in their share values. The probe had revealed that foreign investments made in some of these companies were later diverted to Jagan's publication in alleged violation of FEMA guidelines.Jaganmohan Reddy first came on the radar of the investigating agency in 2010, soon after his father's death in a copter crash a year before. The Income Tax department started investigating his wealth when he deposited an advance tax of Rs 84 crore for April-September of 2010-11. This was a huge jump compared to the previous two years when his tax outgo was a paltry Rs 2.92 lakh for 2008-09 and Rs 6.72 crore for 2009-10.The probe revealed that the payments resulted from the sale of a portion of his shares in the family-held Bharathi Cement Company Ltd. The sale had earned him Rs 416 crore and he was still left with shares worth more than Rs 2,600 crore in the company at that point.Both the CBI and ED later started their probe by registering cases against Jagan and his close aides and companies that had invested in his firms. Nimmagadda Prasad, a prominent businessman, who has now been held by the CBI in Jagan's disproportionate assets case, had allegedly invested in Jagan's companies for receiving favours from the state for his port project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13651980", "title": "Samajwadi Party in a spot after ATS arrests 2 Kashmiris", "text": "LUCKNOW: The alleged illegal detention of two Kashmiri men in their 20s by the UP Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) since May 24 may prove to be a major embarrassment for the Samajwadi Party government. The party in its election manifesto had promised to curb the harassment of minorities in the name of terror links and also assured to withdraw terror cases pending against Muslims in the state.With activists now seeking the intervention of the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) and human rights groups for the immediate release of the Kashmiri men, the SP government may have to do some explaining on the issue in the days to come.Allegations are that the two Kashmiri students of Jamiat-ul-Falah (JuF) in Azamgarh were onboard 12225 Kafiyat Express when ATS cops picked them at Aligarh junction on May 24.Additional director general of UP ATS Jag Mohan Yadav, however, denied any such detention. \"I would have been aware of it in due course had the ATS picked them up. But still I have cross checked with them just now and the ATS does not have them,\" Jag Mohan told TOI.The activists, however, are not satisfied with the ATS's denial. \"Even if the UP police or its wings have not picked up the duo, it is the responsibility of the government to ensure the safety of the people and it is their job to find out where they are,\" said Shehzad Poonawalla, a student at Indian Law Institute, Delhi, who has sought the intervention of the NCM in the case.The two Kashmiri men have been identified as Mohammad Waseem Bhat and his cousin Sajjad Ahmed Bhat. Sons of Ghulam Mohammad Bhat and his brother Gulam Rasool Bhat from Sopore in Baramulla; they were students of JuF, a centre for Islamic studies in Azamgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13652207", "title": "Vigilance sleuths arrest school clerk for taking bribe", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A five-member state vigilance team laid trap and caught a school clerk red handed while taking bribe in lieu of providing mark sheets, transfer certificates and other documents to the students who passed out from a high school here on Tuesday.The vigilance members, led by special magistrate Amit Kumar, raided Rajyakrit Michael John Balika Ucha Vidyalya in Golmuri early in the morning and caught Uma Shankar Trivedi accepting bribe of Rs 200 from each student in lieu of providing the documents.Sanjay Singh, the father of Class X successful student of the school, had complained to the vigilance about the conduct of the clerk. \"Following the complaint, the team laid a trap and arrested the clerk,\" said a school official.The official also said complaints of irregularities against the clerk were pouring in but the school authorities looked the other way whenever such complaints were made. The school principal was not available for comments.\"Owing to the increasing complaints of irregularities in the schools, my department has decided to carry out surprise visits to the schools to get hold of the culprits, if any,\" said district education officer Ashok Kumar Sharma.Deputy police superintendent Shankar Oraon, inspector Awadesh Kumar Singh and two other junior officials Dinesh Singh and Premlal Mahato were part of the vigilance team.The vigilance team took the clerk to Ranchi to produce him in court before forwarding him to the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13654038", "title": "Four chains snatched on Tuesday", "text": "PUNE: Despite police patrolling and checking of vehicles, four gold chains worth Rs 2.35 lakh were snatched in the city in just 45 minutes on Tuesday morning.The incidents took place at Yerawada, Bibvewadi-Kondhwa Road and Walvekarnagar between 7.45 am to 8.30 am on Tuesday. On Monday morning, five gold chains worth Rs 1.5 lakh were snatched in different parts of the city.Tuesday's first incident took place at Walvekarnagar around 7.45 am. Two persons riding a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 75,000 from Rama Kulkarni, a resident of Bipin society, and fled. Assistant police inspector C B Mane of the Sahakarnagar police station is investigating the case.Just five minutes later, unidentified persons snatched a gold chain worth Rs 45,000 from Suchita Gopal Joshi (63) on Bibvewadi-Kondhwa Road.The incident took place when Joshi was walking towards her home. The Market Yard police are investigating further.Around 8.30 pm, motorcycle-borne suspects targeted two women in Pratiknagar, Yerawada, and snatched two gold chains with total worth of Rs 1.15 lakh. Seema Singh (45) was walking home after purchasing milk, when the suspects stopped her on the pretext of asking an address. They snatched her gold chain worth Rs 40,000 and fled. They then snatched a gold chain worth Rs 75,000 from Leelavati Tapkir (63), who was also walking home in the same area. Inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat of the Yerawada police station is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13670770", "title": "Poonam Pandey's next act will be hotter", "text": "After fulfilling her commitment to strip to nude on the KKR victory on Monday, the Internet sensation and strip Queen Poonam Pandey has made another promise that her next act will be hotter than ever before.The Mumbai girl took to Twitter to thank all her fans, and added \"Thanx for having trust and patience towards me ... I promise the next Show is gonna get Hot, Hotter and Hottest luv u all xox.\"She tweeted, \"Thanx a million Tweethearts and fans round the world for loving me so much.... luv u all... Stay tune my Debut Film has lot more for u(sic).\"\" Poonam Pandey, who earned fame for her claim to parade nude to celebrate Indian Cricket team's World Cup victory last year said that her debut film will take one and all by surprise.\"\"Tweethearts and fans round the World... the pic was Just a Trailer lot more u will see in my Debut Film.. so stay tuned... luv u all xox(sic), Poonam Tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "nizamabad/warangal", "code": "13655720", "title": "Beer sales hit a record high in Telangana", "text": "NIZAMABAD/WARANGAL: With the sun beating down hard and the temperatures recording 44-46 degrees Celsius in north Telangana, beer consumption has soared to a new high. Excise officials said the rural people, who consume toddy in the summer, have also taken to beer in a big way. Sources said with the Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) available in belt shops in interior villages, beer consumption has shot up tremendously.A total of 17,04,000 bottles of beer (1,42,000 cartons) were sold up to May 26 in Nizamabad district alone. This is when only 11,16,000 beer bottles (93,000 cartons) were sold in February this year. The sales rose to 20,88,000 bottles (1,74,000 cartons) in March, which fell to 11,64,000 bottles (97,000 cartons) in April. The corresponding sales last year were 10,08,000 bottles (90,000 cartons) in February, 15,60,000 bottles (1,30,000 cartons) in March, 9,84,000 bottles (82,000 cartons) in April and 14,88,000 bottles (1,24,000 cartons) in May. Wine shop owners lifted 2,08,509 beer cartons in April and 2,10,200 cartons in May last year in Warangal district. But this year, 2,24,237 beer cartons were lifted in May alone.According to traders in Karimnagar, this May 2,22,498 cases were lifted from the depots. The corresponding figure in last May was 1,96,234 cases only. Sources said the beer consumption in Adilabad reached a new high with the mercury soaring to 47 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650871", "title": "SMS to senior cop gets tikki-wala justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: It would have been a familiar story but for an SOS message to a senior traffic cop that gave a twist to its end. A desperate tikki-wala , harassed by traffic policemen for 'daring' to demand payment for his tikkis , approached senior officials begging for relief. The owner of a chain of such tikki shops in east Delhi, he had been allegedly forced to supply tikkis to local enforcement authorities for months, all for free.However, when he was approached by a local transport owner - known to be thick with the cops - for four plates of the snack, he asked to be paid for them. Hours later, he alleged, he received a call from a local traffic constable, telling him that he was in big trouble.The next day, while riding a motorcycle to his shop, the tikki-wala was stopped by an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) of the local traffic circle along with the same constable who had threatened him over the phone. They challaned him for jumping a red light, disobeying a traffic police officer, and not carrying his registration and pollution certificates, insurance papers and the driving licence. The compounded fine came to Rs 3,200. Police impounded his bike, even as he pleaded that he had all the requisite papers, he claims.Aggrieved, the tikki-wala called up his brother, who owns the bike, asking him to come down to Delhi as he feared that the vehicle would not be released without his presence. The brother was forced to return to Delhi within a day along with 21 others who had gone on a pilgrimage to Jammu with him. In the traffic court, the tikki-wala pleaded that he was being harassed by cops and had actually committed none of the traffic offences. Finding no merit in the challans issued against him, except the one for jumping a light, which is impossible to contest without video evidence, the court fined him Rs 300 and counselled him to contact senior traffic cops and the police control room if he faced such harassment again.Fearing that defying police was not in his interest, the man, in a moment of desperation, shot off a text message to the joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg, explaining his position and pleading, \"...paise mangne par gadiya band karne ki dhamki dete hai... sir hame in se bachao (if I ask for payment they threaten to impound my vehicles, please save me from them).\"JCP Garg reportedly made a surprise visit to the tikki shop in order to check the veracity of the complaint. Finding no one at the shop, he summoned the tikki-wala to his office, who narrated the problem to him, but refused to file a written complaint fearing further harassment by cops. Taking note of the matter, JCP Garg questioned both the traffic officers in question but neither was able to provide an explanation as to why the challan was issued.Although unwilling to discuss the case, when JCP Garg was confronted with the sequence of events, he conceded: \"When this matter was brought to my notice and the facts were established prima facie to be correct, these two traffic officers had no justification to continue in traffic police. As a formal complaint, which could have initiated harsher departmental action, has not been lodged, we decided to act on prima facie evidence.\"\"As the challan issued was under serious sections which were not believed by the court, there was an inevitable presumption that the challan was a result of the complainant asking for payment for his goods. A proposal has been moved for their transfer out of the traffic unit,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13650779", "title": "BJP bandh to focus on CNG price in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: The introduction of VAT on CNG will be the main issue in Delhi during the nationwide bandh called by the BJP on May 31 to protest the steep hike in petrol prices.Over 50,000 BJP workers are going to protest against the Congress-led Delhi government's decision to impose 5% VAT on the green fuel.\"The price difference between diesel and CNG is just Rs 3.65. CNG is a green fuel and the government should give it at subsidized rates to encourage people to use this environment-friendly fuel,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP.With over 12 lakh vehicles running on CNG in the city, Gupta said, this will result in steep hike in auto and taxi fares and cost of commodities.On Thursday, party workers will stage demonstrations at 100 locations. The BJP has urged Delhiites to avoid using the public transport as a mark of protest. Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's recent budget proposals, especially on CNG, have given BJP ammunition to attack the government and its \"anti-people\" policies.The BJP, which has been out of power for nearly 14 years in Delhi, is planning to keep the issue of corruption and inflation burning till the assembly elections which are scheduled for next years.\"Their ( Congress) policies are anti-people. In Monday's budget, there was nothing which will directly benefit people. The subsidy on LPG connection means nothing as people don't have money to feed themselves. With hike in CNG, food items and other commodities will get costlier,'' said V K Malhotra , leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13652879", "title": "Tiger deaths deemed 'instances of crime'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forest officers in Pilibhit have said the death of two tigers in the district were \"instances of crime\" in accordance with the latest guidelines of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA). Following the incidents, the forest department registered a case into the deaths; the forest ranger, deputy ranger and a forest guard was also suspended for laxity.On May 24, the carcass of an adult tiger, nearly 12 years old, was found lying in a water body in Haripur range of Pilibhit.A similar incident was also reported from Haripur on the following day, with both carcasses found barely 250 metres away from each other. On May 26, the forest officials also found a half-eaten carcass of a buffalo calf at the same place where the first tiger carcass was found. The buffalo flesh has now been sent for toxicological tests.District Forest Official, Pilibhit, VK Singh, said: \"The officials failed to comb the area properly and find the carcass of the buffalo. As a result they were suspended.'' In addition to the forest officials, the department also rounded up six people, including the owner of the calf that was eaten by the tiger. \"We detained the man for questioning to find out if it was a case of killing,\" Singh said. However, both carcasses were found intact, with no organ missing. No injury marks were reported on the carcasses either. \"We are waiting for scientific evidence to clarify the cause of death,\" Singh added.Viscera of the carcasses have been sent to Indian Veterinary Research Institute in Bareilly. Officials said a report on the findings was expected by noon on Wednesday.Giving details of the conditions the carcasses were found in, forest officials said that the first carcass was rotten and had fish nibbling at the flesh, while the second carcass did not emanate any foul odour. \"In the first incident, the tiger would have died over 18 to 24 hours earlier. The second death would have occurred closer to the time of its discovery,\" an official said. Apart from the viscera, the forest department also sent samples of water in which the first carcass was found, for testing. The excreta of the dead tiger will also be tested.Officers of the forest department said they were investigating the cause of the deaths -- \"retaliatory killings\" as a result of the man-animal conflict, poaching or other reasons. Incidentally, the Pilibhit forest is a compact forest with no villages located within it. The range where the tiger carcasses were found had River Sharda flowing through it, about 500 metres ahead. The first human habitation was about 8 kms away from the spot.Meanwhile, the forest department also got the postmortem report for Sunday' tiger death in Dudhwa. Attributed to internal injury and blood loss, the report also showed a the tiger died because of a broken spine. When contacted, PCCF (Wildlife), Rupak De said no malafide intent was found in the death of the tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13651395", "title": "Near stampede at BJ college", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a near stampede at BJ Medical College on Tuesday as 4,000-odd students and parents crowded the college campus to submit forms for admissions in medical, dental and para-medical courses. Tuesday was the first day of the form-submission process. A student, Pinal Purani, who fell when he was pushed in the queue suffered a fracture in the right hand and has been admitted to Civil Hospital for treatment.BJ Medical College is the only medical school at which students who have applied for medical and para-medical admissions have to submit forms and documents in person. In fact, this is the primary reason why students accompanied with their parents started to arrive at the college from across the state from early morning.Authorities started giving tokens from 8 am but as the clock ticked away, it was apparent that officials were completely unprepared for the crowd which kept swelling at the special zone created for accepting forms. Initially, there were only four counters for form submission which saw serpentine queues. With the sun blazing, people in the crowd got restless and started pushing one another. Eyewitnesses said that a near stampede happened in which many students got hurt but escaped with scrapes.Shahibaug police officials were alerted and teams were later sent to restore some order. Rather late in the day, officials opened 13 counters to meet the rush for form submission. Interestingly, when the crowd trouble took place, most officials were incommunicado as they had switched off their phones.Custodial torture: Jamnagar SP in troubleAhmedabad: IPS officer and Jamnagar district superintendent of police, Subhash Trivedi, is in deep trouble in connection with a custodial torture case. Justice Anant Dave on Tuesday hinted at handing over the probe regarding the circumstances under which complainant Vishal Singala took a U-turn and sought to withdraw his petition against Trivedi and two other cops, to the independent agency. The court also roped in the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) during the proceeding.At court's insistence over handing over the probe to the CBI, government pleader Prakash Jani expressed strong reservations saying that the state government had not got a good experience of the CBI in other cases. He also contended that it could have a demoralizing effect on police force.The government pleader proposed that the state government was more than willing to hold a preliminary inquiry into whether the complainant was forced by the cops to withdraw his petition. Singala sought to withdraw his petition after the HC asked him to file an FIR against Trivedi, PI A P Jadeja and PSI G N Waghela, who are accused of brutally beating him in police custody.Besides, Justice Dave has also sought assistance from assistant solicitor general P S Champaneri on behalf of the Centre on how disciplinary action could be taken against Trivedi and under which rules his IPS nomination could be suspended. The judge came down heavily on Trivedi for his alleged violent action against the bootlegger in police custody and commented that \"the promotee IPS officer has got the mentality of a constable, who has got scarce regard for a court of law\".In this case, after alleged custodial torture, Singala complained before a judicial magistrate who initiated inquiry but did not conclude the issue. The HC then ordered the case papers to be brought to HC registry and kept in sealed cover.On May 24, Justice Dave had asked the state government to remove Trivedi and other two cops from the present posts so that impartial inquiry could take place. The court was of opinion that the SP was playing vital role in the case, though Singala appeared before the court on Tuesday and said that he was under pressure from his community to withdraw the petition. However, the judge made it clear that the court was primarily concerned with issue of custodial torture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13653144", "title": "Passport staff concerned over outsourcing", "text": "LUCKNOW: The All India Passport Employees' Association and All India Passport Officers' Association have submitted a memorandum highlighting their long-pending demands to joint secretary (passport seva project) and chief officer. The Lucknow unit of the association has also extended its full support to the demands. The associations have expressed their concern over outsourcing of passport services to the private sector by opening passport seva kendras. The association said it can jeopardise national security. Besides, the association opposed online submission of passport applications and said it's a complicated process.The passport officers have to work under a private agency at PSKs. The use of the passport office's software can compromise national security. The associations have also demanded up-gradation of posts of LDCs and direct recruitment of assistants. A decision was also taken that under the aegis of central committee, Giriraj Sharma will observe fast unto death from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-30"}
