{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135191", "title": "NGO seeks Jaya's intervention to alter National Highway of India project", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore Consumer Cause, a non governmental organisation, has called for the intervention of chief minister J Jayalalithaa in the proposed bypass road plans put forward by the National Highway of India (NHAI) that would connect Coimbatore and Mettupalayam.In a letter written to the chief minister, the organization has called the existing plan as anti public since people would be forced to pay toll for using the existing road. Besides, instead of reducing the travel distance, people will actually have to travel a longer distance with the bypass road, said K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause. The proposed bypass road from Saravanmpatti (NH209) intersects the existing NH 67 Mettupalayam-Coimbatore road, increasing the distance by nearly 14 km.\"Generally, bypass roads are designed to separate long distance traffic from local traffic. But the proposed project will not separate traffic in this specific way. Instead, it focuses on collecting toll from both long distance and city travelers,\" Kathimathiyon added.Earlier, two district collectors had also expressed similar sentiments to the government and suggested a bypass road that does not interfere with the existing Coimbatore-Mettupalayam road.\"Collector M Karunagaran had convened a meeting with the city mayor, president, chairman of concerned local bodies, agriculture associations and consumer organizations. We unanimously agreed that the bye-pass road should not interfere with the existing road and toll should not be collected from the existing users of the road,\" he said. The collector conveyed opinions expressed in the meeting to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129870", "title": "Privilege motion moved", "text": "MUMBAI:The state legislative assembly on Tuesday adopted a privilege motion against social activist Advocate Varsha Deshpande, who has been at the forefront of the campaign against female feticide.BJP legislator Nana Patole moved a motion against Deshpande, which was accepted by assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil. The privilege committee will now consider the motion and submit its findings during the winter session of the assembly in December, the speaker ruled.Patole had objected to Deshpande reaction, which appeared in a Marathi newspaper, to a commitment on feticide made by public health minister Suresh Shetty during the ongoing assembly session. He alleged that her reaction was \"insulting and defamatory\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133841", "title": "India bolsters western front with fighters, radars and IAF-Army operational synergy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may now be focusing more on the eastern front with China, but it has not forgotten the western one. New bases of its most potent fighter as well as advanced sensor units have come up along the border with Pakistan, even as IAF and Army build composite land-air war-fighting machinery for all contingencies in the western theatre.Squadrons of Sukhoi-30MKI \"air dominance'' fighters, now permanently based in Jodhpur (Rajasthan) and Halwara (Punjab), are \"fully-operational'' and integrated with the \"order of battle'' on the western front, say sources.Similarly, the first two nodes of IACCS (integrated air command and control system) are operational in the western sector to make airspace more impregnable to hostile threats. The nodes integrate older sensors like THD-1955 long-range surveillance radars with newer ones like ATCR-22, Rohini and medium-power radars as well as Aerostats and Phalcon AWACS (airborne warning and control systems) to plug gaps in the country's air defence cover.Defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday also held a top-level review of the security scenario and military infrastructure build-up along the western and eastern fronts with national security advisor Shivshankar Menon, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and the three Service chiefs - Admiral Nirmal Verma, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and General Bikram Singh. Antony is also slated to visit Jammu and Kashmir this weekend to review the operational situation along the Line of Control (LoC).India till recently had based its Sukhois - IAF so far has inducted around 160 of the 272 fighters contracted from Russia in deals worth Rs 55,717 crore - only in Pune and Bareilly, which were followed by Tezpur and Chabua in Assam to cater for the threat from China.The need to base them in Jodhpur and Halwara was felt to take on the Pakistan challenge, especially since older MiG-21s and MiG-23BNs were being progressively phased out. ``With Pakistan acquiring American F-16s and Chinese JF-17 `Thunder' jets, the induction of Sukhois (which have a cruising speed range of 3,200-km) there will act as a strong deterrent against any misadventure,'' said a source.The Army, too, is strengthening its capabilities on the western front by \"optimising offensive and defensive formations with minimum accretions'' since the raising of the new mountain strike corps and other formations for the north-east are geared towards countering China.Towards this, operational synergy and coordination between IAF's Western Air Command, which controls air operations over 400,000 sq km stretching from Ladakh till Bikaner, and three Army commands - Northern (Udhampur), Western (Chandimandir) and South-Western (Jaipur) - has also been stepped up.``This ensures optimal utilization of resources, real-time sharing of information and fine-tuning of operational plans. Western Air Command chief Air Marshal Arup Raha and Western Army Command chief Lt-Gen Sanjeev Chachra, for instance, discussed operational jointness in detail earlier this month,'' added an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15135096", "title": "Relief for Ogyen Trinley Dorje in benami land case", "text": "SHIMLA: In yet another relief to Tibetan leader Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the court of divisional commissioner, Kangra, has given a clean chit to Kinnaur resident Sewa Devi Negi in the purchase of 191-kanal land at Trilokpur for the setting up of a nunnery.Investigation was started after it was alleged that Karma Garchen Trust had funded Negi to buy benami land. The divisional commissioner has ruled that sale can not be termed as benami as no documentary proof could be established. so land should be restored in the name of Sewa Devi Negi.Earlier, the Himachal government had dropped charges against Karmapa in the case of foreign currency haul. The orders from the court of the divisional commissioner has brought much needed respite to Ogyen Trinley Dorje and his followers as the court of Kangra deputy commissioner, in December last year after pronouncing the deal for land as benami, had ordered to vest the land with the government.Kangra deputy commissioner R S Gupta, after investigation of land records in his order dated December 5, 2011, had said that Karma Garchen Trust had given a loan of Rs 40 lakh to Sewa Devi Negi for the purchase of land in 2007 and had raised questions over records related to the loan.Sources said that when Sewa Devi Negi was questioned for the finances to buy this huge chunk of land, she could not give a satisfactory reply about the bank records. Following the contradictory statements and the fact that resources of Sewa Devi Negi were not enough to repay the loan, deputy commissioner had declared the land as benami and to vest it with the government.According to sources, the court of divisional commissioner, Sanjay Gupta, in the order has stated that to prove that 191 kanal land registered in the name of Sewa Devi Negi, a resident of Chango village in Kinnaur district, as benami; more evidence needs to be collected as the submitted proof is not sufficient. \"State government has been given the liberty to reopen the case if more evidence is collected,\" sources said.Following the seizure of foreign currency worth Rs 6.5 crore, investigation was focused on land deals in the state especially those linked directly or indirectly to Dorje and his trust. A Centre team comprising officials from income tax, RAW and IB had found that the trust had funded Sewa Devi Negi to purchase land in Trilokpur. A nunnery was being run on this land by a society of which Sewa Devi Negi was the executive director.Also, another chunk of land bought in the name of Rajmukh Negi in Sidhbhari area of Kangra district allegedly by Karma Garchen Trust has been declared as a benami deal.Following the request of Himachal Pradesh government to drop charges against Tibetan spiritual leader Ogyen Trinley Dorje, a court in Una on May 21 had given its nod to drop charges against him in the foreign currency haul case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135261", "title": "Govt hardens stance against nurses", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a warning to the agitating contractual nurses on Tuesday, the government said unless they join duty, the strike will be treated as a service break. They have to re-start service whenever they decide to join again and wait for six years from the new date of joining to get regularized, health secretary Pradipta Kumar Mahapatra said. He also said that the government will not hold talks with representatives of All Odisha Contractual Nurses Association (AOCNA), which is not a legitimate association.While the nurses are demanding that all contractual nurses be regularized, the government has stuck to its decision of regularizing services of those who have completed six years in service. The health secretary also warned that government may impose ESMA on the agitating nurses. \"Nursing service is covered under ESMA. The government may impose if it felt the necessity,\" Mahapatra said.This follows as the talks with the nurses remained inconclusive on Tuesday. The agitating contractual nurses, on their part, announced to take a final decision on their future course of action by Wednesday. \"As decided a day earlier, a six-member delegation met chief secretary B K Patnaik on Tuesday. However, he conveyed that he would not negotiate with the nurses in view of the Orissa High Court notice to the government on why Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) will not be imposed on the agitators. We will announce our next course of action in a press conference on Wednesday,\" said Gangadhar Panigrahi, AOCNA president.Panigrahi said the health secretary's views are unfortunate as the association is duly registered. Panigrahi said if government insists on six years of service as precondition to regularise, services of only 63 of the 2,204 contractual staff will become regular. \"The government should create 10,669 posts of nurses as per the recommendation of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). The government passed an order in October 2010 that it will create 6963 posts. However those were not created,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133777", "title": "No flying over Samrala Chowk", "text": "LUDHIANA: For those who're planning a visit to Chandigarh, Delhi or Jalandhar, make sure to start at least an hour early to cover for the delay you're likely to face at Samrala Chowk. The city's key junction, which greets passengers who are travelling to and from these cities, has already been in the thick of activity due to construction of flyover along NH-1. However, what's made matters worse is the stoppage of work, due to which the Punjab and Haryana high court has slapped a contempt notice on the contractor.The work, which is being carried out under NH-1's six-laning project, started around May 2009 on the 2.5km stretch between Samrala Chowk and Jalandhar Bypass. It was scheduled to get completed by November 2011 but the work is still going at a snail's pace even as HC ordered the road construction agency to complete it by March 2012.Talking to TOI, deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari said: \"The contractor has not been undertaking construction work on this stretch for long. The NHAI has imposed a penalty on the contractor, Soma Infrastructure Private Limited, for the delay. Recently, Punjab and Haryana HC also took the contractor to task for the slow pace of work and ordered the road company to complete work on highway in Punjab till March 31, 2013.\"But for Bahadur Singh, a businessman who has his office near Samrala Chowk, the delay is killing. \"Instead of increasing the pace of construction, they stopped work altogether. I heard they are short of construction material for the project. The deadline of March 2013 too doesn't seem plausible. The traffic jams are suffocating during peak hours,\" he said.Boby Prabhakar, a businessman of Shaheed Karnial Singh Nagar, said, \"It is shocking that the clogged Samrala Chowk will not see better days soon. We have pinned high hopes on the flyover but that too seems a distant dream.\"Traffic to and from Chandigarh, Delhi and Jalandhar converges at the chowk even as heavy vehicles, cars and autorickshaws from the city ply along. Five traffic cops are deployed at the 150-m stretch but keeping the traffic volume in mind, they fail to make too much difference. With there being no separate lanes for light and heavy vehicles, the onus on regulating traffic falls mostly on the signals, which too remain non-functional on many occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15135468", "title": "Ventilators lying defunct at SCB pediatric ward", "text": "CUTTACK: The two ventilators installed at the ICU of the pediatric ward of SCB Medical College and Hospital are lying defunct for the last four years and patients continue to suffer owing to it. Two ventilators were installed at the eight-bedded ICU of the pediatric ward in 2007. Both of them went out of order within six months. Since then, the hospital authorities have neither repaired nor replaced them.In absence of the life-saving equipment, patients are forced to make do with \"ambu bags\", which one continuously has to pump manually. \"My six-month-old son is suffering from some brain infection and was admitted to the pediatric ICU last week. As the ventilator is not functioning, we have to pump the ambu bag through out the day. It can't be a solution,\" said Bikash Patnaik, father of a patient.It's really strange that the pediatric ward is functioning without the ventilators. Hospital sources said they were aware that patients were facing problems in the absence of ventilators. \"As such there are only two ventilators in the eight-bed ICU, and the worse thing is that both the ventilators are lying defunct. We are forced to ask the attendants to shift their patients to Sishu bhawan and other private hospitals which have ventilator facility,\" said a hospital staff on condition of anonymity.\"We are aware of the problem, but the ventilators are in very bad shape and cannot be repaired. We are trying to purchase some new ventilators for the pediatric ward,\" said D N Moharana, superintendent of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15128198", "title": "Dudhsagar Dairy to supply cattle feed to three states", "text": "VADODARA: Mehsana's Dudhsagar Dairy has commissioned its cattle feed plant with 1,000 metric tonne capacity. After commissioning this cattle feed plant at Jagudan, which has turned Dudhsagar into country's biggest producer of cattle feed, the dairy now plans to start supplying the feed to milk societies in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana.\"To strengthen dairy activities in the 'mandalis' that we have started in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana, we will start supplying cattle feed from Jagudan to the milk societies so that we can double milk procurement from these milk societies this winter,\" Mehsana Dairy's chairman Vipul Chaudhary told TOI.According to Dudhsagar Dairy officials, the dairy currently collects six lakh litre per day (LLPD) milk from nearly 3,500 mandalis that the dairy has set up in Rajasthan, UP and Haryana. The milk is then processed at its satellite dairy plant in Manesar from where it gets packaged and sold under the brand Amul in Delhi market.\"We expect to increase procurement to 12 LLPD this winter as we start providing cattle feed, animal husbandry and veterinary services to this mandalis in these states, where farmers are exploited as they presently do not have access to the organized sector,\" said an official, adding that the dairy has already installed around 25 chilling centres in the three states.It was in 2009 that the Mehsana District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd (MDCMPUL) popularly known as Dudhsagar Dairy had laid the foundation for its second cattle feed manufacturing plant at Jagudan to manufacture 1,000 metric tonne cattle feed per day.The plant has come up on a land where erstwhile Gujarat Cooperative Oil Seeds Growers Federation Ltd once had an oil mill, which the dairy took over from the National Dairy Development Board. This plant is in addition to Dudhsagar Dairy's existing plants at Boriyavi and Ukkal with 900 metric tonne per day capacity.\"After achieving the 10 lakh kg per day production capacity, we have already increased the supply of our cattle feed to milk producers across Gujarat including north Gujarat, Saurashtra and south Gujarat region providing farmers a cheap but quality alternative at a time when prices of cattle feed have skyrocketed,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "15135286", "title": "Policeman arrested for taking Rs 5,000 as bribe in Vapi", "text": "VAPI: Vapi town police sub-inspector R V Rathwa was caught red-handed by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths while allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000 here on Tuesday.There was a scuffle between a watchman and a worker at a construction site on Kabrastan Road in the town subsequent to which the latter was found dead under suspicious circumstances. Investigation officer in the case Rathwa had demanded money to go to Amravati district in Maharashtra in search of the accused watchman who is believed to have fled there.ACB inspector S Rana said Rathwa has been arrested under the provision of Anti Corruption Act. He would be produced in a court soon. The complaint was filed by administrator of the construction site Mahesh Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15134337", "title": "Fresh \u2018T\u2019rouble in the works", "text": "HYDERABAD: The violent opposition by the TRS to YSR Congress working president Vijayamma's visit to Sircilla in Telangana's Karimnagar district on Monday is a clear pointer to the revival of the grassroots agitation for the separate state by the subregional party, sources said.While the details of the kind of agitation are yet to be finalized, the agenda would include 'peaceful' demonstrations, dharnas by the region's employees and possibly even hartals and bandhs. Until last week, TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao had been reining in the TRS and T Joint Action Committee (TJAC) leaders on the assurance that he had been given clear signals from the Congress high command that Telangana will become a reality soon, and had even gone on to give September 30 as the cut-off date.\"However, we are now quite clear that KCR has been led up the garden path. The Congress appears to have no intention of moving forward on Telangana. While cold-shouldering the TRS, the ruling party is all of a sudden displaying an unnatural bonhomie with the YSR Congress. Therefore, the TRS has no option but to revive the agitation for the separate state,\" influential party sources told TOI. In fact, right up to the voting in the presidential election on July 19, the TRS was brimming with confidence that a positive announcement on Telangana was round the corner. TJAC convenor M Kodandaram, in fact, was prevailed upon by KCR not to revive the agitation from the grassroots level as a positive T announcement was in the offing.\"It is in the hope of such an announcement that KCR had been staying put in his Pragnapur farm house in Karimnagar district. But with the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre not showing any signs of moving forward on Telangana, the agitation will have to be revived. Abstaining from voting in the presidential poll was the first indication of the changing ties between the Congress and TRS,\" the sources said. It was in these circumstances that Vijayamma announced her deeksha in Sircilla.The TRS had hoped that growing as anti-Congress forces, the TRS in the Telangana region and YSR Congress in the other two regions could forge some sort of understanding in the run up to the 2014 elections and even consider forming a government together after the polls. It was under these expectations that the TRS had not opposed Jaganmohan Reddy's entry into Armoor in Nizambad district in January 2012 as well as Vijayamma's visit to Parkal in June this year to campaign for the bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135152", "title": "Literature lovers are loving it", "text": "INDORE: Literature lovers in city have reasons for laughing out loud literally. More like-minded youths driven by their passion for words are coming forward to strengthen the platform where they can quench their thirst for literary knowledge.LOL (Lovers Of Literature), which was started one-and-a-half year ago, has already expanded its following to 620 people on its Facebook page. All of them share common interests and have flair for poems and discuss various literary issues on the web forum. Of late, they have also started participating in the meetings where they discuss various literary topics.Saurabh Kumar Das, a writer, who had formed the group on the social networking site says: \"I have created this group to provide a platform for the people with similar mindset so that they can share their thoughts, recite their work and get influenced by other's works.\"\"So far, LOL has organized seven events in the form of informal gatherings of the literature-lovers. 'Impact of Literature on Cinema', 'Gulshan-e-gulzaar' and literature with cappuccino were the theme of some of the meets held recently.\"Das adds: \"We normally organize these events in a coffee shop but our last event was conducted in Regional park.\"Generally, the discussions are held in three rounds. In the first round, speech on prominent author is given by any of the members, while in the second round discussion on famous books is held. The LOL members recite their original work in the final round.Literature aficionado Prof Deepa Vanjani, who has been teaching for the last 15 years, started a literature group 'cafe palette poetry group' three months ago, and has recently named this group 'shabd craft'. The members of the group also stay connected on the Facebook page and through regular meetings.She says \"I have formed this group to create a platform where the amateur writers, particularly youngsters, can share their writings, and conduct discussions on publication and other literary issues. Good works by renowned writers are also brought to the attention of all so that the reading habit remains alive.\"\"The city does not have a very conducive ambience for flourishing of literature and talents in the particular field. I came across a lot of youngsters who were writing in English and Hindi but did not have a platform to portray their talents. To provide a platform to these amateurs, I started this group,\" adds Vanjani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132479", "title": "Lucknow: Hours of rain, days of pain", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tuesday morning proved to be a real test for the citizens from all walks of life, as morning rain lashed virtually each and every part of the Lucknow. The challenge was to reach the school, college or office without getting injured by the pot-holed and waterlogged roads and work despite power-cuts. Though most of the people passed the test, but by the time day ended, they ended up lamenting the system and poorly used public funds for the trouble they faced. TOI spoke to residents in different parts of the city to get a first hand idea of their rain tales.Sapru Marg: The area was filled with ankle deep water. Water along with dirt and filth entered the house of the residents. Some people opened the manhole for the passage of water, but as it was left open, it increased the risk of accidents. It was a golden opportunity for the rickshaw-pullers who charged Rs 50 for barely 50 metres. \"I waded through the dirty rain water and fear getting skin infection,\" said Kamla, a student.Gomtinagar: Vishal Khand area was under knee to waist deep water. The stretch from Taj Hotel to Ambedkar Park had become a pool of water. Commuters driving through the localities were trapped, as their vehicles got stuck in the rain water. \"Water entered my house, which made the situation worse. My brother had to stay out for more than two hours, as his car could not enter the locality because of waterlogging,\" said Anuj Tewari, a legal advisor.Hind Nagar, Kanpur Road: The locality was under knee deep water after heavy rain. Broken roads also increased the problem of commuting. \"The overflowing sewer has made the area very dirty. Some of my neighbours are suffering from water-borne diseases,\" said Nirmala Mishra, a housewife. Another resident, Kamna said, \"This is not the first time that the area is filled with water. Whenever it rains continuously for an hour, the whole area gets submerged.\"Hazratganj: In the initial hours of rain, the stretch from GPO to Sahu theatre was waterlogged, but with the passage of time, the water receded. Similarly, denizens waded through the filthy rain water in Rana Pratap Marg and Ashok Marg. Slushy roads and presence of pot holes in which rain water increased the problem of commuting. \"The problem of commuting is a regular feature in the area whenever it rains,\" said Ayush Singh, a student.Vikasnagar: The poor roads led to choked potholes and overflowing drains added to the misery of the residents. They found it difficult to commute on the slushy roads. PK Dubey, a resident of Vikasnagar, said, \"There has been a problem of power cut in our area. We complained to the officials, but in vain and the phones are not responding. The condition of roads has worsened after the rains. There is severe waterlogging outside our house. The nagar nigam sweepers never clean the gutters and the garbage dump has come onto the roads adding to the dirt and filth.\"Aliganj : People preferred to stay indoors due to incessant rain that lashed the city. The problem of roads caving in gripped the area. The trenches that were dug up few months back added to the people's woes. Rains spelt trouble for them, as the area was without electricity for hours. The improper sewage system resulted in heavy waterlogging in the area. \"I could not go to my office due to waterlogging. Monsoon came last year also, but it was definitely not so bad,\" said Kamna Sharma, a working professional and the resident of the area.Jankipuram: The ankle-deep water in the area entered the houses and residents were seen removing the dirt and filth that had percolated in the overflowing drains. The garbage dump that was removed from the gutters by Lucknow Municipal Corporation was seen flowing into the drains again. \"The purpose of taking out the garbage dump was to clean the gutters. But now when it has rained again the drains will get choked. I do not understand why do authorities leave the work half done?\" said Manasvi Shukla, a resident of the area. Indiranagar: Muddy and semiconstructed roads choked with water. There was no electricity in the area for hours and people had tough time surviving without drinking water, since power cut means no water-supply. \"It has been raining since morning and I was forced to take leave,\" said Bhawna Bisht, a resident of the area.Chowk: In Chowk, choked drains and potholed roads added to the miseries of the residents. \"Rain spelt trouble for them, as the area remained without electricity for more than five hours. People found it difficult to wade through the muddy and semiconstructed roads,\" said Nazia Izaz, a company secretary. Mahanagar: Heavy waterlogging was also reported from Mahanagar area. Commuters driving through the locality were trapped, as their vehicles got stuck in the rainwater. Slushy and potholed roads aggravated the problem of commuters. Prolong power cuts is making our life more miserable,\" said Neera Rastogi.Rajajipuram: \"If an hour of rain makes the condition miserable, then what will happen if it rains for 6-7 hours? I think that condition will be unbearable. I don't understand why no measures are been taken up. Water logging and rain is one issue but power cuts are adding more miseries in the life of the residents,\" said Usha Singh a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130954", "title": "Stir by Nirma students continues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The agitation launched by the students of Nirma University continued on Tuesday even as the university authorities wrote to the parents explaining the fee hike initiated by them.The students have alleged that they were called to the university on Tuesday afternoon on the pretext of a meeting to sort out the matter but were forced to hand over their identity cards. They said that the university authorities threatened to take strict action against them if they failed to resume studies from Wednesday onwards.Executive registrar of the university D P Chhaya denied these allegations and said that the students are free not to attend classes. He said that classes were held as per the schedule during the day. The students of the university have been protesting the increase in tuition fee by the fee regulatory committee since Monday. They have been demanding a roll back while alleging that despite charging high fees, there is no infrastructure in the university.The committee has increased the tuition fee for the IT engineering course by Rs 17,000 and for the pharmacy course by Rs 55,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135154", "title": "Awareness drive on rainwater harvesting begins", "text": "INDORE: To promote rainwater harvesting, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to spread awareness among the people. Two vehicles of IMC started moving in different parts of city from Tuesday, educating people through display and models. The awareness drive is likely to continue till the end of the monsoon.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that civic body is giving six per cent rebate in property tax for the building owners if they install rainwater harvesting system in their building. IMC will also give free technical advice and consultancy to those who wants to install rainwater harvesting.\"The vehicles will move into lanes of the city to create awareness about rainwater harvesting. Monsoon has just started and it is the right time to sensitize people about its importance,\" he said adding that ground water level of the city has depleted drastically and Indore is one of the areas with most critically exploited ground water.Civic officials believe that rainwater harvesting is the only way to arrest the depleting ground water level. Right now, around 40 per cent of the city population is dependent on ground water and further depletion of ground water will create serious water crises in the city.Vipul Shah , a businessman, however said that cosmetic actions like distributing pamphlets and creating awareness through vehicles alone will not serve the purpose.\"Civic body only talks about rainwater harvesting but it has not taken any serious efforts for its implementation. If Chennai can successfully implement rainwater harvesting system then why can't Indore,\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137874", "title": "Sudeshna Roy directs son", "text": "It's time for a son to step into his mom's shoes. For the first time ever, director Sudeshna Roy will be directed by her son Shaket Banerjee for an upcoming play, Woof Men. The play, which is in partly musical format, revolves around a nuclear family comprising parents, a son and their dog.While Kalyan Gupta and Sudeshna Roy play the parents, Shaket plays the son while the role of the dog has been essayed by Swarnendu Chatterjee. Bhagyashree Chowdhury, a schoolgirl, plays Shaket's girlfriend while Ahel Maswood plays his drug dealer friend. When we ask ed Sudeshna how it felt to be directed by her son, she said, \"I am more disciplined on the sets than I usually am. I am focused, reach on time and don't indulge in pranks. Basically, I am trying to set an example. But I have my share of fun as there are so many youngsters on the sets. This will also help me in my next film, which will be a sequel to \"Cross Connection\".\" Another of her films, \" Bapi Bari Ja\" , will release in September. About the play, she said, \"It is a contemporary and original play about a cosmopolitan Indian family where people speak in not-so-perfect English. We are targeting a niche audience.\" The 1 hour 20 minutes play will be staged on July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15134636", "title": "Acid attack: Cops arrest victim's friend", "text": "BELGAUM: Yamakanmardi police on Sunday nabbed one of the accused in connection with the acid attack case on July 17 at Hosur village in Hukkeri taluk, in which a woman was attacked. Babusab Ramzansab Multani, 26, is from the same village, said police.On the day of the incident, the accused threw a stone at the house of Ujwala Jinnappa Bastade, 22. When she came out to investigate, the accused splashed acid on her face and fled. Ujwala who is separted from her husband was residing with her mother.Ujwala heads a self-help group in the village. Police sources say she was involved with the accused. But of late, the couple split up over differences. Babusab had been threatening Ujwala over the phone, and she had filed a police complaint last year. Speaking to TOI, PSI Basavaraj Mukartihal said they are investigating the exact cause for the attack. \"We suspect that more were involved in the attack,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15134690", "title": "Campco urges caution on banning gutka, pan masala", "text": "MANGALORE: The Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative (Campco) Ltd has urged the government to take a considered view to the notice issued by the Karnataka High Court to ban production, storage, sale and distribution of gutka, pan masala and other chewable products with nicotine and tobacco as ingredients. The multi-state co-operative sought a ban on cigarette and tobacco products, if ban on gutka was deemed prudent.Konkodi Padmanabha, president of Campco, told reporters here on Tuesday that the high court notice to the government and any resultant ban would have a direct bearing on the livelihood of scores of arecanut and tobacco growers in Karnataka. Asserting that nicotine or tobacco was not a raw material used in the preparation of pan masala, which was made purely from arecanut, he said the same had been clearly mentioned on pan masala sachets being sold in the market.The Food Safety and Standards Act (2006) permits the use of ingredients deemed harmful to humans in prescribed quantity, Padmanabha said, adding that the difference between gutka and pan masala was clearly established in a civil suit 4674/ 2004 filed before the Supreme Court and needs no elaboration. The Union ministry of health and family welfare has also included arecanut and arecanut products in the list of food items, he added.While pointing out that 80% of the ingredients in gutka was nothing but arecanut, Padmanabha said the use of tobacco had sullied the image of this horticultural cash crop which is predominantly grown in 15 districts of the State and in five districts of Kerala. The government must announce a suitable compensation package to farmers growing tobacco and arecanut if it decides to ban gutka or pan masala and also take steps to ban all tobacco products.Campco plans to file a writ petition before the Karnataka High Court to protect the interest of arecanut growers and has appealed to the government to protect the interests of the farmers in this case. A writ petition filed before the Kerala High Court in this regard is also pending for orders, Padmanabha said, adding that the government must keep all aspects of the case in mind and think of an alternative instead of a ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15134675", "title": "Reconstruct Laxmanrao's house: Vishnu Wagh", "text": "The ancestral house of famed Indian classical percussionist, Laxmanrao alias Khaprumam Parvatkar should be repaired or reconstructed and converted together with his personal belongings into a beautiful museum, MLA Vishnu Wagh stated in Goa assembly. Speaking during the debate on demand for grants to art and culture on Tuesday, Wagh lamented that nothing had been created in the memory of the doyen in the field of tabla and pakawaz. \"His house below Chandranath Parvat can be reconstructed and his instruments (and personal effects) can be turned into a beautiful museum,\" Wagh said. The managing committee of Shree Chandreshwar Bhutnath Saunsthan is toying with the idea of repairing the house, but may find it difficult due to financial requirements. But with the government's help, the project can go ahead, Wagh added.MLAs elected to TCP, edu board: Two members of Goa legislative assembly were on Tuesday elected to town and country planning (TCP) department and Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education. Speaker Rajendra Arlekar announced that Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral (BJP) and Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar (Cong) have been elected to TCP and Sanguem MLA Subhash Phal Desai (BJP) and Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar (MGP) Goa board.Ponda MLA wants probe into cultural centre:MGP MLA Lavoo Mamledar demanded an inquiry into the quick disintegration of Ponda's cultural centre, the Rajiv Kala Mandir, which is under reconstruction within eight years of its opening. Mamledar sought to know what action has been initiated against the contractor, as the citizens of Ponda have no facility for cultural activities.Govt attacked over employment: The government came under criticism from the opposition for not ensuring sufficient employment for Goans in industries in Goa. St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, who had tabled a question on employment, sought to know the percentage of jobs given to local youth in industries in Goa. He said governments in the past, to safeguard the interest of local youth, had envisaged to provide 80% jobs to Goan youth but this seems to have been thrown to the winds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chirang/ kokrajhar", "code": "15134885", "title": "Assam ethnic riots: Tight vigil as tension spreads", "text": "CHIRANG/ KOKRAJHAR: Assam DGP J N Choudhury visited the violence-hit districts and met top security officers. Choudhury also met BTC chief Hagrama Mahilary and other organizations and urged them to stop killings and arson. Mohilary said that he asked the DGP to deploy adequate security personnel for guarding BTC's border with Dhubri district to prevent miscreants from fuelling trouble.Choudhury said 14 more companies will we deployed in the districts as re-enforcement over the next three to four days. \"Though the situation in BTC is very tense, the overall situation is under control. Our priority is to bring back confidence among the people. We hope to bring back normalcy as soon as possible,\" he said.Despite the increase in strength of paramilitary forces, people in many parts of the two districts remained unconvinced, complaining that security cover is inadequate or response of the security forces in case of trouble was slow. \"If our village had sufficient security forces, they would not have been gutted. We do not feel safe and want security forces to be stationed in our villages, rather than just visit on patrolling duty,\" said a resident of Malgaon, a Bodo-dominated village which was set on fire on Tuesday morning.Similar complains were heard from the minority-dominated hamlets. \"When villages in our area were set ablaze on Monday evening, only a handful of security personnel were present. The miscreants numbered in hundreds and the troops were outnumbered. How can we be safe in such situation?\" said Afsar Ali of Nangalbhanga village in Chirang district.On Tuesday, Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain, transport minister Chandan Brahma, Mohilary, BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgary, All Bodo Students Union (Absu), All Bodoland Minority Students Union (ABMSU) and All Assam Minority Students Union (Aamsu) met at Kalgaon in Chirang district to find way out of the ethnic turmoil. While demand for more security cover was raised by the student organizations, Hussain appealed leaders from both the communities to help defusing the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagercoil", "code": "15134538", "title": "Locomotive derails during shunting operation", "text": "NAGERCOIL: The locomotive of the Nagercoil - Coimbatore passenger train, which was shunting the empty coaches from the yard to the platform derailed on Tuesday morning. However, no casualties were reported. The rake was being taken to the platform 3 at around 6.30am when it derailed. The incident occurred after the staff tried to move the train to the platform by using the buffer line that extends up to Kariamanickam.During the operation, the diesel locomotive and the luggage-cum-brake van derailed, colliding against the end line and it fell in the adjacent agricultural land. Railway officials and police personnel rushed to the spot and the derailed coach and locomotive were disconnected and the rest of coaches were restored using a spare locomotive. Due to the incident, the train was delayed by around 30 minutes, railway officials said. It is the third accident such incident in the last three months due to lapses in shunting operations.Senior railway officials said that the mishap was due to lapse in shunting operations and a departmental inquiry has been ordered in this regard. Train services, however, were not affected other than a few were getting delayed, they said. \"We have ordered an inquiry in this regard and the restoration of the locomotive and coach works are being undertaken,\" the official said. When asked about the repeated accidents in Nagercoil Junction in shunting operations, officials said that the incompetency of the railway staff was suspected as the reason.Meanwhile, the rail users associations charged that the Nagercoil Junction is heavily congested as the Thiruvananthapuram division maintains most of its passenger trains in the junction. P Edward Jeni, secretary of Kanyakumari District Railway User's Association ( KKDRUA) said that there are four platforms, three pit lines, three stabling lines, one sick line and a small shed to maintain trains. However, most of passenger trains of the division are being sent to Nagercoil Junction for maintenance causing severe congestion.\"We have estimated that 550 coaches are maintained in the junction and the number of railway employees is not adequate for such a load. Thiruvananthapuram division follows a step-motherly attitude towards Kanyakumari district and dumps the trains for maintenance. The workers are forced to overwork leading to frequent accidents,\" he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130398", "title": "'Bandh' called by Telangana student organizations partial in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The educational bandh called by the Telangana student organizations on Tuesday was partial. Some instances of vandalism were reported when student organizations forcibly closed schools at Bachupally, Choutuppal and Nanakramguda. The Osmania University Students' Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) went around Tarnaka area at around 7 am and forced closure of schools. Members of the JAC claimed that 70% of the schools remained closed in the city owing to bandh.This was the fifth working day which was lost due to educational bandhs since the commencement of the academic year on June 12. Schools in the state require 221 working days to complete the syllabus. The school managements have been complaining about frequent derailment of the academic schedule due to 'T' bandhs.School managements requested the agitators to spare schools from bandhs. \"We had also requested the government to bring under the purview of the Essential Services Maintenance Act,\" said S Srinivas Reddy, president, recognized schools managements association. The last educational bandh was on July 17.In addition to forcible closure of schools, the agitators also damaged a school bus of Vidyapeeth Primary School at Bachupally on Tuesday as the management refused to shut their gates in response to the bandh call.Osmania University remained tense in the morning as the Telangana supporters took out a rally in support of the bandh call. The rally started at around 10am and the students were stopped by the police and paramilitary forces at the NCC Gate. The stand-off between the police and students lasted for over 30 minutes with students pelting stones at the police vehicles. Meanwhile, two students who participated in the 'Chalo Assembly' rally organized by the 'T' protestors on July 20, were arrested and remanded in custody.Meanwhile, shops and establishments were remained closed in Warangal and Karimnagar districts in response to bandh call given by TRS on Tuesday. Schools and colleges were also closed as part of the educational institutions' bandh in Telangana districts.Roadside petty businesses were also closed due to the TRS bandh across Karimnagar town and municipalities of Jagityal, Korutla and Sircilla including mandal headquarters in the district. RTC bus services operated after 11am with the police force across the district. Advocates boycotted duties in the district court and registered their protest by conducting a quiet procession.However, businessmen took out a rally in protest against two consecutive bandhs at Sircilla town on Tuesday. Speaking at the rally, Buchaiah, a businessman, alleged that local TRS leaders had given a bandh call on Monday in protest against Vijayamma's 'Cheneta Deeksha' (protest for weavers). Bandhs for two consecutive days had affected their business, he rued. Police personnel made elaborate security arrangements in view of the bandh and established checkposts on the outskirts in Karimnagar. However, no untoward incidents were reported.All the educational institutions including playschools were shut in view of the bandh call by Telangana Rashtra Samithi Vidyarthi Vibhagam (TRSV) on Tuesday. TRSV called for bandh against the police action on students at Sircilla and Warangal during the Vijayamma deeksha at Sircilla on Monday. The activists took out a rally at Warangal town and closed the government schools and colleges at Hanamkonda town. TRSV leader Vasudevareddy and eight others were taken into the police custody when they tried to attack a private college that was functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15134721", "title": "Panel to review trade licence fee hike", "text": "MYSORE: Bowing down to the pressure of traders, the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) has decided to review its decision to hike the trade licence fee. A committee, comprising officials and traders, will be formed to study the issue.It was decided in a recent meeting held at the Old Council Hall with the traders and MCC chief M R Ravi. Traders have been demanding roll back of the hike claiming that it was unscientific. Members of the Hotel Owners' Association, who approached the high court against the hike, are now paying only 30 % of the revised hike following a court order.While some are paying according to the new rates and many stick to the old rates.\"We are not against the hike. We have requested the MCC keep the hike at 20 per cent.The MCC chief said the fee was not revised since 11 years and it has been done in the interest of the city's development. Now, the committee will recommend for revision which later can be placed before the council for approval,\" association chief M Rajendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134925", "title": "Police inquiring into Pritam's death: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday said the state police were conducting an in-depth inquiry into the death of an Assam-based student, Pritam Bhattacharjee, whose body was found near Katoriya station in Barauni-Katihar rail section on July 17. Kumar said he had asked DGP Abhayanand to speak to his Assam counterpart on the death of the 25-year-old student, who was travelling by the Awadh-Assam Express from Guwahati to New Delhi.Kumar said the state police department had taken it up as a challenge. The body of Pritam, a resident of Silchar in Assam, was found by the GRP near a bridge near Katoriya station in the Barauni-Katihar rail section on July 17.A day earlier he had gone missing after he got down from the Awadh-Assam Express, in which he was travelling, at the Naugachia station to lodge a complaint following a tiff with some unknown persons inside the train, the sources said. A case of his kidnapping was registered by his uncle Dada Mohan Bhattacharjee with the Naugachia rail police station. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15129733", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams staffers held for conversions", "text": "TIRUMALA: The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) came under cloud once again for ineffective implementation of GO no.746, which prohibits religious conversions and canvassing in favour of other religions atop the temple. In a first, three TTD employees were taken into custody on Tuesday by the vigilance officers for carrying out proselytisation activities. An enquiry has been ordered into their antecedents.When the vigilance sleuths raided their homes, posters and material of other religious faiths were found in the number V quarters of Krishnamma, Yasodamma and Eswaraiah. Acting swiftly, joint executive officer (JEO) Srinivasa Raju transferred them from Tirumala. As per GO 746, which is applicable to TTD alone, if any one is found carrying out campaigning for other religions they are punishable with imprisonment for three years. \"Religious material was found at their places. After a thorough enquiry we will submit a report to the executive officer,\" Ashok Kumar , chief vigilance officer, told TOI.Tirumala was a witness to similar incidents of proselytisation in the past. One of the employees, Nagaraju was caught by the pilgrims when he was indulging in proselytisation last year. He was handed over to the police and transferred from Tirumala duties. A few months back a nurse Aruna working in a hospital was also identified as carrying out similar activities but no stringent action was taken against her. Workers from West Bengal and Odisha working in a hotel were picked up when the vigilance officials found religious material in their home.Taking umbrage at a series of these activities, Hindu prachara dharma activists came down heavily on the TTD. \"They do lip service but no serious action is taken on the culprits. Our memoranda to put an end to these activities have had no impact on the authorities. We suspect there are at least 100 such employees in Tirumala,\" BJP leader Bhanuprakash Reddy rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133621", "title": "Train molestation case: Short-staffed railway cops throw up their hands", "text": "BANGALORE: Tuesday's incident has once again brought the safety of railway passengers to the fore. Railway security personnel, however, claim that security of passengers in South India is not a matter of serious concern, unlike in the North. Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force authorities claim that passengers travelling between Mysore and Bangalore have not felt insecure in trains and no such incident has been reported in the past. With almost every train between the destinations running to full capacity, there is no room for misbehaviour.GRP personnel regularly go on beats in trains to ensure the safety of passengers, while RPF personnel join them only in select trains. Sources in the Railways, however, claim that due to lack of security personnel, they are finding it difficult to ensure security on the trains. An officer claimed there is only a handful of personnel working in the Mysore railway police division, which covers four districts, including Mysore and Mandya. It is difficult to extend security on all trains with the available staff. Personnel are deployed for various work like crime investigation, platform duty, sentry duty, court work, Special Branch work, traffic control as well as for security of passengers. \"Since Independence, we have had the same staff strength of three dozen personnel at Mysore railway station,\" an officer said, regretting the lack of staff to patrol and accompany trains.\"There is a lot for railway authorities to do with regard to the safety of passengers. As a regular passenger, I feel officers should focus more between Mandya and Bangalore on this score,\" says N Sudeesh, a private firm employee in Bangalore. Says Nethra R of Mysore, \"We don't know who to contact whenever we come across an unpleasant situation on the move.\"RPF divisional security commissioner, Mysore, PK Mohan Das told TOI that RPF works in coordination with Railway Police to extend security to railway passengers but they send armed security personnel only on select trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134254", "title": "Practical difficulties remain in enforcing ban", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi banned tourism in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) and Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) from Wednesday following the Supreme Court ban on tourism in core areas of reserves, there are several impracticalities in the decision.The ruling comes on a PIL filed by conservationist Ajay Dubey of Prayatna demanding ban on commercial tourism activities from core or critical tiger habitats (CTHs) in the tiger reserves.However, the approved ecotourism policy of the Centre itself states that regulated community-based ecotourism is permitted in 20% area of national parks, sanctuaries, core and CTHs which are larger than 500 sq km. Besides, in parks smaller than 500 sq km, such tourism can be permitted in 10% of the area.If the present ruling is considered, then core of MTR is 1,500 sq km comprising Melghat, Wan, Ambabarwa and Narnala sanctuaries and Gugamal National Park, while Tadoba core is 625 sq km and Pench 257 sq km. Barring tar road in Tadoba, all parks are closed during monsoon and hence the ban would not make much difference.Dubey's contention is that after notification of the core or CTH, the areas should kept inviolate for tiger conservation. 'Inviolate' means without any disturbance by human beings. Tourism activity in such areas would mean violation of NTCA guidelines.Wildlife experts say it is difficult to impose the ban. There are 5 villages in Tadoba, 20 in Melghat and 1 in Pench which contravene the guidelines. \"The state will have to tell the apex court that these parks cannot become inviolate unless the villages are rehabilitated. The relocation is going at a snail's pace due to paucity of funds,\" experts told TOI.Maharashtra needs around Rs1,200 crore to shift the 26 villages out. Every year, Rs100 crore is being released for relocation. \"At this speed, it will take around 10 years to relocate these villages,\" they said.Human rights activists have expressed concern that if villagers are being moved out, then tourists should also be kept out. \"But tourists cannot be compared with these villagers who are putting huge pressure on the reserves,\" said the experts TOI spoke to.However, tiger conservationists like Kishor Rithe were happy over the decision on buffer. \"Now, state will have to notify Sahyadri buffer zone,\" he said.Naqvi says the ban is for ecotourists and not villagers. \"We cannot force the villagers to move out,\" he said. Naqvi admitted that it is impossible to ban traffic on road (toward MP and South) passing through Melghat reserve.This is perhaps the biggest loophole and can be challenged in court. \"If tourism is banned in CTHs, traffic should also be banned,\" said an expert. A state transport bus still passes through Tadoba between Chandrapur and Chimur.People in the guise of tourists can still enter the core areas posing as relatives of villagers. \"The court's final decision on August 22 will give a clear picture,\" said Rithe.Meanwhile, Tadoba has decided to refund all booking amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129393", "title": "Rain plays truant, Maharashtra stares at drought", "text": "MUMBAI: The state might have to face one of its worst water crisis and drought if the monsoon does not revive. During a state cabinet meeting, the possibility of one-third of the state being hit by water shortage and drought was discussed. \"According to preliminary estimates, nearly 15,000 villages spread across 100 talukas could face severe water crisis if the rain situation does not improve,\" a senior state official informed cabinet members.The average rainfall across the state this year (344 mm till July 18) is 77% of the normal average (449 mm) recorded by this time. The state cabinet was also informed that the monsoon Further worrying, the state cabinet was informed, monsoon performance has been very poor in 228 of the 355 talukas, which account for roughly 68%, have received poor rains so far. \"Less than 25% of normal monsoon has been recorded in 10 talukas. In 69 others, only 25% to 50% of the normal monsoon has been recorded. The situation is especially concerning in parts of Beed, Pune, Satara, Sangli and Chandrapur districts,\" the official told the ministers.The kharif sowing scenario is also worrying. While the average sowing across the state was around 80% of the total cultivable area, it was lower than this average in 202 talukas. \"Less than 25% sowing has so far been witnessed in 90 talukas. Flagging off a scare, the state administration has said that 7,500 villages had suffered water shortage last year even as 102% rainfall had been recorded. \"About 15,000 villages could be affected this time,\" said the official.The government has decided to kick in contingency measures before things worsen. Plans for optimizing use of water resources and increasing water storage, reducing kharif shortfall, strengthening drinking water sources, making prior arrangement for employment generation and saving each drop of water are being worked out. An ambitious catchments management programme is under consideration. Besides this additional budgetary provisions (Rs 1800 cr) for taking up micro-irrigation, farm pond construction, dry land development and well-water recycling could be made.Financial assistance and credit restructuring could be extended to farmers in drought-prone areas. Works for improving the ground water-level by recharging aquifers and works for repairs of dams and water-distribution systems in drought-prone areas could be taken up. Committees would be appointed under the collector to implement the plan. Guardian ministers and divisional commissioner will head the working committee and supervisory committees in districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15134692", "title": "Monsoon weak across Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in five districts of the state, fairly widespread in two districts, scattered in two others, isolated in 14 and negligible in seven districts in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Tuesday.South-west monsoon was normal in five districts and weak in 25 districts. Heavy rain was recorded in two districts, rather heavy in five districts, moderate rain in six districts, light rain in 10 and very light rain in 17 districts.Rainfall over the state in the last 24 hours was considered isolated as 24% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5 mm. Gadikeshwar in Chincholi taluk of Gulbarga district recorded maximum rainfall of 77.5 mm, according to Bangalore-based Karnataka State Natural Disaster Management Centre ( KSNDMC).Uttara Kannada, Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga and Dakshina Kannada reported widespread moderate to heavy rain; Chikmagalur and Haveri received fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain; scattered, moderate rain in Davangere, and Bidar; isolated, light to heavy rain in Bijapur, Gulbarga, Bangalore Urban, Mysore, Ramanagar, Chikkaballapur, Hassan, Yadgir, Belgaum, Dharwad, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur and Gadag.For the period from June 1 to July 23, the State has recorded deficit rainfall of 39%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 412.4 mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 251.5 mm rainfall. For the 24-hour period ending 8.30am on Tuesday, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4 mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 9.4 mm, a deficit of 57%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15134312", "title": "BEd student falls into well, dies", "text": "AMRAVATI: A student of Lalasaheb Deshmukh BEd College died when she fell into a well on July 19. The incident came to fore on Tuesday morning.According to information Sonali Ingle, who hailed Dhamangaon Railway, was studying BEd. She used to stay with her brothers - Nikhil and Bhushan - in a rented house in Ramnagar. On Thursday last, she was having supper with her brothers when suddenly the power went off. She left the place telling her brothers that she would enquire about the power cut with their neighbours and come back quickly. She told brothers to finish their food in the mean time.However, when Sonali did not return home after two-three hours, her brothers grew restless ad searched for her in their neighbourhood. Unable to find her, they decided to lodge a missing complaint at Frejarpura police station.Meanwhile, the brother duo also called their mother to Amravati. On Tuesday, Sonali's mother found her body floating in the well, located on the premises of their house.Sources said that Sonali had an ailing knee due to which she faced problems in folding her leg. \"She remained disturbed because of the ailment, hence chances are there she may have committed suicide,\" sources said.Frejarpura Police have registered a case of accidental death and are probing further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132908", "title": "Dead lizard in packet, ration contract cancelled", "text": "NASHIK: Days after a dead lizard was found in a Take Home Ration (THR) packet for malnourished children, the zilla parishad has cancelled the contract of Nagpur-based Samruddhi Mahila Bachat Gat for supplying the same and a proposal for action would be mooted after the findings from the laboratory are clear.\"The contract has been cancelled and action against the self help group will depend on testing of samples that have been sent to the laboratory,\" deputy chief executive Anamika Ingole said.The zilla parishad was stunned that a packet of Take Home Ration (THR)-meant for malnourished children, lactating mothers and girls attaining puberty in rural areas- distributed through anganwadis, carried a dead lizard in it. The fact came to light on July 11 when Hemlata Pawar, a lactating mother from Eklahara village in Dindori taluka - who opened the packet to cook the ration found the lizard in it.Prakash Wadje, ZP member from Dindori, had in the general body meeting the following day raised the issue demanding immediate recalling of food packets, black listing of the food supplier and repatriation of the deputy chief executive officer of the women and child welfare committee.Chief Executive Officer Ranjit Kumar Mehta said the action against the self help group will also be taken ones the laboratory findings are clear.The official however remained non-committal on action against the deputy CEO for allegedly misleading ZP members by not proving them with informationregarding to her subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134719", "title": "Will inquire into allegations: Civil Supplies minister Dayanand Mandrekar", "text": "PORVORIM: Civil Supplies minister Dayanand Mandrekar on Tuesday said that the government will inquire into the allegation that Bangladeshis had been issued ration cards in the coastal belt of Calangute.He also said that he would ask his officers to inquire into \"bogus ration cards\" issued to migrants as highlighted by members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133684", "title": "Anna Hazare threatens another fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing their offensive against President-elect Pranab Mukherjee , Team Anna said it was unfortunate that the Congress veteran was taking over the high office despite allegations of corruption against him. Taking a swipe at political parties which supported Mukherjee's candidature, Team Anna said there was suspicion of backroom deals.The strong comments came even as activist Anna Hazare first announced that he would sit on an indefinite fast with his colleagues from Wednesday only to defer it to June 29 within a few hours.The activists have three demands: setting up of a special investigation team to probe allegations of corruption against 15 ministers including PM Manmohan Singh , transfer of cases filed against political leaders like Mayawati, Mulayam Singh Yadav and others from CBI to the SIT and fast-track courts to settle cases against 162 MPs in Lok Sabha and 39 in Rajya Sabha.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said the indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar would only end if the government issued a notification setting up an SIT of three retired judges of integrity. He also said the country would not get a Lokpal if the corrupt ministers did not go to jail.Hazare served an ultimatum to the UPA government to decide on the issue within four days failing which he threatened to go on hunger strike from Sunday.Hazare had earlier in the day announced that he would join other Team Anna members in the fast on Wednesday. Instead of fast, he will now sit on a dharna on Wednesday, he said.Earlier, through a video message, he had called for a 'jail bharo' agitation if the government did not take action on their demand.In an apparent reference to a news weekly that reported allegations of corruption against his close aide Suresh Pathare, Hazare accused the government of coming up with a fake CD to malign the movement. He also demanded a probe into the matter.On the fast, Hazare said he was persuaded by his team not to sit on fast from Wednesday because of his health. \"I have told my villagers that I will also sit on fast from tomorrow. My blood pressure is also fluctuating. But the team told me that the fight is long and I should not fast now. I acceded to their wish. But I will wait till four days to see what the government does. Then I will start my fast from Sunday,\" he said.Yoga guru Baba Ramdev will join the fast two days later, Hazare said. Activists Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai will sit on the fast from Wednesday at Jantar Mantar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15133577", "title": "Cops will need more time for probe: Gurgaon top cop", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu has said the investigation into the violence at Maruti's Manesar plant would take a long time as several teams were still gathering evidence and tracking the workers involved in the attack that killed one top management official.\"There are so many things which are yet to be checked and cross-checked during the investigation. The special investigation team is looking at all aspects and it will need time to establish who were behind the incident,\" Sindhu said on Tuesday.On the same day, Anuradha Lamba, the deputy labour commissioner, visited the Gurgaon plant on Old Delhi Road and spoke to the workers about their problems, said Kuldeep Janghu, the general secretary of the Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union, Gurgaon.Responding to reports suggesting that police were near a conclusion in their investigation, Sindhu said: \"The probe is at its initial stages. We cannot say whether or not the violence was planned based on a statement of an accused.\" The CP was referring to the statement made by one of the main accused, Yogesh Kumar, organizing secretary of MSIL, during his interrogation. Kumar had said the violence was not planned.\"We have sent our police teams to different states to round up those who have fled. When the main accused are arrested and interrogated, we would be able to say something,\" said Sindhu.Police have got leads about other accused workers during interrogation of the ones under arrest. However, there has been no fresh arrest in the past 24 hours. Most of them belong to different districts of Haryana and other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131572", "title": "Supreme Court rejects state govt\u2019s appeal against Satish Verma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the state government's appeal against the Gujarat high court's direction to spare the services of IPS officer Satish Verma for the Ishrat Jahan encounter probe.The request to exclude Verma from the CBI team was denied by a bench comprising Justice Surinder Singh Nijjar and Justice H L Gokhale.The Supreme Court noted that the state government wanted to challenge the order after consenting to relieve the officer for the investigation. But the state's counsel raised objections to the behaviour of the former SIT member. The counsel said that Verma had earlier expressed his inability to join the probe, but as soon as the state government moved the Supreme Court, Verma offered to make himself available. However, the judges did not seem much impressed with the submission.On July 13, the high court had ordered the government to spare Verma's services for four months. The government questioned this order. However, this order was merely the implementation of the original order given by the division bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari on December 1, 2011. The original order for Verma's inclusion on the CBI's request has not been challenged.While transferring the probe to the CBI last year, the bench had ordered the government to relieve Verma for the probe, if the CBI wanted him.Last month, the CBI requested the state government to relieve Verma. But inaction on the part of the government made the probe agency file a note in the high court. Then, Verma suffered a fracture and was advised complete rest.Ishrat and three others \u2014 Pranesh Pillai alias Javed Shaikh, Zeeshan Johar and Amjad Ali Rana \u2014 were killed on June 15, 2004, near Kotarpur waterworks. After they were shot dead, the city crime branch declared that they were Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi as a reprisal for the 2002 riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137992", "title": "Bidita nearly missed the National Film Award", "text": "Model-turned-actress Bidita Bag who is making her Bollywood debut with From Sydney With Love, says that her film, As The River Flows nearly won the National Award this year but was shelved because it was not entirely in Hindi.\"Its sounds a little funny to me, but they said the film has many languages in it, Assamese, Hindi etc, hence it cannot be classified under the Hindi film category. But if that's true, how come the song Senorita (From Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara ) won an award? That's Spanish, right?\" says Bidita. This makes it Bidita's second politically controversial film, with the first being the Bengali film Chokker Pani which was filmed on Nandigram and is yet to be released.As The River Flows , which is produced by NFDC and directed by Bidyut Kotoky, is going to be screened at Osian Film Fest beginning July 29. This film is based on the real life story of a social activist Sanjoy Ghosh who was kidnapped in Assam in 1997 and his friend who is a journalist, who tries to go on his trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15135225", "title": "Police causing delay in explosives case against Balwant Singh Rajoana, sister says", "text": "JALANDHAR: Kamaldeep Kaur, sister of Beant Singh assassin Balwant Singh Rajoana, whose hanging has been stayed by the Union home ministry, has demanded that his trial in a 17-year-old case regarding recovery of explosives be completed early, as police were causing inordinate delay in the case by not producing Rajoana in the court.Hearing of the case in a court of Patiala was scheduled on Tuesday. However, police did not produce him in the court of additional sessions judge, Patiala, on Tuesday for security reasons.Kamaldeep Kaur, in a written statement, said that it was the fourth time after March 31 (when Rajoana was scheduled to be hanged) that Rajoana was not being produced in the case. Police have claimed that it he is a dreaded terrorist and there could not be enough security arrangements to produce him, she said.She said that police had been producing Rajoana in the same court, but now police were avoiding producing him in the court. \"Authorities are doing it deliberately on the pretext of security as actually they are afraid of Rajoana's popularity. Authorities think that Rajoana's popularity would wane away by keeping him away from public eye as his production in the court would draw public attention,\" Kamaldeep argued.Hearing in the 17-year-old case should be expedited so that it could reach its logical conclusion, she said.Notably, lakhs of Sikhs had come out on streets in Punjab in the last week of March to protest the scheduled hanging of Rajoana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133873", "title": "10 days on, 2 held for molesting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After groping in the dark for 10 days, UT police on Tuesday arrested two youths for molesting a 25-year-old IT professional outside a Sector 26 discotheque.The victim identified the two -- Gagandeep Singh of Fatehgarh Sahib and Gurpreet Singh of Faridkot -- in police presence. They have been released on regular bail. Raids are being conducted to nab three other accused. The woman was chased, abused and molested outside the disco in full public view and in the presence of police personnel on July 14. A Ford Fiesta , the car of the accused was seized from Patiala district on July 18. It was registered in the name of Balwinder Kaur, a Punjab health department employee. The city police had drawn much criticism after the victim had claimed that cops did not act against the accused when she was being abused. In her statement to the police department, as a part of its feedback scheme, the victim had claimed that cops did not act even when they were given the miscreants' car registration number.Sources in police said, \"After the strict instructions of senior police officers, SHO inspector Anokh Singh is monitoring the investigation. Departmental action will be taken against some of the guilty cops.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133685", "title": "Aastha Club to bring 'raslila' alive", "text": "LUDHIANA: Soaked in festive spirit, members of Aastha Ladies Club are busy preparing for their special dance performances for the festival of swings that will be clubbed with Janmashtami and Independence Day celebrations.Resident of Sarabha Nagar and president of the club, Rama Shorie said, \"We love to make festivals the theme of our celebrations and enjoy the occasion - a time for friends and family to come together. This time, we are planning to present 'raslila' and members have been practicing for over 15 days. We have even hired a choreographer to help us with the performance.\"She added, \"There would be two dance performances, tambola for all and sumptuous food at the celebration. Performers would be dressed in traditional Rajasthani ghagra-choli.\" Besides, coming together with family and friends, the club members view these festive celebrations as a platform to display their hidden talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135035", "title": "Doctors opting for herbal treatment for malaria", "text": "KANPUR: The doctors and experts of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College are using a herbal treatment for malaria (felsiparum and vivax) these days. According to GSVM experts, this drug is known as 'artemisinin', which is a herb and effective in treating malaria and even other diseases caused by protozoa.Talking to TOI, Dr Arti Lal Chandani, professor medicine department at GSVM informed that 'artemisinin' is a plant that is found in Uttarakhand, Punjab (Ludhiana) and even in southern region of the country and is very effective in treating both types of malaria. This drug shows no side effect and resistance in body even after continuous use.The expert was addressing a CME in, which she praised the response of 'artemisinin' in malaria patients coming to LLR. She also urged the private practitioners of the city to use this drug. Dr Arti Lal Chandani informed that she is giving this herb to the patients in form of tablets and injections. The dose of three tablets a day for three consecutive days is fully successful in treating malaria.Its important to mention here that 'artemisinin' is basically a Chinese herb, which is known as 'Qinghasou' in China. This herb is found in ample quantity in India as well.This herb and its effect on malaria was discovered by Chinese scientists few years back after, which it was grown and planted in other countries as well. The extract of 'Qinghasou' or 'artemisinin' showed inhibition against parasite growth.Importantly, even after growing in large quantity in the country, Artemisinin is being produced in less quantity in comparison to its demand due to its low production and being highly expensive. This drug has been found to be 100% effective after a short three-day regimen.\"Apart form Artemisinin some other herbs are also found effective in treating malaria. These herbs are rare in India and hence are highly expensive,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at UHM hospital.Listing the names of other herbs effective in treatment of malaria, he said that 'African Peach' or 'Nauclea latifolia', which is a small tree found in tropical savanna forests of Africa is very effective in malaria treatment. The Local healers there use its extract from the roots as a tonic and to treat malaria, fever, toothaches, cavities, diarrhea and mouth infections.\"Woolly woodvine, or Sabicea villosa, is also a herb used for treating malaria which is found in native to Central and South America. Traditional healers use a tea made from the leaves to treat malaria, stomach disorders and dysentery. Another herb, Spanish needle, or Bidens pilosa, which is a tall annual plant found in tropical areas throughout the world are found highly effective in treating Vivax malaria. This herb is used from its aerial parts for treatment,\" added Dr Shailendra further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129562", "title": "Toll collection takes a hit as Maharashtra Navnirman Sena workers protest", "text": "PUNE: The collection of toll was stopped for over an hour between 12.30 and 1.30 pm at the Urse toll plaza near Talegaon on the Pune-Mumbai expressway after activists of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) staged a dharna on Tuesday.Similar incidents took place at the Somatne phata toll plaza on the old Mumbai-Pune highway, Khed Shivapur on the Pune-Satara road and at the toll post before Baramati town.The agitation followed a public appeal made by MNS chief Raj Thackeray , urging citizens not to pay toll on any road until the government brings in transparency in toll collection.The Pune rural police arrested 20 MNS activists and detained 48 others for gathering at the toll plazas, blocking traffic movement and forcibly stopping collection of toll. The detained activists were later released, additional superintendent of police (Pune rural) Vijay Magar said.About 50 MNS activists first reached the toll plaza at Somatne phata after 11 am. The staff stopped collecting toll after the arrival of the activists. Many vehicle users proceeded without paying the toll. The activists later moved on to the Urse toll plaza on the expressway.Deputy superintendent of police (Pune rural) Shankarrao Jadhav said toll collection was stopped for an hour between 12.30 pm to 1.30 pm at some of the toll posts in the district. \"As a result, motorists proceeded without paying toll during this period,\" he said.Magar on Tuesday morning issued instructions to the police to provide security at all the 21 toll posts in the district.Jadhav said the police have taken precautions to ensure that the staff is not forced to stop collection of toll. The police have also urged the MNS to not create any law-and-order problems, Jadhav said. He added that the Public Works Department and the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) have been asked to deploy their teams at the toll plazas to prevent a repeat of the incidents.MSRDC officials, however, said it would not be possible to send teams to all toll posts. \"We have received reports that toll collection was stopped at three to five places for over an hour. But nothing has been conveyed officially,\" an MSRDC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134262", "title": "Stop acquisition, probe firing, say Rewari farmers", "text": "GURGAON: Ahead of their crucial meeting with the Haryana chief minister, Rewari farmers are firm on their demand to seek immediate cancellation of land acquisition proceedings and compensation to those injured in Sunday's police firing.The representatives of Bhoomi Adhigrahan Virodh Sangharsh Samiti (BAVSS) have also demanded a judicial probe into the shooting incident. \"We are hopeful that the state government will concede to our demand of judicial probe into the firing and cancellation of land acquisition,\" said Ram Kishen Mehlawat, president of BAVSS. The villagers have been agitating against the land acquisition of over 3,000 acres in the region. The notification regarding the proceedings of the acquisition was issued last month.The protest became violent on Sunday and the police had to resort to firing, in which several were injured and three villagers were shot. \"The judicial probe is a must, to know why the orders of police firing were given and who had given them. The injured should also be given compensation,\" said Mehlawat. He added that two of the three villagers, Satbeer and Om Prakash are battling for their lives in a private hospital in Rewari while the third, Mahinder Singh is admitted in a Gurgaon hospital.The villagers are also demanding the withdrawal of cases that have been registered against the protesters. Police have registered three FIRs and arrested scores of villagers in connection to Sunday's violence. BAVSS representatives said that the state government must not be in a tearing hurry to go ahead with the acquisition since the new legislation on land acquisition is still pending in Parliament. \"The state government must not force the villagers to hand over their land as per old policy when the central government has conceptualized a new land acquisition policy focusing on the welfare of villagers and land owners,\" said Mehlawat.The villagers have pledged not to launch another protest if their demands are met and if the government reverses the land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127866", "title": "Jharkhand notifies paan masala, gutka ban", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department on Tuesday issued a notification for ban on production, storage, distribution and sale of pan masala (gutka) in Jharkhand. The ban notification was issued by the department after its proposal got approval of the state cabinet.State health minister Hemlal Murmu said the decision to ban pan masala was taken in wake of rising cases of mouth cancer. \"The department was facing a tough time due to consumption of pan masala, especially by youths. The number of mouth cancer patients in the state was increasing at a very rapid rate because of pan masala addiction. Once a person gets cancer, the government has to pay for the treatment,\" Murmu said. He said that the ban would bring down the number of cancer patients and save the departmnt from paying Rs 3 lakh to each victim for treatment.Talking on the steps to be taken by the department for strict implementation of the ban, he said in the initial phase they will target production and storage centres. \"We will put maximum effort to end production of pan masala within the state and destroy whatever quantity is stored within Jharkhand ,\" Murmu said.In the next phase the department will take help of NGOs to spread awareness about the hazards of pan masala consumption and also empower police to conduct raids on retail outlets.Cabinet secretary NN Pandey said that the council of ministers approved the proposal for ban because since 2006 the number of cancer patients has been increasing at rate of 8-10 per cent per annum. \"Of these 25 per cent patients were of mouth cancer which is mainly caused by consumption of tobacco. Keeping in mind the alarming situation the cabinet decided to ban pan masala in the state,\" said Sinha.The cabinet also approved the proposal of energy department to give advance of Rs 146 crore to PowerGrid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) for construction of transmission line. The total project cost for the transmission line project is around Rs 1,450 crore of this Rs 984 crore will be taken as loan and the rest amount will be provided by the state government over the next two years.Among other proposals which were approved by the cabinet was funds for distribution of subsidized food grains to families from economically weaker section of society. The total fund sanctioned by the state government for providing 35 kg of food grain to each family every month at Re 1 per kg was around Rs 480 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134219", "title": "DTCP issued 8 licences per month before court order on groundwater", "text": "GURGAON: Contrary to the belief that the market has slowed down due to higher interest rates and stringent RBI guidelines, the real estate market in Gurgaon has witnessed the issue of around eight licences every month.Two out of three licences granted in the state are from Gurgaon, which include commercial, residential and plotted projects.The data updated on the website state that 68 licences were granted between January 1 and June 21, 2012. According to officials, a total of 86 licences have been granted till July 19, 2012, of which 58 are from Gurgaon.The department has uploaded the details of recent licences granted to builders, on their official website after seven months on Friday.This information comes as a relief to anxious home-buyers, who can directly check the licence details on www.tcharyana.gov.in.The department had issued a public notice in 2010, asking buyers and investors to check license details before investing on a project.\"The sale/pre-launch of plots without a licence is illegal and there is no guarantee of any such project to take %off as per the provisions of Haryana Development and Regulations of Urban Areas Act, 1975.\"Public is advised to contact and verify whether licence has been granted before booking plots/dwelling units/commercial property, to %avoid any legal problems and financial implications,\" says an order by the director general, DTCP.Experts said the move to regularly update the official website with the latest information of licences granted, would also help in curbing the malpractice of those builders, who still advertise pending projects through brokers, to lure gullible home buyers. Going by the trend, Gurgaon has been granted 49 of the total 68 licences, granted in the first six months of 2012. Of the licences granted in Gurgaon, over 60% were granted in Sectors 81 to 115, which are adjoining the upcoming Dwarka Expressway. Of these, there are a total of 20 licences for commercial development (59 acres), 23 for residential housing (214 acres) and six for plotted development (302 acres).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15134311", "title": "Two trucks collide near Deori", "text": "GONDIA: Two trucks collided near Deori in the Mahsulkasa pass on Sunday. The mishap took place at the same place where a truck and a trailer had earlier collided. The trucks had to be removed in the same manner in which the trailer had to be removed.According to information, two trucks were going in the same direction on Sunday around mid night in the Mahsulkasa pass, about 4 km from Deori. However, on a slope, the truck which was in front suddenly applied brakes due to which the truck following it could not control itself and rammed the truck ahead. Due to the impact of the collision, the cabin of the truck that was following was completely damaged and both the vehicles blocked the highway No. 6. Traffic on the highway was affected for over two hours. These vehicles had to be removed with help of a crane.The truck behind did not bear any number and there was no casualty in this accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130874", "title": "Dry state, no cheer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat is staring at a highly deficient monsoon this year. As on Tuesday, the state recorded 63% less rain than the average seasonal rainfall. Saurashtra and Kutch are worst-hit with a 76% deficit. Last year at this time, Gujarat had received the lion's share of its rainfall and was only 32% short of the 798mm mark \u2014 the average seasonal rainfall. Saurashtra and Kutch were flush with rains and were just 24% deficient. This year, however, Saurashtra and Kutch are among the driest regions in the country along with Punjab and Chandigarh, according to national data released by the India Meteorological Department (IMD). The IMD defines regions more than 60% deficient as regions with scanty rain.IMD Gujarat director, Jayanta Sarkar, said that there is no rain in sight for the next two days. After the seemingly promising low pressure in the Bay of Bengal fizzled out, there is no system in sight which will yield immediate rains in the state. \"This year, less low pressure systems or depressions have formed in the Bay of Bengal. These generally yield decent rain in Gujarat. Usually, there are two to three low pressures systems, but there is less activity over the bay this year,\" Dr Sarkar said. Dr Sarkar, however, said there was no need to lose hope. \"There is still a month and a half of monsoon season to go. Usually, one or two spells of good rain are enough to cover major deficiencies especially in north, central, east and south Gujarat. We are hopeful,\" the director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134434", "title": "'Goans will not stand silent to Muthalik's antics'", "text": "PANAJI: A day after Ram Sena chief Pramod Muthalik claimed he already had activists in Goa, CCP councillor Surendra Furtado has slammed the Sena chief for trying to bring his cult of violence to the state.Expressing his disapproval of the Ram Sena chief imposing his will upon the people of Goa, Furtado said, \"The bold statements made by Ram Sena chief Pramod Muthalik that none including the chief minister of Goa can stop him from opening a branch of his notorious outfit in Goa is shocking.\"\"It is an indication of how once such an intolerant force is allowed to go scot free in the state, it simply becomes uncontrollable,\" he added.\"The people of Goa will not stand silent spectators to his antics simply because Muthalik is trying to sow poison in a state which upholds multiculturalism, pluralism and secularism,\" Furtado said.\"The Ram Sena has no respect for women and go about assaulting young women and molesting them in the name of so-called culture, which unfortunately is not carved in stone. Culture is constantly evolving and changing and people like these intolerant elements are unable to cope with the change,\" he said.Muthalik has no right to violate other persons' fundamental rights, said Furtado. \"He (Muthalik) would do best to keep himself out of Goa and refrain from becoming a public nuisance and menace to Goan society,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130651", "title": "To pacify NCP, PM likely to announce special drought fund", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move to pacify NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is likely to announce a special package to tackle drought and for pending irrigation projects in western Maharashtra, an NCP stronghold.\"Singh has reviewed the drought situation in the country and a series of financial measures are on the cards. The Centre is likely to approve a special package of Rs 3,000 crore-Rs 5,000 crore that will be granted to tackle drought and complete some of the key irrigation plans in western Maharashtra. The move may pacify the NCP to some extent,\" a senior minister told TOI on Tuesday.He recalled how in the summer, Pawar had gone to drought-affected places in the state and criticized the governor for his failure to visit the areas and grant additional fundsfor projects that could improve the situation. But the governor had said when it came to allocating funds, he was bound by the Constitution, which stated the governor must ensure equitable distribution of funds to the entire state.The minister said they expected the grievances raised by the NCP pertaining to the UPA government and C M Prithviraj Chavan would be resolved in a day or two. The dispute started with the NCP urging Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh to involve it in the decision-making process and to set up coordination committees at the national and state levels. \"We are not here only as cabinet members for red beacon cars, we want to be equal partners in the decision-making process. The coordination committees at the national and state levels should meet at least once a month,\" he said. At the state level, the minister said besides policy decisions, the NCP was also keen on having a say in the postings of IAS and IPS officers.\"We never demanded Chavan's removal. We want no decision should be taken without our knowledge. In the state, we must be consulted before IAS and IPS officers are posted or transferred.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133945", "title": "'If school fails to reply, will disaffiliate it'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Board of Secondary Education has decided to issue a final disaffiliation notice to Sacred Heart School.CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said, \"It has been more than one-and-a-half year since we have been issuing it notices for sending us the action-taken report regarding Ruchika's expulsion, but the school has failed to do so. This time, we will send a final notice and if the school fails to reply, we will disaffiliate it.\"The board had sent the first notice about one-and-a-half year ago. Though the school had twice asked for more time, it never replied. \"The last notice was sent four months ago, but there has been no response from the school so far,\" Joshi added.According to the UT education department, every private school needs to have both -- recognition from the education department as well as affiliation from a school board for working.\"If the CBSE disaffiliates Sacred Heart School, then its students will not be able to sit for examination,\" said the education department spokesperson.The school has been recognized by the department till March 31, 2012, and is now waiting for its renewal.DPI (S) Upkar Singh said he was not aware of the case and would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134976", "title": "Maharashtra appoints heritage panel for Mumbai after a delay of one year", "text": "MUMBAI: Ending a yearlong wait, the state government has finally announced the appointment of a new heritage committee for Mumbai. Former chief secretary V Ranganathan will chair the 10-member panel for a tenure of three years.The urban development department shared the list of panel members with TOI. The ex-officio members of the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee have been retained on the panel that also comprises structural engineers from IIT Mumbai and VJTI. Among them are the director of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (Prince of Wales Museum) along with the chief architect of the PWD and a civic representative not below the rank of chief engineer. Environmentalist Cyrus Guzder, who figured on the previous committee, will serve another term. City historian Arvind Jamsandekar has been nominated as has been conservation architect Abha Narain Lambah.Ranganathan was informed of his appointment by civic chief Sitaram Kunte on Saturday. \"I have earlier been heritage committee chairman of Mahabaleshwar and Panchgani and chaired the high-level monitoring committee declaring Matheran and the surrounding region as an eco-sensitive zone. India has such a variegated history that needs to be protected and preserved,\" he says. He has been on the other side of the fence too as the main organizer of a construction and infrastructure show in 2008.The new chairman says his team has an onerous task ahead given the absence of a functional heritage committee since July 2011, when the tenure of the previous body expired. This is believed to be the longest gap since the Mumbai heritage regulations were formulated in 1995. \"I am told that a number of proposals are pending, so my immediate task will be to clear pendency,\" he says.Ranganathan hopes to strike a balance between the city's need for conservation and development\u2014a tightrope walk that often puts the committee in the line of fire of both sectors. \"There is a line of thought which says that private owners who conserve their heritage property should be rewarded; simultaneously, we cannot allow heritage to needlessly come in the way of development.\"Inevitably, the committee will face pressure from the builders' lobby whose associations have often protested its strictures. \"Political pressure has never figured in my calculations,\" the chairman says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134812", "title": "Status quo on special economic zones: Mahadev Naik", "text": "PORVORIM: Industries minister Mahadev Naik said there is no new development on the SEZ ( special economic zones) front and that status quo is maintained as per an order of the supreme court.Replying to a question tabled by Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on land leased out to SEZ promoters by Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC), Naik said that status quo is maintained in view of the supreme court order. He nonetheless said that he would seek the opinion of the advocate general on the issue.Naik said that an area admeasuring 38.40 lakh sq m had been leased out by the government to seven SEZ promoters. He said there were 19 applications for setting up SEZ which the then government had submitted to the union ministry of commerce and seven of them were approved. These includes Meditab Specialities for which 12.32 lakh sq m land was allotted in Keri, Ponda, Penninsular Pharma research (2.03 lakh in Sancoale), K Raheja Corp (7.91 lakh sq m in Verna industrial estate), Paradigm logistics (2.6 lakh in Verna), Inox Merchantile (4.84 lakh sq mt in Verna), Planetview Mercantile (1.03 lakh sq mt in Verna) and Maxgrow Finlease (2.03 lakh sq mt also in Verna).After public outcry, the government withdrew SEZ policy and GIDC issued show cause notice to the companies for take over of land.Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai wondered whether the land lying with those companies would be utilized under some garb for SEZ type projects. He reminded that former tourism minister late Matanhy Saldanha (as leader of Goa's movement against SEZ) had alleged that the land was leased to the companies for real estate in the garb of setting up SEZ projects. He also asked whether some structures and houses had been constructed by these companies to which the industries minister answered in the negative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129766", "title": "Soon, state nod must to prosecute corporators", "text": "MUMBAI: Prosecution of municipal corporators and councilors will soon require the sanction of the state government. The state legsilative council on Tuesday approved an amendment to the Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act making it mandatory to obtain the government permission for prosecution of municipal corporators and councillors for corruption and other criminal offences.Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for urban development tabled the proposed amendment in the Mumbai Municipal Corporation act, which was unanimously accepted by the members of the council. The changes are yet to be introduced and approved by the state legislative assembly.Once approved by the state legislative assembly, local civic corporators and councillor will be declared a public servants under the Criminal procedure Code and Prevention of Corruption Act and will require the government's consent for prosecuting them.Participating in the debate on the Bill, senior Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote stated that the intention of the government is good. \"But, it should not be used to prosecute a section of political leaders and protect another,\" Raote added. NCP leader Prakash Binsale too echoed similar views.Replying to queries of the members, Jadhav assured fare implementation of the Bill. \"There was no clear provision as to the authority competent to accord sanction for prosecution of the councillors. With amendment in the existing rules, government will be the authority competent to accord sanction. The provisions made in the Bill would protect the genuine councilors from unnecessary harassment,\" Jadhav stated while explaining the objectives of the Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134595", "title": "Garbage outside school cleared after media visit", "text": "CHENNAI: Garbage was hastily cleared from the street before a school in Saligramam on Tuesday after the media was informed. The garbage, which had piled up for more than a month allegedly due to the 'war' launched against the management by the councillor, was removed after TOI visited the place.According to Kaveri Primary School correspondent Nagamani Kondal Rao, the problem began on June 21 when she spoke to mayor Saidai S Duraisamy, during a function at the school, about the garbage on the street before the school. From the next day, she alleged, the garbage began piling up. \"When we complained to the corporation officials concerned, we always got the reply 'this is a councillor's issue'.\" The councillor, Senthil Pandi, wanted the administration to 'bow' before him, she said. A teacher of the school said garbage from other areas also began to be dumped there.The school, being run by the Stree Seva Mandir since 1970 on Kalaignar Karunanidhi Salai in Saligramam, has 275 students.On Tuesday, the school authorities also lodged a formal complaint with the Virugambakkam police on the issue. \"A number of cases of cholera are being reported in the city and we are worried about the health of our students,\" an official said.Another staff member said, \"At a function in the school in June, our school head spoke to the mayor about the environment near the school. She didn't know that the councillor was standing next to the mayor.\"B Saravana Kumar, who lives in a nearby apartment complex, said, \"I complained to corporation officials and was told to contact the councillor. On Tuesday evening, I was surprised to see many corporation workers cleaning and clearing the garbage from near the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135288", "title": "Birthday for Keshubhai, bashing for Modi", "text": "SURAT: On his 83rd birthday, former chief minister Keshubhai Patel equated his successor Narendra Modi to tyrannical ancient king Dhananand and said his ouster from the top job would be an ideal birthday gift.\"BJP is like my mother. No son would desert his mother. But what happens if the mother refuses to listen to the cries of her children?,\" Patel said addressing a massive gathering in Surat's Sitaramnagar on Lambe Hanuman Road near the diamond hub of Varaccha, which is known as mini-Saurashtra because of a high number of migrants from the peninsula.The public meeting on Tuesday was high on symbolism as it was here that Patel had skipped a community gathering in the run up to the previous assembly polls exactly five years ago, giving Modi a big relief. Patel enjoys a good support base in Surat thanks to a large number of diamantaires from Saurashtra.The entire area of Varaccha, Puna and Lambe Hanuman Road and Kapodara are home to nearly 7 lakh Patels from Saurashtra and have a bearing on at least three assembly seats of the city, namely Varaccha, Choryasi and Karanj.Patel had former Union minister Kashiram Rana , Mahuva MLA Dr Kanu Kalsariya, RSS functionaries Bhaskar Rao Damle, Pravin Maniar and Lalji Patel as well as former junior home minister Gordhan Zadaphia by his side in the function.\"Those who steal a handful of 'jowar' are punished. And, those who siphon off crores of rupees are rewarded and felicitated. Cows don't get dry grass to graze, but bulls are grazing away the green fields,\" he said. The programme 'Keshubhai Patel Roon Swikaar Samaroh' was organized by Parivartan Manch, a body promoted by dissident rebel BJP leaders.\"The only remedy to these ills is a change - Parivartan - because we can't repeat bad governance,\" he said.Sources close to Patel indicated that he will announce a new political outfit on August 5. \"We have two options - if we can get over formalities in time, we will get our new outfit registered or else we will work in Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) and hand over reigns to Keshubhai.\"Patel also made it clear that he was not interested in power, but is only performing \"praja dharma\". \"Vajpayeeji had asked Modi to perform praja dharm, but my inner conscious told me to adopt praja dharma,\" he said.Patel said he wanted to work for ensuring unemployment allowance to nearly 10 lakh jobless youth and provide nutrition to 70 per cent tribals who are malnourished. \"When I was the chief minister, I brought in industries with a condition that they will employ 80 per cent Gujaratis. But Modi has done away with this clause, resulting in large-scale unemployment,\" he claimed.Describing Modi as a leading a pack of liars, he accused him of reducing the mid-meal quantity for children from 225gm to 150gm.Patel also refused to accept a cheque of Rs 84 lakh presented by as many as 168 organizations and asked them to use the money for welfare of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132627", "title": "Residents, councillor spar over trees", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of Jangpura Extension residents and the area councillor Ravi Kalsi are at loggerheads over the latter's plans to relocate five neem trees from a neighbourhood park. The residents have complained against Kalsi to South Delhi Municipal Corporation's zonal office, alleging that he is trying to relocate the trees without permission. However, the Congress leader argues that most residents of the area favour removal of the trees to plant grass.\"The trees were planted by the residents with the help of the then councillor and MCD officials. The councillor wants to destroy the green lung of the area. Though he doesn't have necessary permission, he is determined to relocate these trees,'' said Sharon Lowen, a resident of Jangpura Extension. Seerath Narindra, another resident, said, \"The councillor has not taken any permission from the competent authorities for this.\"Asked whether he had the forest department's permission, Kalsi said, \"I don't need any permission. I'll relocate these trees from here. I'll not let these trees grow here. People of this area want a park which has grass. But due to trees, it is difficult to grow grass here. I'll do what the majority wants.\"A group of residents, mostly women, have been actively involved in the maintenance of this park. \"If the other residents had a problem, they should have objected to it when these trees were planted. The decision to plant these trees was taken by the residents and MCD's horticulture department. The councillor should respect the efforts made by the residents. There are more than 40 parks in the area. The councillor can plant grass anywhere. Why are they focusing only on this park?'' said Jagdish Mamgain, former area councillor and president of Progressive Party .Following complaints from the residents, the forest department carried out a survey of the area.\"Of the five, two qualify as trees and the rest are saplings. We have not received any request from the civic agency to relocate these two neem trees. If any damage is caused to the trees, the civic agency will be held responsible,'' said Prashant Rajgopal, deputy conservator of forest.While the councillor is firm on relocating the trees, the south corporation's zonal horticulture department has directed its staff to not alter anything. \"We have directed the staff not to relocate these trees and saplings without orders from the zonal office. We can't relocate trees without permission from the forest department,'' said an official. Kishan Kumar, deputy commissioner of south corporation's central zone, said, \"There is a proper procedure for relocating trees. We have not received any request from the area councillor (Kalsi) to relocate any tree. If a request is made, we will evaluate if it is really necessary to relocate the tree, and accordingly forward the request.\"Environment group Green Circle has come to the rescue of the residents who have been trying to protect the trees. \"There should be zero tolerance towards such attempts. We will not allow people to destroy the green lung pockets in Delhi. We will visit the park and support the residents in there fight to save nature,\" said Suhas Borker, founder of Green Circle-Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132036", "title": "SC notice to Centre on bringing tribunals under one ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Litany of tribunals set up under diverse ministries to deal with a slew of issues \u2014 ranging from environment to income tax \u2014 has resulted in lack of uniformity in their functioning, so much so that members appointed to decide cases were not qualified to practice in them.A Supreme Court bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Madan Lokur issued notice to the Centre \u2014 on the basis of a PIL filed by the Madras Bar Association \u2014 that gave a direction to the Union government to bring all tribunals under the administrative aegis of the ministry of law and justice.The PIL filed through advocate Nikhil Nayyar said Competition Commission of India (CCI) and its Appellate tribunal along with Company Law Board came under the ministry of corporate affairs, while Copyright Board functioned under the HRD ministry.\"Intellectual Property Appellate Board was under the ministry of industry and commerce, while Customs, Excise and Service Appellate Tribunal, Debt Recovery Tribunal and its Appellate Tribunal, and Securities Appellate Tribunal were set up under the aegis of the ministry of finance,\" it said.Since the tribunals were not set up under one administrative control, there had been great diversity in the functioning of these grievance redressal forums, it said.\"First, the qualification of members (of these tribunals and boards) is not uniform. In many tribunals, 'administrative' or 'technical' members do not even require a law degree. This has resulted in a curious situation where 95% of the 'technical' members will not be allowed to practice before the tribunal, but will be able to sit on its bench,\" senior advocate Arvind Datar said arguing for the petitioner.The retirement age of the members were also not uniform, it said and complained that the administrative ministries have adopted a step-motherly treatment to these tribunals as far as providing infrastructure and staff was concerned.Besides, the government had never carried out judicial impact assessment while enacting a new statute resulting in defeating the purpose of creating tribunals, which was to reduce pendency.The apex court had recently taken exception to the manner in which government had treated the National Green Tribunal (NGT), which was woefully short of office space, staff and residential accommodations. Peeved over lack of basic amenities, two judicial members of NGT resigned from their posts.The PIL said that government had paid scant regard to two judgements of the apex court - the 2010 judgement in R Gandhi case and 1997 judgement in L Chandra Kumar case - that mandated all tribunals be brought under the aegis of the ministry of law and justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15135169", "title": "Rain brings little relief", "text": "VARANASI: A short spell of rainfall of 2.4 mm on Tuesday evening brought some respite from continuing hot and humid conditions in the region. However prevailing sanitary conditions didn't gave much happiness to denizens.While dugged roads and potholes drenched in rain paved way for slippery conditions, the tall claims of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) in cleaning the drains and sewer were exposed as there was severe water logging at several low lying places specially Godowlia, Gurubagh, Mehmoorganj, Bazrdiha, and fewer parts of trans-Varuna region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133729", "title": "Bangalore most unsafe for women", "text": "BANGALORE: Atrocities against women, rape and chain-snatching incidents are increasing in four major cities of the state - Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli-Dharwad and Mangalore. It comes as no surprise that Bangalore is most unsafe. In these four cities, from 2007 till June-end 2012, 544 women have been raped, 646 murdered and 4,252 have lost their gold chains and there were 3,041 cases of atrocities. In the legislative council on Tuesday, C Motamma (Congress) raised the issue of crimes against women and said they were increasing by the day.In response, deputy chief minister (in charge of home) R Ashoka, who provided the statistics, said: \"Increase in the reporting of incidents by women and recording of all complaints by police is the main reason for increase in statistics.'' She suggested the government maintain records of all domestic helps and workers; install CCTV cameras at police stations to check abuse of power by police; install alarms at houses of senior citizens, especially single women, and connect them to jurisdictional police. Responding to her suggestions, Ashok said police would explore the possibility of having an alarm system connecting residences of senior citizens and jurisdictional police.He said the government had recruited 3,000 women police personnel and deployed at least one in every police station, especially in urban areas. The DyCM said he'd convene a meeting within a fortnight exclusively to discuss and find solutions to the crimes against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15134886", "title": "Superheroes can help make kids choose nutritious food", "text": "WASHINGTON: Invoking names of superheroes such as Batman in front of children can persuade children to develop their own healthy eating habits, a study has found.Just as Popeye inspired a generation to eat spinach, such role models as Spiderman or Batman could help children make healthy choices, said Brian Wansink Cornell professor of marketing, director of the Cornell Food and Brand Lab.\"Fast food patronage is a frequent reality for many children and their parents. Simply instructing a parent to order healthier food for a child is neither empowering for a child nor easy for a parent,\" said Wansink, who is also the study co-author .\"Advising parents to ask their child, 'What would Batman eat?' might be a realistic step to take in what could be a healthier fast-food world,\" Wansink added. The study involved 22 children, aged 6 to 12 at a summer camp and the kids were asked if they wanted apple fries or French fries during several consecutive Wednesday lunches.During one of those lunches, the children were first presented with 12 photos of real and fictional role models and asked, \"Would this person order apple fries or French fries?\"As many as 45% of the children selected apple fries after being shown pictures of superheroes and other role models, compared to the 9% who chose apple fries with no superhero prompts.The findings have been published in the journal Pediatric Obesity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15138591", "title": "Gargai dam project faces roadblock", "text": "MUMBAI:Had the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation(BMC) tapped that one source of water from either Gargai or Pinjar dams, Mumbai would never face a water shortage.The Madhavrao Chitale Committee report had predicted an increase in Mumbai's water requirement in the years to come. The committee had recommended tapping the additional dams like Gargai and Pinjar. Since work on Middle Vaitarna is nearing completion, the civic body is planning to start work on one of these dam projects. But the project faces some serious roadblocks. The civic body is still awaiting a primary feasibility report and environmental clearances for the same.Apparently, 7.5 square kilometres of the dam area is covered by Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary. Hence, BMC will need clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF).In the past, a Delhi-based consultant was appointed but was unable to obtain the environmental clearances on the same.The dam is expected to provide an additional 450MLD water to the city. Civic sources said the work on Gargai project will begin in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132525", "title": "Tourism department to train 2,000 guides for Mahakumbh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The department of tourism is raising an army of some 2,000 tourist guides for the Mahakumbh slated to take place in January 2013. An equal number of tourist facilitators would also be deployed on the mela site to assist district administration to help tourists and manage the crowd.Officials at the directorate of tourism informed that both the set of people are being trained by the Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management ( MKITM). Director of the institute, Prof Manoj Dixit said, \"This is basically a skill development exercise undertaken by the efforts of state government after central assistance through a programme called Hunar se Rozgar.\" He added that programme targets persons with limited means of learning who need to acquire skills for employment. Youth between 18 and 28 years will be targeted. Trainees with 90% or more attendance will be given stipend and a certificate after the completion of the training.The institute under the capacity building service providing scheme will also make an attempt to inculcate knowledge among the trainees, which will enable them to act and work as student volunteers. \"It is expected that about seven crore pilgrims will attend the Mahakumbh and for this, we need at least 2,000 guides. At present, we only have around 850 guides. This is a major challenge before us and therefore we aim at training people to act as guides,\" said Prof Dixit.It may be noted that the tourism department has also started a global helpline duly managed by a professional call centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15135022", "title": "Uday Shankar\u2019s \u2018Kalpana\u2019 rots in Mumbai godown", "text": "KOLKATA: The restored print of Uday Shankar's 1948 masterpiece 'Kalpana', the spectacular ode to experimental choreography that is believed to have convinced Satyajit Ray to film the eight-minute ghost dance sequence in 'Goopy Gyne, Bagha Byne', is gathering dust at the godown of a courier company in Mumbai's Jogeshwari.The film, which took three years and Rs 22 lakh to make, is revered as a treasure trove by film antiquarians and dance historians alike even though it was a box-office flop. The film was shown at Cannes this May after a painstaking six-month restoration in Bologna. The lab that carried out the restoration subsequently shipped the print to Mumbai. It arrived on July 5 but has been caught in a mysterious muddle since. The \"reasons\" are aplenty, each more baffling than the other.Ad-filmmaker Shivendra Singh Dungarpur, who played a key role in the restoration with help from the Shankar family, said: \"We had sent the original dupe negative 35mm and the old 35mm print to Bologna for restoration funded by the World Cinema Foundation headed by Martin Scorsese . The shipment that has come back to India contains what we sent them, plus the additional eight cans \u2014 the newly restored positive 35mm black and white print.\" The print was shipped to Dungarpur.\"They asked for documents and we provided all the papers, including additional letters and documents from the National Film Archives of India. The initial problem seemed to be that they could not determine under what section of the law to grant exemption of duty to the restored print and this wasted quite a few days. Finally, the Customs raised a demand for duty on July 17, which we confirmed would be paid. The courier company has been telling us the cans will be released in a day or two for the past few weeks. On July 19, they said the Customs would now physically examine the consignment and the remaining procedures will take at least 2-3 days. I'm not sure what to expect,\" Dungarpur wrote in an email to TOI.The courier desk said the consignment was \"under process\" and the examination of the package had been indefinitely delayed since July 19.Shankar, Uday Shankar's daughter, is in the dark, as is daughter-in-law Tanusree Shankar. \"I have no idea about any of this,\" Mamata said. \"It wouldn't be right to comment on this as I have no information,\" was Tanusree's remark. But classical maestros are furious, with percussionist Pandit Tanmoy Bose calling it a \"national shame\". \"Panditji ( Ravi Shankar ) showed me 'Kalpana' the first time. I've seen it twice since. Uday Shankar was an unparalleled genius and it would be disgraceful to forget his legacy. What is happening now is a national shame. It's a pity that the value of true art is fading in this age of commercialization,\" Bose said.National award-winning film scholar Ujjal Chakraborty, who saw 'Kalpana' at an NFAI screening in 1985, said, \"India has produced the highest number of dance-oriented films in the world. In many of them, philosophy is depicted through dance. 'Kalpana' was the trendsetter. Chakraborty said Ray was an ardent admirer of 'Kalpana'. \"Ray got the courage for the ghost dance sequence after watching the film many times. 'Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne' choreographer Shambhu Bhattacharya told me 'Kalpana' had convinced the master that an eight-minute dance sequence will be enjoyed by cine-goers. The 'bhooter nach' chronicled India's history, so it was a historic moment for Indian cinema. Saving 'Kalpana' is a national concern,\" the writer of 'A Director's Mind' asserted.Dungarpur added, \"My main concern is that the cans should be kept in proper conditions. If this is the kind of hassle that we have to go through for a film that is a part of our national heritage, this will be a major setback to sending films abroad for quality restoration.\"(With inputs from Bella Jaisinghani in Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133813", "title": "509 additional border outposts on frontiers with Pak, Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Looking for measures to enhance border security to check infiltration and cross border movement of terrorists, the government has decided to construct 509 additional border outposts (BOPs) along the Indo-Pakistan and Indo-Bangladesh borders.Home minister P Chidambaram said the increased number of BOPs \u2014 126 on Indo-Pakistan border and 383 on Indo-Bangla frontier - would help in effective monitoring of the borders and the work was targeted to be completed by 2013-2014.Addressing members of the Consultative Committee, Chidambaram said the BOPs would be provided with better communication and infrastructural facilities.He informed the panel that with the increased number of BOPs, the distance between two outposts to be reduced to 3.5 km as recommended by a Group of Ministers (GoM).Maintaining that the guarding of borders is a very complex task as it depends on several factors, he said the fencing was helping a lot in checking the infiltration, but the fence also required repairs wherever it got damaged by sand dunes in Rajasthan sector and snow in Jammu and Kashmir.Chidambaram also informed MPs that the government was exploring the use of modern technology in border management through proper fencing, flood lights and other latest technologies available in this field.He said the experiences of advanced countries are also being studied for better management of borders.Referring to the Border Area Development Programme (BADP), the home minister informed the MPs that Rs 990 crore has been allocated for BADP during 2012-13 \u2014 Rs 90 crore more than last year's allocation.The BADP covers 358 blocks of 96 border districts of 17 states located along the international land border. The programme is a 100% Centrally-sponsored scheme. Funds are provided to the states as a non-lapsable special central assistance for execution of projects relating to infrastructure, livelihood, education, health, agriculture and allied sector.The issues of security of coastal area, narcotic drugs, fake Indian currency notes and insurgency-related issues were also discussed by the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15136390", "title": "Statistical highlights of India-Sri Lanka second ODI", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Statistical highlights of the second ODI between India and Sri Lanka:# Gautam Gambhir (65 off 96 balls) registered his 32nd half-century in ODIs - his eighth against Sri Lanka.# Gambhir is averaging just 22.53 in a losing cause - 879 runs in 39 innings, including two hundreds and five fifties.# Gambhir has recorded three 50-plus scores in his last four outings against Sri Lanka - 63 off 64 balls at Hobart on February 28, 2012; 100 off 118 balls at Dhaka on March 13, 3 at Hambantota on July 21 and 65 off 96 balls at Hambantota on July 24.# Thisara Perera has bowled superbly in his first three overs, his figures being 3-3-0-3. His figures of 3 for 19 are his third best against India - his only five-wicket haul against India being 5 for 28 at Dambulla on August 22, 2010.# Perera received his second Man of the Match award against India - his sixth overall.# Perera has received five Man of the Match awards in 2012 - the most by a player this year.# Perera's bowling average of 15.37 and strike rate of 18.6 are simply superb while claiming 53 wickets in 24 matches in Sri Lankan wins.# Perera has taken 28 wickets at 21.71 runs apiece in 16 matches in 2012. Only Lasith Malinga has captured more wickets than Perera - 38 at 32.26 in 25 matches.# Tillakaratne Dilshan (50 off 49 balls) registered his 10th half-century against India - his 27th in ODIs.# Dilshan's strike rate of 102.04 is the fifth highest when he has recorded at least a fifty against India.# Dilshan, playing in his 61st game against India, has completed his 2,000 runs - 2016 (ave.39.52) in 61 ODIs and became the fourth Sri Lankan and the seventh batsman to complete 2000 runs or more against India in this format.# Dilshan became the sixth Sri Lankan batsman to manage 4,000 runs or more in Sri Lankan victories - 4020 at an average of 44.17 in 134 ODIs.# Upul Tharanga (59 not out off 60 balls) registered his 26th half-century in ODIs - his fourth against India.# India's massive defeat by 9 wickets with 181 balls remaining is their second worst in terms of balls remaining - their worst is also against Sri Lanka - with 209 balls remaining at Dambulla on August 22, 2010.# Sri Lanka emulated their largest victory in terms of wickets against India in ODIs. They had defeated India by 9 wickets at Colombo (RPS) on August 28, 1996.# Rohit Sharma has posted his fourth duck against Sri Lanka - his seventh in ODIs.# Angelo Matthews (3/14) has registered his second best bowling figures in ODIs - the best is six for 20 against India at Colombo (RPS) on September 12, 2009.# Kumar Sangakkara has become the third wicketkeeper to effect 150 dismissals or more at home - 122 catches plus 28 stumpings in 100 matches. He has joined Mark Boucher (204 in South Africa) and Adam Gilchrist (194 in Australia).# Sangakkara, for the third time, has effected four dismissals against India - the first wicketkeeper to do so in India-Sri Lanka ODIs.# Dilshan and Tharanga were associated in a stand of 119 - Sri Lanka's second highest for the first wicket at Hambantota. They are the first Sri Lankan opening pair to register nine stands of 100 or more in 57 innings, surpassing the eight in 79 between Marvan Atapattu and Sanath Jayasuriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133492", "title": "Town roads deadlier than city streets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chances of dying in a road accident in car-crazy Ludhiana in Punjab is 30 times higher than densely populated Mumbai, and two times more in the national Capital that has the highest vehicular count in the country.Ludhiana snuffed out 294 lives in 444 road accidents last year in comparison to 563 fatalities in 25,471 accidents in Mumbai during the same period.The severity of accident - calculated on the basis of fatalities per 100 accidents - shows that accidents in small cities having sizeable population of high-speed and top-end vehicles were more fatal in comparison to bigger metros. \"There is some link between speeding and drunk driving in Ludhiana. But we expect fatalities will reduce in the next few years because of the ongoing road safety campaign conducted by the World Health Organization ,\" said a road transport and highways ministry official. At least 66 people died in every 100 accidents.The number of people dying in every 100 accidents was equally alarming in Durgapur-Asansol belt (62.5%) in West Bengal, Dhanbad (59.4%) in Jharkhand, Varanasi (51.4%), Agra (48.7%) and even in Ghaziabad (48.2%) and Meerut (43.3%) in the National Capital Region (NCR). These figures were released by the transport research wing (TRW) of road transport and highways ministry.On the contrary, the number of fatal accidents in terms of severity was much less in other big metros like Bengaluru, Delhi and Kolkata. \"The trend of fatalities shows that there is some check on deaths in big cities. thanks to better enforcement of traffic rules whereas this is very less or missing in smaller cities and in rural areas,\" said a ministry official.Taking note of the disturbing trend, highways minister C P Joshi has asked officials to come out with a scientific study to suggest the speed limit for different types of roads, and the kind of vehicle that should ply on a particular category of road.The TRW report of 2011 has put the total fatalities at 1.42 lakh, which TOI had first reported on June 10.But road safety experts say that the annual accident reports serve little purpose. \"These don't help in formulation of any policy. There is no clarity on the causative factors of accidents. You have more fatalities per 100 accidents in Ludhiana and in other smaller cities people usually don't report minor accidents. We get the right figure only from major cities and Kerala,\" said Rohit Baluja, a member of UN Road Safety Collaboration.City........................Accidents..........................Deaths.................Severity*Ludhiana........................444......................................294..............................66.2Asansol-Durgapur...........38........................................230...............................62.5Dhanbad......................138.......................................82.................................59.4Varanasi.....................142.........................................73.................................51.4Jodhpur......................526.......................................264.................................50.2Ghaziabad..................1109.....................................535.................................48.2Meerut.......................886.........................................384...............................43.3* Severity is deaths per 100 accidents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15135245", "title": "Municipal councillors at loggerheads as new house not constituted", "text": "PATIALA: More than one and half months after the municipal corporation elections in Punjab, the local bodies department is yet to dissolve the previous MC house. As a result, councillors who lost the elections are still calling the shots while 40 winning candidates are not allowed even to work.As the councillors, losers and winners are at loggerheads with each other, it is the common man who is paying the price. Many projects like the Rs 14-crore project of strengthening outer roads of the city, sanitation and water supply works are stuck.The past few days have seen heated arguments between the councillors who lost, with those who recently won, when the latter tried to participate in meetings.\"I have won from ward no 36 on June 10, but in the corporation record, I am still a councillor from ward no 38 as authorities have not issued notification for dissolving the previous house and constitute a new one. \"There is confusion in all wards as legally, old councillors have powers to work but the winning candidates are trying to assert their authority,\" said senior deputy mayor of Patiala Anil Bajaj.The government, however, finds no wrong in the current situation. \"Till the issuance of notification of dissolution of the old house and to constitute a new one, the old house is valid to take decisions. \"There is nothing illegal if our 2007 councillors are still at work,\" said MC commissioner Gurlavleen Sidhu.Though the previous house conducted two meetings after the June elections, they could not decide on any major elemental project as a majority of candidates of the old house lost the elections. \"We know the new house would not accept our decisions as they want to take decisions on their own.\" said BJP councillor who lost to Congress.Elections were held on June 10 and results had been declared the same evening. In the earlier house constituted in 2007, BJP had nine councillors, Congress 5 while remaining 36 came from ruling SAD. After June 10, BJP's number fell to seven, Congress increased to eight while SAD has 35 winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "15135300", "title": "Two villagers die in police firing in Mansa, 3 injured", "text": "MANSA: At least two persons lost their lives and three others sustained injuries in alleged police firing on Tuesday evening at Akalia village in Mansa. The villagers were protesting against the police demand for custody of a thief caught by the villagers. As the protest by villagers reportedly turned unruly, police resorted to firing, leading to the casualties.Concerned over the spate of thefts in the area for the past few weeks, villagers had on Tuesday caught a person suspected to be behind these incidents. Police had also rounded up a person and wanted the persons caught by villagers to be handed over to them. The villagers however wanted the police to arrest all the persons suspected to be behind the thefts forthwith.A villager, Mohan Singh , said, \"The villagers were adamant not to hand over the person caught, Karanvir Singh, to police till it arrests all the involved persons and started a protest. But police resorted to firing on villagers, in which a teenaged boy Neetu Singh and 60-year-old Pritam Singh died, whereas Varinder Singh, Harpreet Singh and Seeta Singh got injured\".Enraged over the casualties, villagers torched a car and held a dharna at Barnala-Mansa highway. Police also threw teargas shells to disperse the mob. The villagers were still sitting on dharna at the time of filing this report.Another villager, Sukhdev Singh, said, \"We would not sit back till we get justice. Police have killed two villagers. The guilty in this regard should be brought to book.\"Bathinda zonal IG, Nirmal Singh, said, \"Villagers did not die in police firing, but were hit by teargas shells.\" He admitted that police resorted to lobbing teargas shells to contain the \"unruly mob.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "15135214", "title": "'Pranab babu sat on my motorcycle and went round the villages'", "text": "KENDRAPARA: He may be on his way to become the first citizen of the country, but people from many seaside villages here remember President-elect Pranab Mukherjee as a leader of the mass, who stood by them in their hour of need.\"In the second week of November, 1999, Pranab Mukherjee, the then Congress general secretary, came here along with other senior Congress leaders. The villages of Kharinashi, Ramanagar, Baulakani, Suniti, Kansarbadadandua and Bahakuda were severely affected by the massive super cyclone. He interacted with the villagers, majority of them immigrants from Bangladesh, and listened to their problems,\" recollected Narayan Haldar (53) of Kharinashi village.\"At that time we obviously could not imagine that this man would one day be the President of India, but we knew that he was a leader of the common people,\" Haldar added.Another villager, Tushar Sardar, said, \"Pranab Mukherjee, the then chief minister Giridhari Gomang and other leaders talked to us and enquired about the government relief work in the cyclone-hit areas,\" said Tushar Sardar a villager of Kharinashi. He distributed clothes, flattened rice, rice and other relief items among the villagers.\"The unmotorable clay road leading to our village was repaired overnight to give it a semblance of respectability before the visit of Pranab Mukherjee and other senior congress leaders,\" remembered Ramachandra Jena, a villager of Ramanagar.A visibly excited Ratan Kandilal of Ramnagar village said, \"Pranab Babu visited many cyclone-hit villages on my motorcycle. He sat comfortably behind me and talked to many villagers to get a first-hand report about the sorry plight of the villagers. I will remember forever that the President of India once sat in my motorcycle.\"\"Many Congress leaders were suddenly seen in the village two days before Mukherjee's visit. Pranab babu reached the village and went straight to the affected villagers to enquire whether the state government was taking care of them,\" said Anadi Mandal of village Baulakani.\"Pranab Babu entered into my damaged house and I clearly said that I had received no house building assistance from the government. He straightaway asked officials to look into the matter. Later, I got house building assistance and tents. I am happy to know that the man who helped me at the time of a natural disaster will now be the president of India,\" Anadi added.\"We had no difficulty communicating with Pranab Babu as we are all Bengali speaking persons\", said Pramod Mandal of village Ramanagar, recalling the visit of Pranab Mukherjee to his village.Local sources said Pranab Mukherjee supervised relief and reconstruction works from the district collector's office in Kendrapada in November 1999 and directed officials to provide drinking water, medicines and tents to all the cyclone-hit persons immediately. Mukherjee also emphasized on the regeneration of mangrove forest in the coastal pockets to protect the onslaught of the storm and cyclone.The then Kendrapada collector Basanta Swain said, \"I remember him as a no-nonsense man. He clearly said what he wanted. He was moved by the plight of the poor people. He even served meals to the cyclone-hit persons in Ramanagar village himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15134577", "title": "Strike at Madurai Kamaraj University finally ends", "text": "MADURAI: Students and scholars of Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) withdrew their six-day long protest after second round of talks with the university authorities on Tuesday in the presence of the district collector, Anshul Mishra and the superintendent of police, V Balakrishnan.The intervention of the collector and SP was necessitated as the protest appeared to assume bigger proportions with students from various colleges set to join the strike. Apparently, their intervention got the university authorities a step down from their position and accede to the demands of the students.While three of the demands of the protesting students were accepted by vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivanan, she assured that committees would be formed to look into rest of the demands.\"We are satisfied with the talks. We are withdrawing the protest,\" said a jubilant student representative of the newly-floated Madurai Kamaraj University Students Association.The students had presented 10 demands out of which three were immediately agreed to by the vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivanan during the talks that lasted for three hours on Tuesday evening held in the varsity syndicate room in the presence of the collector and SP.\"We held talks with the students. Some of their demands were accepted immediately while others will take some time. The students are happy,\" said Mishra. The two officials played a key role in ensuring a smooth talks and ending the imbroglio.\"The vice-chancellor agreed to continue the dividing system for mess fee in the hostel as against the costlier method of charging individually. She also agreed to open three hostels immediately that were closed down leading to space crunch in the remaining two hostels. We were also assured that room rent and caution deposit would not be collected from SC/ST postgraduate students as per norms,\" said the student representative.The striking students insisted that as per a state government order issued in January this year, no fee should be collected for any course including self financing from SC/ST and converted dalit students. They further demanded the research fee should be reduced. Vice-chancellor assured that a committee comprising senior professors and syndicate members would be formed to look into the demands and decide.She also promised that the hostel welfare committee would look into the demands of allotting single rooms for research scholars instead of forcing two or more of them in one room. On research scholars staying in hostel form more than five years, they should justify their stay with the hostel committee and get it acceptance.Earlier in the day, students intensified the protest by opening a 'kanji thotti' and served rice gruel to the protestors. They had also sent a memorandum to the governor to intervene in the issue and sort out the problems they were facing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133692", "title": "Need to monitor Asha Kiran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 50 inmates jostle for space in an overcrowded dormitory at Asha Kiran, the capital's lone home for mentally challenged children and adults, at Rohini. The facility is crowded overall, with more than 920 people living in a space designated fit for 450.The home is not only congested but also short-staffed with just three 'house aunties' for every 40 inmates \u2014 most of whom have severe mental debility \u2014 when there should be one for three.Despite the state government's repeated assurances over a decade to improve the conditions at the home and decongest it with a new complex with space for 2,000 at Narela, the facility has not materialized.After taking stock of conditions at the home complex, a high court-appointed committee of lawyers will submit a detailed report and recommendations to the Delhi high court on Wednesday. Sources say the committee is seeking constitution of a monitoring mechanism in the form of a multi-disciplinary committee to ensure that the orders of the court are implemented.The lawyers in their report reveal the mismanagement at the complex where shortage of staff and doctors, poor wages for employees and overcrowding are the order.\"The deplorable conditions at Asha Kiran have been highlighted before the Court since 1990 and each time orders have been given to the state to make urgent changes to improve the conditions. But each time the state has given assurances and has prepared plans and schemes. Even now, the home complex planned at Narela \u2014 the last of such plans \u2014 has not seen the light of day,\" said Anant Kumar Asthana, who is part of the committee of lawyers.Last week, an appalled HC had termed it the \"worst kind of human rights violation\" after Asthana showed judges photographs depicting dismal conditions at the home.The HC had slammed the state government for \"keeping the inmates like animals\" and summoned the director of Asha Kiran for an explanation.\"Are they cattle?\" the bench had remarked, making it clear the conditions need to be improved.On the reasons for the delay in setting up of the Narela home where the government proposes to set up a facility, top sources in the department of social welfare said there had been a plan to shift the inmates to an existing facility at Lampur. But when the current minister, Kiran Walia, took charge of the department in February 2011, the decision was reviewed as there is no government hospital in the vicinity of the Lampur home.It was then decided to build a special home for mentally challenged at Narela. The Public Works Department was to execute the project but the minister is learned to have expressed concern over the delay when she found at the meeting in May that the public works department was not ready with the drawing.The project was then handed over to DSIIDC for execution. The land for the project was acquired only recently. The corporation proposes to start construction in six months' time, and will need 18-20 months to complete it.For now, the department is trying to do some fire fighting in the face of court orders by promising to add dormitories at the Asha Kiran Complex in Rohini, sources said.On staff shortage, the department blames the delay on bureaucracy. A demand for additional staff as attendants has been reportedly pending for almost eight months in the administrative reforms department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132307", "title": "Three held for giving fake caste certificates at combined pre medical test counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three candidates who appeared for the counselling of the Combined Pre Medical Test on Tuesday were arrested for producing a fake caste certificate. The district administration officials of the places to which these people hail from informed about them.Besides this, one of the candidates was identified as an impersonator. However, he could not be arrested as before the authorities could act, he fled.Director general medical education, Dr Saudan Singh informed that two of these candidates were caught at the Allahabad counselling centre.These were Satya Prakash and Sweta Gond who hail from Ghazipur and Deoria districts.The third candidate Shubham Naik is a resident of Gorakhpur and was arrested at the Lucknow centre. They all produced fake schedule tribe certificates and were handed over to the police. Regarding the impersonator, Dr Singh informed that the person was identified as Shakti Charan who hails from Varanasi's Pandeypur area. As per records, he took the exam at Maharana Pratap Inter College, Gorakhpur.He reported for counselling on July 21 when officials examined the documents produced by him. Finding discrepancies, they put the admission on hold and asked the candidate to appear again on the Monday. In this while, the pictures of the candidate were matched with the ones taken in the examination hall. After going through the records, the committee concluded that the candidate was fake.Incidentally, he was expected to take his counselling on Tuesday but he did not turn up. Counselling continued till late at night and is expected to be finalised by Wednesday.Besides this, one of the candidates was identified as an impersonator. However, he could not be arrested as before the authorities could act, he fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15136664", "title": "Punjab readies to fight water-born diseases", "text": "BATHINDA: Punjab's local bodies minister, Chunni Lal Bhagat has asked officials of civic bodies to take remedial steps to prevent people of state from the water-born diseases like cholera , diarrhea, gastroenteritis.Bhagat told to TOI that municipal bodies have been asked to carry out surveys of all important supply points. Besides, the health officials have been directed to visit the affected areas in person. Municipal authorities have also been asked to make sure to check leakages/puncturing of water supply pipes/ sewerage lines and resultant contamination of water especially.Bhagat said that Mohalla Sudhar Samities or Nagar Sudhar Samities have been asked to report leakages in water supply and sewerage lines immediately to municipal authorities to stop it immediately. He said that commissioners of all municipal corporations and executive officers of municipal councils would regularly monitor the situation to ensure that there are no heaps of garbage anywhere.He said that civic officials have been asked to put boards and banners across the cities alerting people about diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130324", "title": "Byculla most unhealthy, Bandra is next: Praja", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to healthy living, Byculla was the most unhealthy of the lot with the area coming up top on sensitive diseases with Bandra following it, according to a white paper released by Praja Foundation.The NGO that conducted a survey of households across Mumbai with a sample size of 15,191 said the findings showed that healthwise, Byculla with a 4.13 lakh population was the worst assembly constituency with an estimated one-in-three or 34.1% households suffering from malaria last year. Bandra-both west and east-and Magathane fared worse when it came to malaria cases, with one in four households having contracted the disease but overall, Byculla ranked high on other sensitive diseases like tuberculosis , hypertension and diabetes.An estimated 26.1% of households had malaria cases in Bandra in the past one year, with Magathane having 25.7% and 21% in Andheri.Madhukar Chavan, member of legislative assembly from Byculla constituency, said the area has many problems-sprawling slums and unhygienic conditions-because of which the number of diseases have been high. \"Because the slum population is high, the hygiene conditions are not very good. The slum areas also lack amenities like sanitation and toilets. The BMC needs to pay a little more attention to the area. If it is kept clean, the number of diseases will automatically go down,\" he said.\"The sheer number of people in the city, especially in the slums, makes it impossible to control the communicable diseases,\" said a senior doctor from the medicine department of KEM Hospital.The report revealed that the areas also ranked high in not only communicable diseases like tuberculosis, but also lifestyle diseases like diabetes and hypertension. With the sedentary lifestyle that Mumbaikars are leading, the numbers of diabetes and hypertension cases are bound to increase, said doctors.\"Fast food and lack of exercise have ignited the genetic tendency of citizens to suffer from diabetes. We already have a generation suffering from pre-diabetes. If this is not brought under control, then the next generation is going to suffer worse,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15133614", "title": "Maruti lockout to continue for at least a month, say officials", "text": "GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki India Ltd is in no hurry to end the lockout at the Manesar plant even as the special investigation team is slowly piecing together evidence and arresting the workers who had attacked management officials and went on a rampage at the plant last week. Operations are not likely to resume at least for a month, according to sources.On Tuesday, Section 144 was imposed in the entire area with immediate effect. Several police teams are rounding up workers, who have fled the Manesar region after July 18, the day of the attack that had killed one senior official of Maruti.Senior management executives have claimed that the lockout would continue till such time that the investigation was under way and the guilty were not booked. \"There is no fixed deadline set for the duration of the lockout period at the Manesar plant. The decision would be taken after the police investigation is complete and all the guilty are booked,\" said HR chief S Y Siddiqui.The company is expecting the Haryana government to set up a fast-track court for the trial of the suspects. On Monday, the Maruti management met chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and urged him to order a speedy investigation and beef up security in the Manesar region.\"The decision to appoint renowned senior advocate K T S Tulsi as special prosecutor is commendable,\" said another company executive.District magistrate P C Meena imposed Section 144 under CrPC in the entire area of IMT Manesar (and a 2km radius from the boundaries of IMT Manesar) with immediate effect. This prohibits assembling of five or more persons and carrying of weapons of offence like firearms, swords, lathis, bhallas, jellies, knives and cycle-chains within the area. The order also prohibits taking out of any procession without prior permission of the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15134608", "title": "Bad roads get worse during rain", "text": "HUBLI: With monsoon rain catching up, woes of residents of Sadashiv colony, Vinutana colony and Chetana colony are increasing. For, these areas do not have proper roads and gutters. Many of the interior roads in these colonies are not tarred and they have become muddy, uneven and slippery due to rain.When it rains, water mixed with garbage enters compounds of houses in the area. Potholes get filled with water. Those who use these roads risk limb and life. The roads are especially risky for children and senior citizens.Speaking to TOI, Shek Ibrahim of Vinutana Colony said he is living in the area since the past three years, and the state of the roads has always been the same. \"It worsens during the rainy season, and we find it difficult to step out of the house,\" he added.Heaps of garbage is dumped by the roadside and on empty sites in Sadashiv colony and Vinutana colony, but the corporation does not take any steps to ensure regular cleaning of these areas. Abdul Rahman of Sadashiv colony said because of garbage mounds, stray pig and dog menace has increased in the colony.Tar roads soon: CorporatorSpeaking to TOI, area corporator Kallakuntla Suvarna said that Vinutana Colony came under the HDMC fold only about five year ago. The corporation has provided other facilities to the area with limited funds.Tender process for building roads and gutters in the colony has been completed.Sadashiv Colony roads will be tarred in the coming days with a cost of Rs 20 lakh.Road metalling work is almost complete in Vinutana colony, for which the corporation has spent Rs 8 lakh.Tar roads will be laid with next year's funds, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137287", "title": "Sarah heads to Bollywood next!", "text": "Baby Sarah, who played Vikram's child in Deiva Thiirumagal , has bagged a Bollywood flick! The child artist will play actress Konkona Sen Sharma's daughter in a Hindi flick, that's being produced by Vishal Bharadwaj.Speaking to CT , Sarah's father, actor Raj Arjun says, \"It's a cute role for Sarah and she's having a lot of fun shooting for the flick with the likes of Konkona and Imran Khan. The film is being directed by Kannan, who has earlier worked with Sarah in a television serial.\"Post her outing in the Vikram-starrer, Sarah has also been sought after for roles in Tamil. \"We're waiting for good offers to come up,\" he reveals, \"We're in talks currently with a couple of filmmakers in Kollywood and she (Sarah) will be doing a Tamil film soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "15134979", "title": "Over 160 cows die of foot &amp; mouth disease in Mizoram", "text": "AIZAWL: The death of milch cows that were distributed to the beneficiaries of the New Land Use Policy (NLUP), a flagship programme of the Congress government led by chief minister Lal Thanhawla, snowballed into a major scandal in the state. The Lal Thanhawla government was forced to order a probe into the deaths of at least 169 dairy cows due to pressure from opposition parties and media.The chief minister informed the state assembly that a three-member inquiry committee, headed by state industries secretary PC Lallawmsanga, will submit its reports to the government within two months.Initially, the animal husbandry and veterinary department officials attributed the death of the cows, which were brought from Haryana and Punjab, to foot and mouth disease (FMD) infected from the local cattle.However, owners of cattle in Durtlang and Sihphir said their cows began showing symptoms of FMD after the arrival of the cows imported from Punjab and Haryana.\"The cows in our village began showing signs of FMD after the arrival of cows from Punjab and Haryana. The cows in the southern parts of Aizawl are not affected by the disease as the imported cows were not distributed there,\" said a cattle owner in Sihphir village.So far, 72 cows being reared before the arrival of the 'NLUP cows' died in Sihphir village and 37 cows in Durtlang village due to FMD and related diseases after the arrival of cows from north India, the villagers said.The state government had entered into agreements with two firms of Haryana and Punjab, which were to supply milch cows to the state. The conditions of the agreements were highly beneficial for the two private firms, but not for the NLUP beneficiaries and the Mizoram government.In an agreement signed with the Model Dairy Cattle Breeding Farm of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh, it was agreed that the firm will supply 300 lactating pregnant crossbreed cows, each at the cost of Rs 55,000, which will include the transportation. The agreement was signed on March 21, 2012. The cows were to be brought from Ludhiana in Punjab to Aizawl. \"The animals will be fully vaccinated, healthy, free from any diseases and will be tagged firmly after selection,\" the agreement said.While the animals were to be transported either by road or rail safely from Ludhiana to Aizawl, one of the conditions of the agreement clearly said that after loading the animals, all the responsibilities of the supplier (Model Dairy Cattle Breeding Farm) would be over.The agreement also stipulates 90% advance payment at the time of placing the order and 10% payment at the time of delivery of the cows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130591", "title": "Truck rams into bus on E-way, killing 4", "text": "MUMBAI: A speeding truck rammed into a stationary bus on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, killing four, in the early hours on Tuesday. Two of the deceased belonged to Mulund and the others to Thane and Navi Mumbai.The bus, belonging to Ganesh Travels from Worli, had passengers headed for Kolhapur on Jyotiba pilgrimage. It was parked on a service lane for repairs when the accident occurred, around 1.30 am. Additional DGP (highways) Vijay Kamble said barring the four deceased, who were standing behind the bus and so were crushed by the truck, the passengers were lucky to have escaped unhurt since they were inside the bus.The police said that prima facie it appeared that the truck driver, who fled the scene, had dozed off behind the wheel or could have been driving drunk.Kamble said the accident was similar to the March 28 mishap on the highway, in which 27 members of a marriage party were killed. Most of them were standing or seated around their bus, when a truck rammed into the vehicle.The police said the bus suffered a tyre burst close to Bhatan Tunnel near Khalapur toll post around 1.15 am. The driver parked it on the left service lane and, along with a cleaner, got down to replace the tyre. A few passengers, too, got off the bus. The four deceased were standing behind the bus, and the others along the sides.\"The bus was parked in a safe zone. Its reflectors were also on. It appears the truck driver could not make out the lane in which he was driving and also did not see the bus's lights,\" Kamble said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15134627", "title": "Director general mines safety asked to inspect landslide-hit mine", "text": "KERI: Bicholim deputy collector Narayan Gad has written to the director general of mines safety and the executive engineer, water resources department, to inspect a landslide-hit mine at Barazan. The mine in survey No. 78/1 suffered a landslide on July 18.Gad's request follows a complaint filed by residents of Barazan, a ward of the Bicholim municipal council, who feared that given the heavy rains during that period, their homes would be direly affected by the landslide.Gad's letter to the officials states, \"It is reported that there are some houses on the other side of the mining pit in which the landslide has taken place. The said pit is filled with water and has developed cracks.\"Requesting that the mine be inspected from the safety aspect, Gad has asked for a report along with recommendations for necessary action.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar had earlier submitted a report to Gad that there was a landslide at the mine of Sesa Mining Company at Barazan in survey No. 78/1, in TC No. 12/41 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15138686", "title": "High court of Bombay at Goa to get a new building", "text": "PANAJI: The new building of high court of Bombay at Goa is to come up in Porvorim, not very far from the state Secretariat.The land admeasuring 22,898 sq mt has been acquired for construction of the high court complex which falls in the jurisdiction of Penha-de-Franca village panchayat, the Goa assembly was informed. This land was acquired by the government many years ago.Currently, the high court of Bombay at Goa is housed at Altinho, Panaji. In a written reply to Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte (Independent), chief minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar who is the law minister said the government is awaiting for space requirement from the high court. Asked when the work will begin, he said the government is \"awaiting for the space requirement to be provided by the high court for the construction of the proposed building as per their specifications\". Once the government gets the information, it will start the work, he added.The assembly was also informed that the government plans to set up housing complexes for judges and senior lawyers at three locations. One is at Karaswada, Mapusa and the other two are at Morombi-o-Piquene,Merces on the outskirts of Panaji and Monte hill, Margao in south Goa. Estimates are being prepared by the Public works department (PWD), the written reply said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15134980", "title": "Centre nod to dental college at Regional Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "IMPHAL: The long-awaited dental college of the Centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) here will be inaugurated soon as the Centre has given its permission for the same.The first session of the college is likely to begin from next month for which authorities of the premier health institute of the region are in constant touch with central officials.The annual intake capacity of the college is 50 students from the northeastern states excluding Assam , a statement released by the RIMS media advisor on Tuesday said. Being the host state, Manipur may get a substantial number of seats, it said, adding that some seats are reserved for the children of RIMS employees.\"This is an important milestone for the 40-year-old RIMS. The dental college will be much welcomed by the students of Manipur. All these years, students of the state have been pursuing dental studies in private colleges by paying huge capitation and hostel fees,\" said the statement.It said there was inordinate delay in obtaining the permission for the dental college as the relevant file was closed in 2010 in the Union health ministry.However, the director and his team, who are members of the Dental College Development Committee, contacted the ministry and left no stone unturned to expedite the matter.One senior specialist, R R Singh, is already in Imphal for the dental college; N Nabachandra, ormer head of the dental department of RIMS, has contributed a lot to the spadework of the college.Former health minister Anbumani Ramadoss had on May 14, 2008 laid the foundation stones of the dental college, a nursing college and a new OPD block of the institute, which has 23 PG faculties (subjects) and two super specialty departments. The nursing college has already been opened.Established on September 14, 1972, RIMS was christened Regional Medical College (RMC) and later renamed North Eastern Regional Medical College; from 1976, it was run under the Union home ministry.After 19 years, it was again renamed Regional Institute of Medical Sciences and its management was under the North East Council (NEC), ministry of DoNER. On April 1, 2007 the institute was taken over by the ministry of health and family welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15127892", "title": "Railway minister Mukul Roy assures construction of road over bridge in Bokaro", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The assurance made by railway minister Mukul Roy to include the road over bridge (ROB) proposal in the railway supplementary budget for the current fiscal has rekindled hopes of early redressal of the long-pending issue of traffic congestion on the accident prone Jugsalai level crossing.Over 1 lakh people residing in the densely populated Jugsalai municipal area and in adjoining Baghbera have been confronting problems in traveling to and from the city every day for the past several decades owing to poor level-crossing infrastructure. However, following persistent effort made by the Jamshedpur MP Dr Ajay Kumar , the railway minister Roy agreed to include the ROB project in the supplementary budget for the current fiscal.\"It took sometime to convince the railway minister about the sensitivity of the issue. Finally he agreed and and assured me that he would include the long-pending proposal in the supplementary budget for 2012-13,\" Dr Kumar said adding that he looks forward to an early start of the construction work. Dr Kumar had met Roy early this month.The need for the ROB at the railway level crossing has been necessitated given the manifold increase in vehicular traffic in the last few years.\"In just five to seven minutes (when the traffic is stopped at the level crossing to ensure smooth passage of the trains) the vehicles queue stretches to long distance causing difficulties for pedestrians to move freely on the stretch,\" said Manjeet Singh , a local resident who runs a shop near the level crossing.This railway crossing separates the two main pass of the city namely Jugsalai and Bistupur. Several fatal accidents have taken place at the level crossing in the past several years as people, in hurry, tend to walk over the level crossing without paying adequate attention to the movement of trains. Over two dozen trains including passenger and goods trains ply through the level crossing round the clock, each day.\"GM SER A K Verma has assured me of completing the necessary paper work and forward it to the ministry in the next 10 days time,\" said Dr Kumar.The state government has approved the project and is ready to finance 50 per cent of project cost. The Union government has to fund the remaining 50 per cent of the project cost. The total cost of the project is around Rs 12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133348", "title": "Car parked in prime south Delhi slot found burnt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital has witnessed many incidents of road rage in the past but in a shocking case of parking rage, a car and a motorbike were burnt down allegedly by some residents of Shahpur Jat as the vehicles were parked in a manner that blocked 'prime' parking space.\"We usually park the car along the park outside our house, but some other car was parked at that spot on Friday night. So we parked the car on the road leading to Asiad Games Village. I don't know what happened at night but other residents informed us the next morning that our car was set on fire. Even the motorbike parked alongside our car was totally damaged,\" said Baldev Singh, owner of the car and a DDA flat resident.Acknowledging that parking is huge problem in the area, Singh added that residents had created a ruckus before also when he had parked his car at some other place. Singh has lodged a complaint at the Hauz Khas police station. \"The motive is not clear and we cannot conclude that parking problem led to this accident. Investigations are on and area residents are being questioned,\" said a senior cop.The parking problem in the area has become so serious that residents have started reserving a spot on public land with 'chains'. While speaking to TOI, an area resident pointed out that while the commercial activities have been rising in the area, the parking space isn't adequate. \"Nobody can block a spot on public property. It is a blatant case of encroachment. Some of the vacant DDA plots in the area have been turned into parking but even that isn't enough,\" said Kuldeep Rana (48), a resident.Even office-goers and shoppers complain of instances when their vehicle tyres were cut-off for parking on the 'booked' slot.\"Every other day, there are instances of residents slicing the tyres and people getting into heated arguments over parking. There is no end to our parking woes. Everybody can't block a space on the road and even the civic agency should take cognizance of the situation,\" said an office-goer (who did not wish to be named).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133946", "title": "\u2018Middle class family can\u2019t afford a car\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After two sets of reductions in petrol prices last month, oil marketing companies have raised petrol prices by 70 to 91 paisa in Tricity, effective midnight Monday. The move has come as a result of increasing international oil rates and has ended up making millions of residents unhappy.Petrol price was hiked in Chandigarh by 86 paisa by adding 16 paisa tax, whereas there was no increase in the price of Diesel rates. With the latest hike, the price of petrol stands at Rs 70.01 paisa per litre in Chandigarh, and the same varied in Mohali and Panchkula as per the tax policies.\"I made a mistake by buying a petrol car. I feel I should have invested in a diesel car as it would prove more affordable,\" said Jitender Sharma, a resident of Phase VII, Mohali.\"It's become impossible for a middle class family to afford a car now. Thus petrol price hike is expected to attract uproar from all quarters and ultimately government will have to defer its plan of raising prices of diesel, kerosene and cooking gas,\" said Kanshi Ram , of Sector 15.\"With frequency in increasing petrol prices, a day is not far when government will start increasing petrol prices on a daily basis. A daily price revision might make changes more acceptable to consumers as it would be in small doses at least!\" said Jitender Sharma, of Phase VII, Mohali", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "15134518", "title": "After sand, soil too has become commodity of conflict", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: It is not just sand that has become a commodity of conflict. Of late, soil too, has become an over exploited product leading to illegal quarrying and conflict in the rural backyard of Tamil Nadu.Fine soil dug from irrigation tank beds and few other stretches is much in demand across the state for varied purposes like manufacture of bricks, in construction and levelling of newly-developed residential plots. A tractor load of soil is sold for anything between Rs 400 up to Rs 800 and indiscriminate and illegal quarrying of soil has become a thriving business in several villages.Though not in the scale of sand quarrying, soil quarrying has also led to clashes among persons involved in the trade. \"Soil quarrying is in vogue for several decades. But of late, there is a boom in demand for soil due to huge rise in construction activity. Besides the increase in demand for bricks that has spurred the need for soil, coarse soil is also used extensively to level land in newly developed plots,\" said a police official in Tirunelveli. Earlier, soil from tank beds were removed during desiltation and there was not much opposition as it had a benefit. But now unscrupulous soil mining has left many irrigation tanks with dangerous depths that water level often fails to raise to the brim. In Marukalkurichi village, Vanamamalai and rival gangs too were involved in such indiscriminate exploitation of soil in one such tank. \"Both these groups were unscrupulously scooping truck loads of soil. We hope at least this incident would put an end to the practice,\" a villager said.While in the past, soil quarrying did not require government approval, recently the state government made it mandatory to obtain quarrying permission to deter over exploitation of soil. However, indiscriminate quarrying continues.A few months ago, Keelamathur villagers thronged the district collectorate urging immediate intervention of the collector to revoke the quarrying orders. \"The parties involved in quarrying earlier, had dug deep holes so near to the weir, the water is not flowing into the channel for irrigation at all. From the 600 acres of cultivation, we were forced to reduce it to mere 350 acres. Further, the water-level in the nearby wells is low, affecting well irrigation. The farmers are forced to sell off their land to realtors,\" lamented C Duraipandian, former president of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138705", "title": "John and me complement each other, says Meera", "text": "Meera Vasudev got married to actor John Kokken in a quiet ceremony last May. The couple, who are now settled in Goa, say they couldn't be happier, despite their differences. While Meera is a Tamil Iyengar, John is a Roman Catholic from Kerala, settled in Mumbai.  \"Religion has never come between us, and we respect each other's faith,\" they say. \"North Goa, where we live, is away from the crowded tourist spots. The air is fresh here and I'm relaxing a lot. My life had a lot of complications earlier and now it's much more simpler and easier,\" she says.The couple has three dogs whom they adore and take up a lot of their time. \"I'm a person who is easily hurt. I withdraw into a shell if something goes wrong or somebody says something. John is the exact opposite. He knows exactly how to handle people and situations.\" John, on the other hand, feels that the reason why they get along is that they were, and still are, best friends. \"There is mutual love, admiration and respect, but more than all that, we are friends, and marriage hasn't changed that.\"Meera will be seen next in M Mohanan's 916 , while John has his hands full with villain roles in all four South Indian languages. Has anyone considered casting them together in a film? \"There has been some talk but nothing has materialised as yet,\" says John.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134449", "title": "Detained trader\u2019s wife seeks govt help", "text": "MUMBAI: The wife of a Mumbai trader, Shyam Agarwal, who has been kept captive in China for the last few months, has appealed to the Indian external affairs minister for help to bring him back.Her renewed request came in after her husband's colleague from Hyderabad, Deepak Raheja, who was also held in captivity with Shyam, was freed by the Chinese administration following a death in his family.Jyoti, wife of Shyam, the sole breadwinner of the family which lives near Elphinstone Road station, has been trying to fight off the allegation of duping levelled against him in Shanghai , allegedly in the absence of any government help.With even the Indian government allegedly showing poor response to her repeated requests, Shyam's wife and children are selling off all their belongings to send him money. Managing food, college and housing society fees has become an arduous task.In a fresh mail to S M Krishna, the external affairs minister, Jyoti has urged for permission to end hear life as she and her kids couldn't survive in Shyam's absence. \"My husband is detained in China since long. Being a heart patient and no one to care for, it seems only my death can bring my hubby back in India. I can't survive anymore,\" she said in her appeal to Krishna recently.Shyam and his colleague from Hyderabad, Deepak worked for Euro Global, a firm owned by a Yemeni national. A cheating case was lodged against Raheja and Agarwal, who were accused of owing 10 million RMB ($1.58 million) to Chinese traders after the owner fled, leaving unpaid dues. The two were reportedly abducted by the Chinese clients for \"defaulting on payments\".Shyam and Deepak have been set free on bail by the Chinese police, but they cannot leave the country until the government there takes over the case, which is under trial in Yiwu. In the meantime, Jyoti came to know about Raheja being brought to Hyderabad due to a death in his family following which she mailed her request to Krishna and Congress president Sonia Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15134404", "title": "Won\u2019t be representing India or any Indian sports body at London Olympics: Suresh Kalmadi tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suresh Kalmadi Tuesday informed the Delhi high court he won't be representing India or any Indian sports body on his proposed trip to London for the Olympics.Defending his travel to the United Kingdom for the sports extravaganza, Kalmadi assured the court he will not watch any sporting event as an invitee of the government, but argued he cannot be stopped from travelling and watching a game in his individual capacity.A bench comprising Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw then wrapped up hearing on a petition challenging Kalmadi's foreign travel and said it will pronounce its verdict in Wednesday. Rahul Mehra, a lawyer, has sought Kalmadi be restrained from going to London.\"I'm not going to attend meetings in London on behalf of either the Government of India or any Indian sports body. I'm not carrying the badge of Indian representative in the Olympics,\" Kalmadi's counsel Mukul Rohatgi told the bench.Kalmadi said he is the President of Asian Athletes Association (AAA) and has been invited by International Association of Athletes Federation (IAAF), \"a foreign body which is not before this court\" adding that his fundamental right to travel cannot be curtailed when he is assuring the court that he is going there on behalf of AAA.\"What heavens will fall if some friend of mine gives me a ticket or I myself purchase a ticket and go there to watch a sporting event...? This application is motivated and directed against me,\" Rohatgi said.In reply to a query by the bench as to how Kalmadi became the AAA president, Rohatgi answered the sports administrator was elected president of Athletic Federation of India in 2001 and became the AAA president the same year and as a consequence he has been invited by IAAF. \"It seems even the foreign sporting bodies have the Indian tradition of electing members in perpetuity,\" Justice Sikri remarked.Mehra who filed the application opposing Kalmadi's London visit as the part of another related petition, started the argument with a claim that Kalmadi can be and should be prohibited from going to London as his visit was not a personal one.\"India is one of the members of AAA, which has 44 other members and Kalmadi being the president of AAA cannot claim that he will not represent India there,\" Mehra said. He also referred to various provisions of the Constitution of AAA and IAAF to drive home his point that on moral and ethical values, Kalmadi can be and should be restrained from attending London Olympics.The court on July 18 had sought Kalmadi's reply on Mehra's plea for restraining him from going to London for the 2012 Olympics and had asked him not to advance his slated July 26 departure for it.On July 13, a special CBI court had allowed Kalmadi to go to London from July 26 to August 13 for the 2012 London Olympics.Mehra objected to Kalmadi's proposed London sojourn, contending that he is going to attend the games on public money and in violation of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) code of ethics.He had sought the high court's direction to restrain Kalmadi from going to London on the ground that he is facing trial in a corruption case and cannot be allowed to represent the country in an international event.The Lok Sabha MP and 10 others have been charge-sheeted by the CBI under various provisions of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding a contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system for the 2010 Commonwealth Games to Swiss Timing, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134733", "title": "Patna University distance eduation admission opens", "text": "PATNA: With the process of admission to the regular courses in different colleges and postgraduate departments of Patna University (PU) nearing completion, the directorate of distance education (DDE) has opened its doors for the admission seekers.Since there will be no entrance test in the DDE, a large number of admission seekers are likely to apply for admission to three-year degree courses in arts and commerce streams. Students would get admission on the basis of their marks secured in Plus 2 (Intermediate) examination.DDE director Ran Vijay Kumar said the admission forms for professional courses were already being sold. August 14 is the last date to submit the application forms. Admission to all these courses, except BCA (Bachelor of Computer Applications), will be made on the basis of marks secured in the last qualifying examination. There would be an entrance test for admission to the BCA course, he said.The professional courses in distance education mode at the DDE are Bachelor of Library and Information Science, PG Diploma in journalism , PG diploma in financial management, PG diploma in marketing management and PG diploma in operations management, besides the BCA course.The sale of application forms for admission to BA and BCom (H) Part I courses will commence on August 1. Students securing 60% and above marks will be directly admitted to BA and BCom courses on August 1. Direct admission to the three-year degree courses for students having secured 55% and above marks will start on August 8 while students with 50% and above marks could get admission from August 16. Admission for students with 45% and above marks would start on August 23. Students belonging to reserved categories would be admitted on August 31, he said.Kumar pointed out that the DDE is likely to introduce some new courses, including MA in education, PG diploma in industrial safety management and PG diploma in rural management, from the next academic session.For the last 38 years, the DDE, formerly known as the Institute of Correspondence Courses, has been serving the higher education needs of those who for some reason or the other could not join regular courses. The ever-increasing number of students in different courses under the DDE indicates its popularity. There are more than 13,000 students enrolled in the DDE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131867", "title": "Herbal diet pills come with risks: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A study by Consumer Education &amp; Research Center (CERC) and CHOICE \u2014 an Australia based consumer organization revealed that ingredients widely used in herbal slimming pills come with some serious health-related risks.\"These pills can help lose weight only by reducing a person's appetite and their efficacy is yet to be proved,\" a press release on the report said.The report says that slimming pills can have severe and serious side-effects, if taken without consulting a doctor. \"Before consuming any such pill, one should also check the ingredients and avoid those having bitter orange, chitosan or chromium picolinate, as their consumption can lead to fainting, heart attack, stroke, DNA damage, mal-absorption of nutrients and loose, oily stools.\"Consumers should take note that the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) has banned the widely used anti-obesity drugs containing sibutramine marketed in India under brand names such as Reductil, Meridia and Sibutrex. \"This ban came into force after studies indicated that sibutramine increased the rate of heart attack, stroke and death in patients who consumed it to shed excess flab.\"Revelations made in a detailed report on findings of the study, carried in India's leading consumer magazine 'Insight' published by Consumer Education &amp; Research Society (CERC) Ahmedabad, is also startling. It says that claims made by manufacturers of such pills are too good to believe, no proper research has been done so far to ascertain the efficacy of these drugs.Citing reviews by experts, it adds that research in this regard is really the need of the hour, as the weight-loss industry is booming in India and herbal diet pills enjoy a significant share of the market.According to doctors, such diet pills, at the most, only reduce the appetite of the person. This reduces the food intake and thus calories are burnt. But once the person is off the pill, the appetite returns, in some cases even increases. Dramatic weight-loss testimonials come with the fine print, their results are due to a lot more than taking product X, such as larger changes in diet and activity levels.There are many herbal weight-loss supplements available in the market, which have conflicting or insufficient evidence of their efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133528", "title": "West Bengal showers Rs 50L bounty on stars", "text": "KOLKATA: A government, which cribs for having to pay huge interest on piled up debt, doled out cheques worth Rs 50 lakh among cine stars and film industry members on the occasion of Uttam Kumar's death anniversary on Tuesday. The broke government promised it to be only the beginning and that there are plans to shower bounties on prominent film personalities every year.Out of the total awardees, the first four award winners got Rs 2 lakh each and the rest 42 awardees got Rs 1 lakh each from chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"This is a small effort to show our respect to the stars. There are many elderly people in this industry who do not have anybody to look after them. We want to start a pension scheme for them and they will get Rs 5,000 each every month from the state government,\" the CM said. She announced that elderly camera person Kanai De, art director Kartik Basu, music director Ajoy Das, music director Anol Chattopadhayay and actress Dipti Roy will immediately start getting their pension from the state government.In a star-studded ceremony, actor Mithun Chakraborty received the Mahanayak Samman named after Mahanayak Uttam Kumar. Soumitra Chattopadhyay, Supriya Devi and Sabitri Chattopadhyay were honoured with lifetime achievement awards.Bishesh Chalachitra Puroshkar (special award) were given to 42 stars, including Madhabi Mukhopadhyay, Aparna Sen, Biswajit Chattopadhyay and Goutam Ghose. Trinamool MPs and actors Tapas Pal and Shatabdi Roy, along with Trinamool MLA Debasree Roy, were also among those who were feted with awards for their contribution to Bengali cinema. While receiving her award, Madhabi Mukhopadhyay said, \"Uttam Kumar was also a great social worker. He always extended help to the poor. But he never got any return from government. This award fetched him that recognition.\"During his address to the audience, Dadasaheb Phalke winner Soumitra Chattopadhyay pointed out that absence of director Mrinal Sen. \"I am proud that we could introduce the award ceremony after the great actor. I will expect this will inspire the younger generation. It would have been better if we could have seen director Mrinal Sen as well,\" he said.The state government also published a copy of monthly magazine Basumati from Tuesday after its revival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132235", "title": "Students urge people to light candle for martyrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students in the city on Tuesday took a step forward to pay tributes to those who lost their lives in saving the nation. To pay homage to the martyrs, students will be holding a candle march on July 26 which is also observed as Kargil Vijay Diwas.\"A mother, sister, father, brother, and a friend have lost someone close to their hearts. We can't get them back, but we can certainly stand for them, who sacrificed their lives for us. By lighting a candle in their name, we can show our presence,\" said Aditya Kapoor, a student.The candlelight march will begin at 6.30 pm from GPO, Hazratganj and will pass through Hanuman temple, Mayfair trisection, DM house, KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium, Parivartan Chowk, and will finally culminate at Shaheed Smarak.As per the students, the main aim for organising the candle march is to spread the message that martyrs who sacrificed themselves for their Motherland can never be forgotten. \"Their memories will always be cherished by us,\" said another student.Students say it hurts that soldiers are only remembered in times of hardship or only on particular days. \"Why do we need a day to celebrate their victory?\" questions Aditya. He urged people to participate in the event and ensure that the souls of the heroes who lost their lives rest in peace. The event will see participation from cadets of 63 UP/BN. Students also request people to bring Tricolour, charts and banners with slogans written on it for the war heroes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133527", "title": "Meta-college courses open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has started the admission process for the new BTech in humanities courses under the meta-college. The announcement came within 24 hours of the getting the final nod by the executive council. The four-year degree programme will be offered by DU's cluster innovation centre (CIC) from August.Students can apply from Wednesday. The forms can either be downloaded or collected from CIC. Last date for submission of forms is August 1. Applicants will have to sit for a written entrance test involving multiple choice questions on August 5. This will be followed by an interview of shortlisted students. Selected students will forfeit their college seats. Those who are currently enrolled in any of the regular full-time programmes at a DU college are eligible for the course. The total intake is 40. VC Dinesh Singh said, \"Students will be able to design their own degree by choosing courses from different colleges. These make up 50% of the syllabus, and the rest will be specialization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132799", "title": "Drive to plant 40k trees in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Industry bodies in Nashik have decided to plant 40,000 saplings in the industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) by the end of the current financial year, 2012-13. Accordingly, they are planning to launch a tree plantation drive from August 5 in all industrial estates of MIDC in Nashik.The issue of tree plantation had come up at during the recent meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM). The then collector P Velarasu had asked the industries to take the initiative in planting saplings for trees and industrial associations had assured the collector that they woul take the lead in the effort to go green.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, president of the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"We are planning to plant around 40,000 saplings in Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar MIDC within the district by the end of the current financial year. We have already given letters to district collector Vilas Patil, NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare and the joint director (industry), P Daberao, in this connection and have urged authoritiies to make available saplings for plantation.\"\"We are also launching a tree plantation drive from August 5 in Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar industrial areas of MIDC. We will continue tree plantation as per the availability of saplings from the forest department,\" Mali added. He said the assoication was also planning to conduct survey in Ambad MIDC to decide on locations for the plantations. \"Saplings will be planted along the internal and major roads in all MIDC areas. Besides, we have also given a letter to the MIDC to give its permission to plant saplings in open spaces in its industrial areas,\"Maid said.Adding that they had made it compulsory for each industry to plant at least five saplings within the premises of their industrial units. \"This will definitely go a long way toward make industrial estates a green one,\" Mali concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "15134889", "title": "SBI vehicle hijacked, Rs 70L looted", "text": "CHHAPRA: Thumbing their nose at the police administration, armed miscreants on Tuesday afternoon looted Rs 70 lakh after hijacking the vehicle carrying the amount from the State Bank of India (SBI)'s main branch at Hajipur to the bank's branch at Sonepur, 5km away.SBI's chief manager at the business development branch at Chhapra A K Basant said the five miscreants riding two motorcycles intercepted the vehicle on the old bridge over the Gandak and hijacked it as well as the bank's employees, including a cashier, two guards and the driver, who were on the vehicle. After hectic search, the police found the empty vehicle abandoned near the new bridge on the Gandak nearby. The four employees had been spared.An FIR has been lodged in the Hajipur police station in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15134373", "title": "Licences of 31 agro centres cancelled", "text": "AKOLA: The licences of 31 agro service centres in Akola district have been cancelled for black-marketing and selling outdated seeds.The licences of four other agro service centres have been suspended, according to Uday Kathode, agriculture development officer (ADO) of ZIlla Parishad, Akola. Some businessmen were given licences but they did not make any transaction in agro field.Agriculture department had recently conducted an inspection drive and the guilty licence holders were given a hearing. After that, the licences were cancelled.Surprisingly, some businessmen dealing with agro service did not maintain the entry as well as stock register. Moreover, they indulged in illegal selling of BT cotton.4 hurt in wild pigs' attackFour persons were injured, one of them seriously, in an attack by wild pigs at Vyad in Washim district two days ago.Kashinath Dhele (55) was seriously injured as three to four wild pigs attacked him. These pigs also destroyed standing crops.The other injured included Pandurang Borkar, Rameshwar Borkar and Bhikaji Bonde.Nozzles' theft has ryots in a fixNine farmers in rural parts are finding themselves in a difficult situation after the nozzles of sprinklers on fields were stolen, hampering agricultural operations. Though complaints were lodged, the police are yet to arrest the gang involved in the theft of nozzles.Photo on Facebook causes flutterThe photo of a youth keeping his legs on a 'Shivling' uploaded on Facebook created sensation in the city. Chetan Ingle, an activist of MNS, filed a complaint on Sunday for hurting the feelings of Hindus.Ingle said the matter is all the more serious as the devout are celebrating Shravan.Rains bring cheers to farmers, peopleContinuous rains since Saturday have brought cheers to farmers who were forced to sow the crops again due to scanty rainfall.Rains also brought cheers to the people in general as the water level has increased to 9% in Katepurna dam, the lifeline of Akola. Water level in other dams, including Morna, Nirguna, Uma and Wan reservoirs, has also increased to a comfortable level. An average rainfall of 21.79mm was recorded in the last 24 hours.Akola received 25.30mm rainfall while Barshi Takli 36mm, Akot 11.20 mm, Telhara 8 mm, Balapur 13 mm, Patur 9 mm and Murtizapur 50 mm respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134175", "title": "Massive power cuts, city grits teeth", "text": "GURGAON: Despite being in the 'no-power-cut' zone, the city is still facing extreme electricity crisis in almost all parts of the city.The residents had experienced long hours of power cuts, which was to be fixed once the monsoon arrives. However, flickering power cuts remain a constant problem. These power cuts are reported to last for about 20 minutes to an hour. The frequency of the cuts is observed to be around 10 to 15 times a day, in Gurgaon. Electricity may come for 10 to 40 minutes and follows the same course of ebbing.In Saraswati Kunj, for instance, there was no electricity for over 12 hours, on Monday, from 6:30am till night. Saraswati Kunj is a cooperative society with more than 50 residents.At the time of its establishment, Dakshin Haryna Bijli Vitaran Nigam (DHBVN) refused to install power supply resources there. The members of the Residents Welfare Association (RWA) pooled in Rs 40 lakhs for HT &amp; LT wire installation and transformers. \"The authorities issued us just one transformer, while the society needed at least 8. We pay Rs 1300 per month for maintenance and nothing is being taken care of,\" said Chhibbar of Saraswati Kunj. The area experiences at least 13 power cuts a day, during which the electricity shows up for less than 40 minutes. \"The authorities keep on adding new connections to the old transformer, increasing the load that results in such power cuts. The power earthing is also poor here, as my house had caught fire three times now,\" added Chhibbar.Sector 4 of HUDA faces such power cuts as well. It is observed that electricity goes every 20 to 60 minutes on a daily basis, while it stays for only 10 to 40 minutes. For instance, on Sunday night, the electricity went at 7 in the evening and returned at 1:30 am. \"My family and I were sitting on the terrace till 1:30 am. The worst thing is going late to work, on a Monday morning,\" said Sanjay Nair, resident of Sector 4. However, the situation is better in Ardee City. There are such flickering power cuts about 10 times a day, but for short phases. \"There are power cuts but it doesn't bother much because we have an inverter,\" said Pratyush Negi, a resident of Ardee City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130547", "title": "Jail inmates of Anantpur to grow medicinal plants for Ayurveda firm", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inmates of the Prisoners' Agricultural Colony, Anantapur, will soon be cultivating medicinal herbs for a drug company. A yield of one tonne of Alfalfa could fetch about Rs 60,000. The revenue so earned will go to the A P Prisoners' Welfare Fund. The prisoners who work in the farm, however, will get a daily wage of Rs 70 each.On Tuesday, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between the prisons department and Himalaya Drug Company for the cultivation of herbs at PAC, Anantapur.Director general of prisons T P Das said more such projects would be taken up at other prisons in the state depending on the success of the latest experiment. He said that, if possible, a hike in the incentives for the prisoners working on such projects would be considered. Das said initially 30 prisoners would be involved in the project at PAC Anantapur.Babu, head, agrotech and phytochemistry of Himalaya said the skills required to cultivate medicinal plants would be imparted to prisoners by the company which would also supply seeds. The company would also purchase dried neem leaves collected from the certified organic area of the PAC as per the MoU. Babu said a similar project was taken up in the open air prison at Avathi village in Devanhalli taluk in Karnataka.Prisoners who undergo training for the cultivation of the herbs and work in the prison farm would also have another advantage. After their release, they can take up similar cultivation for the company.Inspector general of prisons (IG) B Sunil Kumar elaborated on the other programmes being taken up by the prisons department. He said the prestigious Asia and Pacific Conference of Correctional Administration (APCCA) meeting would be held next year in the state. The National Prisons Academy would also come up at Vikarabad, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131416", "title": "Modi invites Japan to the rising land of sun power", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief Minister Narendra Modi has invited Japan's companies to invest in the 'Go Green project', under which the state is planning to generate 5,000 megawatt solar power by installing solar panels on the Narmada Canal.Elaborating on various projects, Modi said: \"Gujarat is also setting up Asia's biggest desalination plant in Dholera to recycle seawater for industrial use according to the state's new desalination policy.\" He said that the state would harness wind and solar power. \"Panels are being installed on structures atop the 4,000km long Narmada canal network,\" he said. \"The state is preparing hazard-free shipbuilding and ship-breaking infrastructure, a gas grid, and broadband connectivity as part of NextGen development.\"Modi said that the forthcoming global investors' summit in Gujarat would help boost industrial, commercial, and economic relations between Japan and India.\"Japan has numerous qualities and one thing which I know and I want to mention is that people of Japan assess and dissect various issues before taking any decision,\" Modi says in an official release. \"They evaluate the repercussions of their decision after five or ten years. They take a step only after being fully convinced.\"On day two of his visit to Japan, Modi met top executives, including those from Bank of Tokyo, Mitsubishi , and Hitachi. He expressed confidence that Japan, with its experience and technology, and Gujarat with its entrepreneurial skills and talented manpower could play a decisive role in making India and Japan powerful economies of the 21st century.Modi reiterated that Gujarat's advantages were political stability, industrial peace in labour relations, policy-driven reforms, uninterrupted power supply, consistent and fast implementation of policies, and transparency in governance.Deputy Prime Minister of Japan Katsuya Okada invited the Modi to the prime minister's office. The duo discussed ways to expand ties between Gujarat and Japan.Modi said that India and Japan not only share business relationships but also Buddhist influences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chirang/ kokrajhar", "code": "15134884", "title": "Assam riots: Community no bar in ethnic clash", "text": "CHIRANG/ KOKRAJHAR: In the relief camps set up for the victims of the recent ethnic violence that has rocked the twin districts of Chirang and Kokrajhar in Western Assam , bordering Bhutan , the gloomy faces of the relief camp inmates are darker than the overcast skies, and tell the story of their sufferings.The spate of violence has spared none in these two districts, irrespective of community. This is an apparent sign that the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) - a Sixth Schedule administrative arrangement in which the two districts fall - and the state government have not learnt any lessons from the ethnic clash that bled Udalguri district in 2008. Over one lakh people were displaced and many killed in the 2008 ethnic violence in Udalguri, which is also under BTC. The BTC covers four districts - Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri.If Shahadat Ali (35) of Besorbari village in Chirang lost everything in the mindless violence, Durga Basumatary of Malgaon in Kokrajhar had to run for safety leaving behind her home and property.It was a cloudy Monday evening when Shahadat, an autorickshaw driver, was preparing for Iftar with his family, that a horde of miscreants gutted his house. \"We could not save any of our belongings. We rushed to the relief camps for safety with empty hands,\" he said.At least eight minority-dominated villages in Chirang were gutted by miscreants on Monday. The arson continued even on Tuesday, with more villages with Muslim populations being attacked.About 5,000 people from different villages neighbouring Besorbari are currently put up in three relief camps at Nangalbhanga, also in Chirang. About 150 houses were gutted in these villages.On the other hand, the Bodos tell similar tales of suffering. Durga Basumatary's village, Malgaon, in Kokrajhar was set on fire by miscreants on Tuesday morning. About 50 houses were gutted in the village. The fear hangs heavy in Durga's words: \"We ran for our lives when our village was set ablaze. I didn't know where I was going when I left my village. My husband went in another direction.\"While the Muslims are upset the violence has disrupted their holy month of Ramzan, the Bodos are no longer upbeat about the forthcoming post-harvest Nangalkrah festival as the current rice cultivation season has been spoiled by the turmoil. In Kokrajhar, more than 25 villages belonging to both the Bodos and the Muslims have been gutted since Monday night.Tension prevailed at Sishubari in Chirang till Tuesday noon when miscreants, armed with firearms and sharp weapons, came onto the banks of River Huthoti, which divides Bodo and Muslim-dominated villages. The standoff was cleared after both sides assured that they would not enter into each other's villages.\"Both sides have agreed not to enter the other community's villages. We are much relieved after our discussions,\" said All Bodoland Minority Students Union (ABMSU) leader Shahjahan Ali Ahmed.While Sishubari is relieved for the time-being, in other villages across Chirang and Kokrajhar, fear and suspicion prevail. All outsiders and unknown faces are being chased out. Even journalists are not allowed to enter some of the villages.Amid fear of arson and attacks, people continued to rush to the 50-odd relief camps in Chirang and Kokrakhar districts on Tuesday. People also fled the BTC area to safety. About 600 Bodos have taken shelter in Kajalgaon relief camps, while over 5,000 Muslims have left their villages from different parts of Chirang.Since Friday, over 60,000 people have been displaced and at least 32 killed so far. Unofficially, though, three persons were killed at Sapkata in Kokrajhar and one in Chirang on Tuesday.As the violence continued, sane voices clamouring for peace and harmony started emerging from both the communities. \"We've had enough bloodshed. We want peace among the different communities in the BTC area. I don't understand why the government is failing in its duty to ensure security to common people,\" said Sopra Mushahary of Kokrajhar.ABMSU Chirang working president Shah Kamal Khondekar said, \"We want to live in peace and harmony. We want an end to this violence as it brings no benefit to anyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15134818", "title": "Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott wants fishing ban till August 15", "text": "MARGAO: Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott (GRE) wants the commencement of the fishing season for trawlers to be August 15 as opposed to August 1, the day when the fishing ban will be lifted. GRE further calls on the fisheries ministry to strictly enforce the ban on fishing within 5 km and to seize the boats which flout the law.Traditional fishermen further stated that they are willing to follow a 90-day total fishing ban, instead of the present 45 days ban, if the trawler owners also follow the same and thereafter operate their trawlers beyond 5 km from the shore as is stipulated in the rules.GRE president Agnelo Rodrigues in a statement issued on Tuesday said, \"In the last season trawlers were fishing with impunity within 100 m of the seashore and damage the rampons and gill nets of the traditional fisherman. Keeping this in mind, GRE calls on the new BJP government to strictly enforce the law and ensure that the same does not occur in this season.\"Pointing out that maximum length of fishing trawlers should not exceed 60 feet, Rodrigues further demanded that the fisheries ministry inspects the trawlers to detect if any of the trawlers had flouted such norms and punish the culprits if they were found to be guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134751", "title": "Pirbahore police station ceiling caves in", "text": "PATNA: Eight policemen of Pirbahore police station had a miraculous escape when a large chunk of the ceiling of the old police station caved in on Tuesday evening.Police station in-charge SHO Rahmat Ali said that activities inside the police station were going on as usual. He said that eight policemen, including additional SHO Ashok Kumar Thakur, Parmeshwar, Srikant Paswan and Krishnanand (all SIs) and a police constable Giriji, were present inside the police station. \"As it was raining heavily, water started leaking from the roof and soon after the ceiling caved in,\" he said and added that none of the cops were injured in the mishap as everybody had already came out sensing some mishap.Officer on duty Arun Kumar Singh said the mishap took place soon after rains stopped.He said that first of all, two bricks fell in. \"We thought that bricks fell due to usual running of mouse. But soon, I realized something suspicious and asked all my colleagues to vacate the police station. The moment we came out of the police station, the ceiling caved in,\" he said.Additional SHO Thakur said that as water started leaking, the electric wires cracked and the fans stopped. When asked how old this police station was, he said he had no idea but it might have been constructed during British period.A constable standing nearby said falling of two bricks was a warning from the God before the mishap.The entire police station barring two rooms looked like a heap of rubble. The false ceiling and all documents and files were also damaged. On getting information, City SP Jayant Kant reached the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134158", "title": "'Luging thrills me beyond imagination'", "text": "GURGAON: The fastest Indian on ice, Shiva Keshavan , was recently in the city and motivated children to take up winter sports, at iSkate, the ice skating rink and cafe located in Ambience Mall. Shiva is the first Indian to have participated in winter olympics in luge, a sport in which one or two persons use a small sled (luge) and slide face up and feet first.The 30-year-old, who has represented India in winter olympics since 1998, encouraged children to take up luge as a profession, as he had done. He represented India as the youngest ever luge olympian at the age of 16 and set a new Asian speed record at 134.3 kmph in Asia Cup 2011 at Nagano, Japan. His top speed of 149.9 Kmph (Vancouver Speed record) earned him the title of the 'Fastest Indian on Ice'.Born to an Italian mother and an Indian father who ran one of the oldest adventure travel agencies in the Himalayas by the name of 'Pan Man Travels', Shiva had always been interested in adventure sports. He grew up in Manali, Himachal Pradesh, the den of Indian winter sports and started skiing around the age of ten. He won his first junior nationals in skiing in 1995-1996. He has studied political science from the University of Florence and received a Master's degree in International relations from the same university.\"I was never really interested in luging but it all changed when I got the opportunity to go for a luge sports camp at the age of 15. When I gave the sport a try, I was thrilled beyond imagination by it. It was at this camp that ice skating champion Gunter Lemmerer thought that I had talent,\" said Shiva.\"I started to push my limits. My biggest encouragement came when I was asked to do the opening of the World Cup,\" he added. He was offered to represent Italy in 2002 but he opted for India as he wanted to \"represent Indians and do something worthwhile for the country\".\"Earlier, luge was more for fun and thrill, however, with time it became meditative,\" he said. As an attempt to reach out to people across the nation, Shiva and his wife, Namita Agarwal, travelled to villages and organised 'Grass Root Level Luge camp' in association with the Indian Amateur Luge Association. They trained them with the help of 'Entrepreneurs Organisation'\".Shiva says that back when he started luging, the resources might not have been there but he received help from a lot of unexpected places. Post 2008, when his world ranking improved drastically, he won silver and bronze medals at the Asian championship in the year 2009-10 and 2008-09, respectively. His personal best ranking till now has been 14th place at the Nations cup in Altenberg, January 2009.Shiva won gold at the Asia Cup in 2011 in Nagano, Japan, represented India in winter Olympics in the years 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010. He has been representing India on the international forum since 1997 in the sport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15134839", "title": "Lab-made jellyfish to fix heart illness", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have created an artificial jellyfish which they claim can be used to develop a new generation of biological pacemakers which do not need electrical signals.Researchers at the California Institute of Technology created the artificial jellyfish, called a medusoid, after studying the fast muscle contractions which propel the animals through the water.They put it in a tank of ocean-like salt water fitted with an electric current and managed to 'shock' it into synchronized movements like a real jellyfish.The creature is made from silicone and heart tissue from rats. Scientists said that, with more work, it could be engineered to pulsate by itself, as human hearts do.It could be used to create pacemakers that do not need electrical signals or even to engineer new organs after heart failure.Co-author Kevin Kit Parker , professor of Bioengineering and Applied Physics at Harvard, said he began the research because he thought scientists may have failed to understand how muscle pumping works.The study is published in Nature Biotechnology.\"I started looking at marine organisms that pump to survive. Then I saw a jellyfish at the New England Aquarium , and I immediately noted both similarities and differences between how the jellyfish and the human heart pump,\" he said.The medusoid, which has eight spindly arms, was built out of a jelly-like material, with the pattern of protein molecules in a real jellyfish printed on top of it.The researchers said this was a \"glimpse into the future of re-engineering whole organisms\" to advance medical technology. \"A big goal of our study was to advance tissue engineering,\" said lead author Janna Nawroth.\"We may also be able to engineer applications where these biological systems give us the opportunity to do things more efficiently, with less energy usage,\" said John Dabiri, a professor of aeronautics and bioengineering at Caltech. Pacemakers, which generally last between six and ten years, send electrical signals through the heart to stimulate it to contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "15135065", "title": "Sanjha Morcha to hold protest against power tariff hike on August 8", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Sanjha Morcha will be organizing a protest on August 8 at all district headquarters in Punjab to protest the hike in electricity tariff, shortage of electricity and additional levy on power in the state. This was decided at a meeting of the Sanjha Morcha held at Chandigarh.After the meeting, Manpreet Singh Badal stated that there was gross mismanagement in the power sector and this has led to a situation where people were being burdened with unreasonable tariff hike and levies. \"People are suffering under a near drought like situation, and it is the responsibility of the ruling SAD-BJP government to come to the aid of the people. However, the state government, which is directionless and rudderless, has instead imposed a heavy burden on people who are suffering from insufficient rains.\"The meeting, which was convened under the guidance of former chief minister and former governor Surjit Singh Barnala, and under the chairmanship of Manpreet Singh Badal, also witnessed participation from Charan Singh Virdi, Nirmal Singh Dhariwal and Raghunath Sahai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130675", "title": "'Sabah can stay in Adnan's flat'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday did not punish singer Adnan Sami for contempt of one of its earlier order as sought by his former wife Sabah Galadari but disposed her petition by directing her to seek execution of a June 2010 family court order that allowed her to stay at the matrimonial home in Lokhandwala. The family court order, said Sabah's lawyer Edith Dey, stated Sami could not get any relative or friend to his house and so, his wife, Roya Fariyabi, would have to leave the flat. Justice R V More told the family court to end the proceedings in three months.Sabah had moved the HC recently against Adnan seeking his imprisonment for civil contempt for disobeying the HC division bench order of December 22, 2010. She also wanted the HC to restrain Adnan, a Pakistani national, from barring her entry and occupation of the 13tha nd 14th floors of the Oberoi Sky Gardens, in Andheri (west) their matrimonial home which she claimed belongs to her. Sabah was represented by senior counsel Mahesh Jethmalani and Edith Dey said Adnan was deliberately disobeying the HC order and thereby the Family court order. She had pleaded that she was out of the house since February 2009 and was being prevented by Adnan from visiting and residing in the flat. Adnan's counsel Vibhav Krishna denied saying Sabah's main objection was to the presence of the new wife Roya.The judge told Sabah that her remedy was in enforcing the Family court order and disposed of her petition civil contempt petition by asking her to approach the Bandra court.Adnan's lawyer Krishna said the HC development was \"yet another victory for him\" while Sabah's lawyer Dey said the matter has merely shifted to the family court.After the family court order, a single judge of the Bombay HC had directed Sabah to choose to reside either at the 12th floor or her matrimonial apartment Ankita. A division bench had stayed the order of the single judge in December and hence Sabah's lawyer said it revived the family court order.The couples are engaged in acrimonious legal battle for divorce and the properties where Sabah, A UAE national has claimed right over all eight flats. Recently the HC had granted the couple a divorce but said that issues of domestic violence and property rights against Adnan could be pursued before the family court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15136064", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee set to take oath as the 13th President of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee will be sworn in as the country's 13th President today at a special ceremony in the Central Hall of Parliament.Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia will administer the oath to Mukherjee at 11:30 a.m. in the presence of Vice President Hamid Ansari , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Union Ministers, Governors, Chief Ministers and a host of dignitaries, a Home Ministry communique said.The function will begin with the arrival of President Pratibha Patil and President-elect Mukherjee in a ceremonial procession from the Rashtrapati Bhawan to the Parliament Building. They will be received by Kapadia, Ansari and Kumar and escorted to the Central Hall.After Mukherjee takes over, he will be given a 21-gun salute, address the gathering and then leave for the Rashtrapati Bhawan with Patil.Mukherjee will be given an inter-services guard of honour in the forecourt of the Presidential palace.He will then escort Patil to her temporary accommodation on Tughlak Lane where she will stay till her post-retirement home in Pune is ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134781", "title": "Can't return acquired land: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that government cannot give back acquired land to its owners. If at all it has to give up, then the land has to be auctioned, he said.He made the statement during a discussion on land leased to SEZ promoters. To a query whether the government would hand over the land given to SEZ to its owners as the SEZ policy has been withdrawn, industries minister said the question doesn't arise as the land was first acquired for expansion of the Verna industrial estate before the ( Congress) government leased it out for SEZs.Taking over from Naik, the chief minister said that the land cannot be handed over to the owners as government cannot give back land to the owners and if necessary, it has to be auctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135397", "title": "Saharanpur furniture exhibition in Bhabaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you have a taste for artistic furniture, the traditionally crafted Saharanpur Furniture is the right option for you. This year also the furniture-makers have set up shop at Luis road here. \"We have been coming to the city for the last six years. The response has been good as people here like good quality furniture,\"said Meherban Ahmed, the manager of the exhibition-cum-sale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127960", "title": "Bandh today in protest against Nagri land grab", "text": "RANCHI: The Nagri Chaura Bachao Sangharsh Samiti has called for a Jharkhand bandh on Wednesday against \"forceful\" acquisition of agricultural land for setting up of IIM, National University for Study and Research in Law and IIIT there. The movement has been supported by the CPM, Jharkhand Dishom Party (JDP), Jharkhand Janadhikar Manch (JJM), Jharkhand Mahanagar Sarna Prarthna Mahasabha, Adivashi Jan Parishad and others.On Tuesday evening, a delegation of Nagri villagers called upon Union home minister P Chidambaram in Delhi and submitted a memorandum to him on the alleged violations of central acts. They also apprised him about forceful acquisition of agricultural land at Nagri. The home minister assured to look into the matter as it was a' serious matter.\"Prabhakar Tirkey, a villager, told the home minister that the Jharkhand government had not taken the issue seriously and thus no solution to the land row had been found yet.JJM head Bandhu Tirkey said, \"Our activists will organize dharna at all district headquarters in the state. The bandh will be peaceful.\" There will be no violence on the streets. \"Political parties cutting across party lines have supported the Nagri villagers' cause. I hope people will support this strike,\" Tirkey added.Bhubneshwar Kewat, a left party leader, has also asked people to support the strike. The Footpath Dukandar Sangh of the city has also decided to keep the shops closed in support of the agitators. JDP chief and tribal leader Salkhan Murmu also said his workers would descend on the streets to seek support for the Nagri villagers.\"Nagri has become Nandigram. If the villagers lose the fight for the land, they would lose the fight of their identity,\" said Murmu.Dayamani Barla, an activist fighting against Nagri land acquisition, said the support for the land cause had been increasing ever since police used batons on the agitators. Barla, who has organized several street corner plays in the city, said, \"Students support of to the cause is overwhelming.\"Over 1,000 villagers from Nagri and adjoining Kanke locality took out a torch rally from the Morhabadi grounds to Albert Ekka Chowk. Led by Barla, the villagers staged a dharna at the city's main square. A group of students also took out a similar march from Purulia Road to Albert Ekka Chowk. Adivashi Mulvashi Chhatra Sangsthan took out a march from Lalpur chowk to Albert Ekka Chowk. Adivasi Jan Parishad took out a march from Jaipal Singh Stadium to Albert Ekka Chowk for the same cause.In the evening, a dharna was organized at Albert Ekka Chowk where a call was given to the people to support the bandh. The agitation has been going on for the past seven months.Despite tight presence of security personnel, the villagers have vowed to plant paddy seedlings inside the boundary walls erected to construct buildings of IIM and central law school and other institutions. \"If the villagers do not plant seedlings, what would they eat? They have no other option and they will plant seedlings,\" said Arun Pradhan, an activist. The recent rain has prompted the villagers to sow paddy seedlings on the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "maddur", "code": "15133691", "title": "Train molestation case: Culprits admit they did it", "text": "MADDUR: Akbar and Imran, the main culprits in the molestation bid,were picked up from Mandya station. They have confessed to their crime, police said. The passengers decided against pulling the chain to stop the train as they thought the miscreants would flee. \"We informed Mandya railway police of the incident and compartment number.Policemen waiting at Mandya station took the youths into custody,\" they said. Railway police said the two other youths were picked up at Pandavapura on suspicion of accompanying Akbar and Imran. Dr Sushma, who administered first aid to Kavya at the Maddur hospital, said the girl was in shock. The extent of injuries will be known only after taking x-rays and doing a scan, she said, adding that Kavya had suffered a backbone fracture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "sindri/garhwa", "code": "15127783", "title": "Over 500 saplings planted by National Service Scheme volunteers", "text": "SINDRI/GARHWA: With a view to inculcate a sense of respect towards trees among students and make tree plantation a habit, \" Van Mahotsav\" was organized with pomp and gaiety under the aegis of National Service Scheme (NSS) at BBM College Baliapur on Tuesday.Speakers said the beginning of the civilization started with cutting trees to make way for housing facility. But now the situation has reached to such an alarming state that felling of trees is making human life miserable and cutting of the last tree would also mean end of the civilization. More than 500 saplings of trees were planted on the occasion. Students of Kasturba Vidyalaya presented a cultural programme .In Garhwa, \"Van Mahotsav\" was organized at SSJSN College Garhwa on Tuesday under the National Service Scheme programme. Several saplings of trees have been planted by NSS volunteers on the premises . Professor in charge of the college Mahendra Ram said the main aim of the tree plantation was to bring awareness among the students and general people towards protection environment.\"The NSS volunteers reach nearby villages and teach the villagers how to lead a healthy life. They also teach them how to protect environment from pollution,\" Ram said.NSS programme officer Manoj Kumar Pathak said a number of programmes were organized by the NSS which inspire students for social service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130994", "title": "Two Ashok Chavan relatives summoned", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh judicial commission has summoned two relatives of former chief minister Ashok Chavan to appear as witnesses in the inquiry proceedings. His sister-in-law Seema Sharma and Madanlal Sharma, his father-in-law's brother, were allotted flats in Adarsh.It comes barely a week after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) described Chavan's role in the charge-sheet, where he is accused of taking decisions in the society's favour and his relatives being allotted the flats as quid pro quo. \"Investigations have revealed that Chavan had sought induction of civilian members for obtaining favours for close relatives, as his sister-in-law Seema Sharma had applied for society membership,\" the CBI said in its charge-sheet. \"Two more relatives of Chavan were made members and allotted flats subsequently as quid pro quo.\"The agency said that Adarsh had applied for exemption from the remaining 15% of the plot as a recreation ground and it was approved by Chavan. While the decision was pending, late Bhagvati Sharma, Chavan's mother-in-law and Madanlal applied for flats, which were subsequently allotted to them. The cost of the flat (Rs 70 lakh each) was paid by the son of Chavan's close associate Jayant Shah, according to the CBI. A part of the money was returned later. \"It has also been revealed that Madanlal was not entitled to become a member as he already had a flat in Andheri,\" said the charge-sheet.Chavan's counsel had objected to questions being put to the former CM on the issue of civilian members who were admitted to the society. Chavan had assured the commission that he would appear before the panel again to be cross-examined on the issue of membership.The commission has also summoned Babasaheb Kupekar alias Krishnarao Desai, former Maharashtra assembly speaker, as a witness in the case. Kupekar, who was allotted a flat in 2008, had in 2005 written to then CM Vilasrao Deshmukh recommending additional construction rights in the form of floor space index (FSI) for Adarsh. Kupekar, who had a flat in Powai, claimed that he had transferred it to his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15135205", "title": "Tourism ban trips poaching alarm in core tiger areas", "text": "KOLKATA: A bulk of poaching cases this year has been reported from buffer areas of tiger reserves across the country, leaving conservationists and forest officials to wonder about the effectiveness of the ban on tourism in the big cat's core habitats.Activists also pointed out that tourism provides additional protection as well as revenue to forests and poachers would have a field day if the core areas are no longer under constant watch. Officials also feared a large number of forest guards would be out of job as a result of the ban.Of the 18 tiger poaching cases this year, eight have been reported from the buffer or territorial zones. An official of the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) said all recent poaching cases were in its buffer zones. \"A tiger was found dead in a metal trap at Padampur in April, a place close to Palasgaon buffer area of TATR. Similarly, the Borda case in which the body of a tiger was found cut into 10 pieces was also in the buffer area,\" the official said.Madhya Pradesh chief wildlife warden H S Pabla said tourists are the additional eyes of the forests. \"In 2011, the state received a whopping Rs 16 crore as entry fee from different national parks, which is almost equivalent to funds sanctioned by the Centre for forest protection. And these funds were utilized to pay salaries to the staff engaged in forest protection. Banning tourism means we will be left with no other option but to sack them from their jobs, as we won't have funds to pay their salaries. Eventually, we will leave the forests at the mercy of the poachers,\" Pabla said, adding that 500 forest guards camp inside Kanha alone every day for patrolling.He said tiger body parts were seized in south Balaghat division, a territorial area of Kanha National Park, earlier this year, the only such case in MP in 2012. \"Better protection measures are needed in buffer zones since most poaching cases are reported there. But for that, we need enough central funds for rural infrastructure planning, as buffers also have villages,\" Pabla said.Uttarakhand's Kotabagh, from where the year's first case of tiger body parts seizure was reported, also happens to be an adjoining territorial division of Corbett Tiger Reserve. Wildlife biologist Dharmendra Khandal, who has been working in Ranthambore for years, said there is virtually no buffer zone in the park. \"All possible tiger areas have been converted into critical habitats. If we have to follow the court verdict, there is no scope of tourism here,\" he said, adding tourism in Ranthambore provides livelihood to at least 5,000 families around the park. \"If we withdraw tourism from the core areas, the villagers will start depending on the forests again, which might lead to a spurt in poaching activities,\" Khandal said.Echoing his view, Wildlife Protection Society of India's programme coordinator Tito Joseph said it was high time the government decided whether it wants poachers or tourists inside the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132934", "title": "Cops to slap stringent act on criminals", "text": "NASHIK: The zone two of the police commissionerate has begun the procedure of slapping the stringent Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA) Act on three criminals.The move comes on the backdrop of the onset of festive period during which people with criminal background could indulge in activities of body and property offenses that could pose law and order problems in the city.DCP DS Swami of Zone II said, \"Our endeavour will be to ensure that the proceeding is over before the Ganesh festival. The proceeding has already begun and the files of the criminals will move from different offices for verification to reach the police commissioner for his final approval.\"Senior police officials said that in a bid to ensure peace and harmony and maintain law and order in the city, the police have to take strict action against seasoned criminals from time to time. They added that despite continuous operations against criminals, some elements continue to strike fear in the hearts of common people.However citizens are reluctant to approach the police and lodge complaints against such criminals. Under the MPDA Act, criminals are simply detained and sent to jail for a year .About three months back Chetan Waghmare from the Nashik Road area and Pranav Borse of Ambad from the Wavare Nagar, Kamathwade Shivar were detained and sent to Central Jail cunder this act.The police also said that when severe action is taken against such criminals and they are put behind bars, the crime rate also comes down since petty hoodlums also take cue from such actions of the police.According to reports, Zone 1 of the commissionerate has also zeroed in on criminals who would face detention of a year in the Central Jail under this act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15128846", "title": "Inadequate rains likely to affect kharif crops in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The kharif crops in 224 out of the 358 tehsils in the state may be lost because of the inadequate rainfall during the monsoon. The shortfall has not only posed a serious threat to crops but also forced farmers to undertake a second round of sowing, said a senior official from the state agriculture commissionerate.Cereals cultivated in western Maharashtra and parts of Marathwada are the most affected as there has been insufficient rainfall in these regions. The farmers will have to join the 'fodder development programme' or undertake another round of sowing, hoping for good rain in the remaining season, the official said.Maharashtra receives monsoon rains from June to September. Sometimes, a few spells are recorded in the first half of October also. But, this year the monsoon was delayed and there was also a break in the rains. Many regions have not received their normal rainfall yet. According to the sowing report released by the state government, instead of the normal 511.7 mm rainfall till July 23, the state has received only 406.9 mm rainfall (ie. 79.5%).The Pune division, which has received just 25 to 50% of its normal rainfall, has registered the lowest rainfall figures in the state. The inadequate rains have resulted in less than normal sowing in many parts of the state. Out of the 7.52 lakh hectare agricultural land in Pune, Solapur and Ahmednagar districts, sowing has been completed only in 3.71 lakh hectare, ie, in 49% of the normal sowing area. Meanwhile, the Aurangabad division has completed 102% sowing - instead of the usual 15.93 lakh hectare, sowing has been done on 16.31 lakh hectare this time.The total area under foodgrain cultivation in the state is 1.32 crore hectare, while sowing has been completed on 1.1 crore hectare (83%). This year, the government has decided to bring 1.42 crore hectare under sowing, but the inadequate rainfall may affect the target.Among the kharif crops, rice is cultivated in the Konkan region and in the Gadchiroli district of Vidarbha region where there is adequate rainfall usually. Sweet sorghum, pulses like red gram, green gram and black gram, groundnut and sunflower are cultivated in western Maharashtra, Marathwada and Vidarbha.State agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said, \"An advisory to undertake fodder development programme has been circulated among the farmers as crops like sweet sorghum (jowar) and maize require less water. It will provide foodgrain as well as fodder for livestock.\"The Union government has released Rs 50 crore for the fodder development programme under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, Dangat said. \"A farmer will get financial assistance of Rs 3,200 per hectare, which will be 50% of his expenditure on fodder development, Dangat said.The erratic rainfall has forced the government to shift focus from its usual campaign for higher production. It now wants to ensure fodder for the winter and summer seasons, when there will be no rainfall, Dangat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15134651", "title": "7 of a family get life sentence in Hosur murder case", "text": "BELGAUM: The fast track court of Savadatti, on Monday, sentenced seven persons, including three women of a family, to life imprisonment for a murder that took place in Hosur village in 2010. Basavaraj Hiremath, 58, Basalingayya Hiremath, 62, Mahantesh Hiremath,27, Chandrayya Hiremath,35, Mahadevi Hiremath,50, Shekhavva Hiremath,55 and Savita Hiremath,22, all from Hosur village, are the guilty.All the seven murdered Mallappa Kasheppa Mallikeri, 35, of the same village over a land border dispute and attack those who came to the victim's rescue. A case was registered at Murgod police station. The court also fined the guilty Rs 30,000 each.CPI M S Naikar filed the chargesheet after investigating under the guidance of DySP S B Patil. Public prosecutor S S Lokure fought the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129216", "title": "Student kidnapping: Police record abduction victim's statement again", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police are still mystified by the alleged abduction and robbery of College of Engineering Pune (COEP) student Nikhil Gatagat.The 20-year-old was abducted by four men near his hostel in Deccan Gymkhana on July 8. The men robbed him, drove him to Vashi in a car and threw him into the creek from the old Mankhurd-Vashi bridge. Nikhil was rescued by fishermen, who took him to the Vashi police station.The case was later transferred to the Deccan Gymkhana police station for investigation. The police recorded Nikhil's statement, in which he told them that on the morning of July 8, he had come to Pune from Latur. At Swargate depot he had hired a rickshaw which already had one passenger in it. When the rickshaw approached his hostel, his co-passenger took out a knife and threatened to kill him if he raised the alarm. He then held a handkerchief to Nikhil's nose and Nikhil fell unconscious.As per the statement, when Nikhil regained consciousness, it was around 7 pm and he was in a car being driven by the rickshaw driver. The rickshaw driver's accomplice and two other people were sitting near Nikhil. The car was driven to the old bridge in Vashi and Nikhil was thrown in the creek. Two fishermen rescued him.Nikhil was injured in the ribs and suffered trauma after the incident. On the request of his parents, the police allowed him to return to Latur for some days after the incident. In the meantime, the police released sketches of the three suspects and questioned several rickshaw drivers in the city.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police stationtold TOI that on Monday the police again recorded Nikhil's statement, after he returned to Pune. \"He gave the same statement, but there are still many unanswered questions,\" Joshi said, adding, \"We are reinvestigating the case.\"Joshi said that after the incident Nikhil developed a prolapsed disc (slipped disc). He was unable to sit for a long time. \"We are questioning him and trying to get the exact sequence of events,\" Joshi said.Crime branch officials have also started a parallel probe into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15131195", "title": "Students learn about education avenues in US", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A four-member joint team from US Embassy's Consular Section and Public Affairs Section and Education USA at the US-India Educational Foundation (USIEF) visited the Indian Institute of Information Technology here on Tuesday and briefed the students about the opportunities for higher education in US.Visa advisor at US Embassy, Monica L Shie, said education facilitates people-to-people exchanges between India and the US and added that more than 100,000 Indians are currently study in the United States. She said Education USA is a global network of more than 400 advising centres supported by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs at the US Department of State.The Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (ECA) promotes mutual understanding between the US and other countries through personal and professional ties between private citizens in the US and abroad, as well as by presenting US history, society, art and culture in all of its diversity to overseas audiences. US and foreign students alike can prepare for leadership roles in today's world through an international education.IIIT-A director MD Tiwari said it was a rare opportunity for IIIT-A students to get first hand knowledge about different procedures for pursuing higher studies in US. He said every year, more than 100 students from IIIT-A go to US for higher studies or jobs.Paul A Loh from US Embassy said their country provides a wealth of educational opportunities in every field of study. He highlighted educational opportunities in the United States and guided interested students through the process of choosing an educational programme and the process of applying for a visa to the United States.US education advisor Syed Khalid Jamal said USIEF's, Education USA Advising Services (EAS) provide accurate, comprehensive, current, reliable, unbiased and up-to-date information to students who are interested in pursuing higher education in the US. \"We do not endorse or rank any college or university but guide students in the areas of test preparation, placement, language training, and visa procurement. We hold specialised seminars and workshops on application procedures and strategies, education fairs and pre-departure orientation programmes all year round,\" he said. USIEF advisory centres are located at New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Mumbai.The delegation later visited the Allahabad University and interacted with the teachers and students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133376", "title": "Exclusive park for grandmas, grandpas", "text": "KOLKATA: The City of Joy will very soon get its first senior citizens' park, which is likely to be christened Dida-Dadu Uddyan.The park is being planned at Rajarhat New Town where space can be carved out for the grannies and grandpas of Kolkata. Interestingly, the name has Dida (grandma) first instead of Dadu (grandfather), which is apparently a deliberate attempt to send across a gender empowerment message - even among the old and infirm.New Town has been chosen for the project so that it can also cater to the nearby Salt Lake , a neighbourhood with a big population of senior citizens. Hidco chairman and state urban development secretary Debashis Sen started working on the proposal ever since he visited Bangkok . The city has a similar space that's meant exclusively for the elderly. There are lush green lawns with not a leaf out of place. Each tree that stands there has been planted by someone in memory of a loved one, in many cases, a grandfather or a grandmother.\"The concrete jungle called Kolkata has several children's parks. Now we want a ground for Didas and Dadus. Instead of jungle gyms and football fields, our elderly folks can play on checker and chess boards while basking in the peace and serenity of the grounds,\" the urban development secretary told TOI.\"They could also use low-impact exercise equipment, go on an outdoor yoga class, seek tranquility in an open meditation centre or just read in the quiet. The ambience is being planned with care - in tandem with the horticulture department. Among the must-plants are neem, mango, teak, and bougainvillea trees and flower beds (to add splashes of colour). There will be a vast tree cover to protect the grandmas and grandpas from the pollution of vehicles and the sun,\" said Hidco's chief planner Prasanto Bhattacharya.But most of the planning will go into walking and seating arrangements. Walking is the best exercise for senior citizens. To help the elderly get out of crowded localities full of rickshaws, buses and speeding private vehicles, a special walking track will be created where walkers and wheelchairs can be used. The walking track would be linked to a ramp from the pavement to wheel a person in.A jogging track for the elderly citizens with benches here and there for them to rest in between will be built in consultation with orthopaedic consultants. \"The height of the benches must be appropriate. Also, the meditation corners will have special seats, assuming that most of them might have problems sitting on the ground,\" said Sen.There will be amphitheatres, laughing clubs and the park will remain open daily both in the mornings and evenings. The timings are from 5 am to 9 am and 4 pm to 8 pm.The Hidco chairman has e-mailed the Nana-Nani Park Society in Maharashtra for special inputs. After all, the concept of Nana-Nani Park was first introduced in Girgaon Chowpatty in Mumbai in 1998. This beautiful garden is a home within a home for senior citizens - a place where they make friends and share their joys and sorrows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133911", "title": "Naresh Chandra panel recommends military preparedness to deal with 'assertive\u2019 China", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has to be prepared militarily to deal with an \"assertive\" China even as it seeks to build bridges of cooperation with Beijing, the Naresh Chandra Task Force on national security has recommended.The committee's suggestions for the military \u2014 details of which have been accessed by TOI \u2014 also buries the proposal for a Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), the single point military adviser to the government. Instead, it has recommended that a permanent Chairman Chiefs Of Staff Committee be appointed from among the three service chiefs, allowing India to have four four-star generals.The panel has given a set of recommendations for reforming the national security architecture, covering both intelligence and military apparatus, as part of its mandate to review it.It has recommended a re-look at the process of blacklisting truant defence firms, separating the post of DRDO chief and scientific advisor to the defence minister, appointing military officers upto the rank of joint secretary in the ministry of defence (MoD), creating new Special Forces Command etc.The recommendations of the panel are being studied by individual services and agencies that would be affected by the changes. Their responses are expected to be with the government over the next few weeks.While conceding that there has been improvement in Sino-Indian relations in recent years, the report has conceded that it is \"still clouded in mistrust\". The committee, headed by the former cabinet secretary, says, \"There is concern about China's policy of \"containment\" of India, marked by growing Chinese interest in countries of South Asia. China will continue to utilize Pakistan as part of its grand strategy for containing India in a \"South Asian box\".\"\"China's growing assertiveness on the border and in its territorial claims on Arunachal Pradesh has intensified misgivings,\" the committee says. \"The crucial concern is whether China will become militarily more assertive and nationalistic as its economic and military power grows, or whether it will abide by the policies advocated by Deng Xiao Ping ,\" the report says.More importantly, across Asia there is concern that as Beijing grows \"the United states will become more circumspect and accommodating in dealing with China,\" the panel says.The committee has recommended that the government take an immediate decision on the existing recommendation that the Army be given management of Sino-Indian borders, and retain operational control over forces deployed in the areas.On Pakistan, the committee suggests that it \"remains both unable and unwilling to set its house in order, or put in place economic policies that can increase or sustain growth\". And there is \"nothing to suggest that the Pakistani military has given up the use of radical Islamic groups to promote terrorism in both India and Afghanistan.\" But its biggest concern is Pakistan's ambition to use Afghanistan for strategic depth. The panel has recommended that India \"should spare no effort, politically, diplomatically, economically and through military assistance to ensure that Pakistani efforts to convert Afghanistan into an extremist run, pliant and client state are frustrated\".Calling for better coordination between the ministries of defence and foreign affairs, the panel recommends that the MoD set up a bureau of politico-military affairs. \"The primary role of this Bureau would be liaison with the ministry of external affairs (MEA) on issues and actions having foreign policy applications,\" the committee says.It has recommended that MEA affairs also consider accepting officials from civil services and armed forces on short duration (five years) deputations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134784", "title": "Pratapsingh Rane: If allegation is proved, I'll quit", "text": "PORVORIM: Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said that he would step down if the allegations against him in the SEZ issue are proved.Speaking on the demands, Rane said, \"An MLA has demanded an investigation in the SEZ issue. If the government is able to prove it, I will step down.\" He also said that in his 40-year political career, nobody has raised a finger at him and it is obvious that these type of allegations take place in politics, but one needs to consider what extent it has to be taken to.On civil supply demands, Rane said that the government has reduced the budget by 13% from 77 crore to 67 crore. He added that since the government has decided to provide tur dal, watana, jaggery and pulses through the PDS system when the country is likely to face a drought, it should tell us how they are going to manage.He also said that the government should shed some light on how they will provide fair price shops to unemployed youth under the chief minister Rojghar Yojana.Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane, pointing out that the government has reduced the budget for the Tillari irrigation project, said that the water resources department should provide funds as this project is important to the people of Bicholim and Bardez. He added that the country is headed for a drought and demanded that a procurement system be put in place to avoid food grain shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133947", "title": "UT, MC lock horns over fire safety norms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration and municipal corporation have locked horns over the issue of fire safety norms in the upcoming TDI Mall, which is coming up in place of Jagat Cinema in Sector 17. The fire wing of the MC insists that there is gross violation of norms, but UT architecture department has rejected the objections on the ground that it is as per Corbusier's concept.Following this, the civic body has now again raised an objection that Corbusier's concept is only for old buildings and refused to give no objection certificate (NOC) to the mall authorities and now the matter has reached at the court of UT home secretary.In a detailed letter to UT's chief architect, additional municipal commissioner has written that architectural frame control conditions are applicable to old buildings only. The mall has been constructed after demolishing the old one. Therefore, the norms/rules presently applicable that is of the National Building Code of India 2005 for the issuance of NOC are not to be adhered to strictly.It further revealed that the prime violation is that there is no motorable road for movement of fire vehicles around the building as per the National Building Code of India 2005.\"The case of NOC can't be considered at the stage until and unless 6m motorable road for fire vehicle is provided or clarification from the chief architect UT is received\", the letter reads.Confirming the issue of violation and letter issue not to give NOC, additional municipal commissioner Lalit Siwach said, \"We have not given NOC due to non-compliance of mandatory guidelines under the National Building Code of India 2005. We can't compromise with the safety of citizens under the guise of Le Corbusier's frame control, as the safety of the people is of utmost importance.\"When asked, UT home secretary Anil Kumar said, \"The matter has come to me now as the party has filed an appeal against the order of non-issuing of no objection certificate. I have yet to go through the entire issue only then will I be in position to comment on it.\"This project of TDI Mall in Sector 17 has been in the controversy since the beginning due to either alleged access FAR -floor area ration- or fire clearance etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138363", "title": "Acceptance speech by Pranab Mukherjee on his assumption of office as President of India", "text": "Smt Pratibha Devisingh Patil , Shri Hamid Ansari , Smt. Meira Kumar , Shri Justice S.H. Kapadia,Members of Parliament, Your Excellencies, Friends and fellow citizens, I am deeply moved by the high honour you have accorded to me. Such honour exalts the occupant of this office, even as it demands that he rises above personal or partisan interests in the service of the national good.The principal responsibility of this office is to function as the guardian of our Constitution. I will strive, as I said on oath, to preserve, protect and defend our Constitution not just in word but also in spirit. We are all, across the divide of party and region, partners at the altar of our motherland. Our federal Constitution embodies the idea of modern India: it defines not only India but also modernity. A modern nation is built on some basic fundamentals: democracy, or equal rights for every citizen; secularism, or equal freedom to every faith; equality of every region and language; gender equality and, perhaps most important of all, economic equity. For our development to be real the poorest of our land must feel that they are part of the narrative of rising India.I have seen vast, perhaps unbelievable, changes during the journey that has brought me from the flicker of a lamp in a small Bengal village to the chandeliers of Delhi. I was a boy when Bengal was savaged by a famine that killed millions; the misery and sorrow is still not lost on me. We have achieved much in the field of agriculture, industry and social infrastructure; but that is 2 nothing compared to what India, led by the coming generations, will create in the decades ahead.Our national mission must continue to be what it was when the generation of Mahatma Gandhi , Jawaharlal Nehru , Sardar Patel, Rajendra Prasad , Ambedkar and Maulana Azad offered us a tryst with destiny: to eliminate the curse of poverty, and create such opportunities for the young that they can take our India forward by quantum leaps. There is no humiliation more abusive than hunger. Trickle-down theories do not address the legitimate aspirations of the poor. We must lift those at the bottom so that poverty is erased from the dictionary of modern India.What has brought us thus far, will take us further ahead. India's true story is the partnership of the people. Our wealth has been created by farmers and workers, industrialists and service-providers, soldiers and civilians. Our social harmony is the sublime co-existence of temple, mosque, church, gurudwara and synagogue; they are symbols of our unity in diversity.Peace is the first ingredient of prosperity. History has often been written in the red of blood; but development and progress are the luminous rewards of a peace dividend, not a war trophy. The two halves of the 20th Century tell their own story. Europe, and indeed the world, reinvented itself after the end of the Second World War and the collapse of colonization, leading to the rise of great institutions like the United Nations . Leaders who ordered great armies into the field, and then understood that war was more barbarism than glory, transformed the world by changing its mindset. Gandhiji taught by example, and gave us the supreme strength of non-violence. India's philosophy is not an abstract in textbooks. It flourishes in the day-to-day life of our people, who value the humane above all else. Violence is external to our nature; when, as human beings, we do err, we exorcise our sins with penitence and accountability.3 But the visible rewards of peace have also obscured the fact that the age of war is not over. We are in the midst of a fourth world war; the third was the Cold War, but it was very warm in Asia, Africa and Latin America till it ended in the early 1990s. The war against terrorism is the fourth; and it is a world war because it can raise its evil head anywhere in the world. India has been on the frontlines of this war long before many other recognized its vicious depth or poisonous consequences. I am proud of the valour and conviction and steely determination of our Armed Forces as they have fought this menace on our borders; of our brave police forces as they have met the enemy within; and of our people, who have defeated the terrorist trap by remaining calm in the face of extraordinary provocation. The people of India have been a beacon of maturity through the trauma of whiplash wounds. Those who instigate violence and perpetuate hatred need to understand one truth. Few minutes of peace will achieve far more than many years of war. India is content with itself, and driven by the will to sit on the high table of prosperity. It will not be deflected in its mission by noxious practitioners of terror.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134143", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation headless for 50 days", "text": "NAGPUR: The second capital of the state is obviously not a preferred destination of posting for the IAS officers. This became clear once again even as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation remained headless for 50 days now. Two years ago the post of divisional commissioner remained vacant for a long time before a suitable officer was found to take up the responsibility of the division.Immediately after he presented the civic budget, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal was shunted to Aurangabad in May. Since then district collector Saurabh Rao has been holding the additional charge. A city-based non-government organization, Jan Aakrosh, on Tuesday wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, expressing concern over the government's lax attitude in finding an officer to head the civic body.In an e-mail sent to Chavan, Jan Aakrosh secretary Ravindra Kashkhedikar said that several decisions crucial to the functioning of the NMC have been left pending as the government has failed to appoint its administrative head. \"Normally an IAS is transferred only after finding a replacement. But in this case even 50 days after Jaiswal's transfer, the state has not been able to find an officer to take up the responsibility. This speaks volumes about poor administration in the state,\" said Kashkhedikar in his missive to the CM.He reminded Chavan that when BJP president Nitin Gadkari and some MLAs from Nagpur had met him in this regard, he had given an assurance that a suitable officer would be appointed without further delay. But even 20 days later the promise has not been kept. Jan Aakrosh has urged Chavan to intervene in the matter and issue instructions for urgent appointment of the municipal commissioner so as to ensure that NMC is back on the track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130875", "title": "Cushioned seats in 2nd class local from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The wait for trains with cushion seats in second class compartments of suburban trains is finally over. Central Railway has decided to introduce the rake with this facility, promising comfortable ride to lakhs of passengers from Wednesday.The cushion seats have been provided in the white and purple coloured EMU rakes by an in-house team of Matunga workship. Initially, the CR was toying with the idea of introducing this service at the hands of railway minister Mukul Roy or chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.A senior CR official said, \"The move to introduce this service from Wednesday is because of the shortage of one rake that was involved with the accident at Kasara. The shortage of rake could have forced the CR to cancel the service, which we felt was not justified.\"Explaining the difference in the first class and second class cushion seats in this rake, the official said that while the former has seats with four-inch density, the latter will have two-inch density.The cushion has been made of rubberized coir material, which are fire retardant. The seat cover is made of artificial leather similar to ones used in the first class compartment. Coir is tough, durable and can spring back to shape even after constant use. Coir is cheaper compared to rubber foam or polyurethane material, which is being used for making cushion seats in first class compartments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15129910", "title": "Burglars strike at KPHB colony, steal valuables worth Rs 7 lakh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars broke into three flats at an apartment complex in KPHB Colony and escaped with Rs seven lakh worth valuables on Tuesday. The incident took place in Mahita apartment in Bhagyanagar Colony of KPHB. Burglars gained entry into the three flats breaking the main door lock in the Tuesdaymorning.One of the three flats belongs to K Narayanamurthi, a private factory worker. His wife Ramadevi locked the house at around 9.30am and went to a nearby temple. She returned at 11 am only to find the maindoor lock broken and the iron safe inside the bedroom open. \"The thieves stole 17 tolas of gold, 1.5 kg silver and Rs 5,000 in cash from the iron safe,\" KPHB inspector G Baswa Reddy said.The burglars gained entry into two other flats in the same apartment complex but no property loss was reported from there. The KPHB police called CLUES team to collect fingerprints from the spot and registered a burglary case under Section 454/380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131844", "title": "Trip to hell and back", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Sameer (name changed) walked into Naya Jeevan, a de-addiction center near St Xavier's School, Mirzapur, a year ago, he was a wreck. By the age of 18, he had done liquor, charas, ganja and finally brown sugar. A resident of Shahibaug, he said bad company ruined his life.\"It was a group of kids with spare money for luxuries such as ganja and liquor. I was initially skeptical, but after the first divine experience, I was addicted to drugs which took me away from my anxieties and pain,\" he said. Sameer was jolted out of his reverie when he was caught stealing an ornament of his mother's and packed off for de-addiction. Everybody, however, is not as lucky as him. Experts say only one teen in thousand approaches de-addiction centres. These teens expose the underbelly of the city where apart from traditional drugs like cannabis, hard drugs like heroin, and chemical drugs like ketamine, ephedrine and ecstasy are easily available. Dr Vishwamohan Thakur, who runs a deaddiction centre in the city, was approached by an IPS officer earlier this year with his teenage son. The teen was hooked on cannabis and alcohol. \"Drug abuse in teens and young Amdavadis has increased manifold. In many popular schools, exposure to drugs among students is nothing less than 70 per cent,\" said Dr Thakur. It is not just boys who are falling prey to the contraband. Psychiatrists and doctors are also getting cases of teenage girls, high on party drugs such as ecstasy.Getting high was never so easy\"There are several places in the city where drugs can be easily scored. One may need a reference to get party drugs like ecstasy or LSD, but for the rest, there are up umpteen options,\" said a college student. School students said that many of their seniors who are into drugs help them procure the contraband in the early days. One of the reasons for city cops to raid various hookah bars in the city was information that some also worked as joints to procure drugs and use them with friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133876", "title": "\u2018Monsoon maladies\u2019 are not hard to fight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Monsoon is a welcome relief after a dry spell, but it also brings with it a set of ailments. Cough, cold, flu and water-born diseases such as cholera, gastroenteritis are the frequently observed health problems during rainy days. Thus, it becomes essential to pay extra care and attention to your health and eating habits during monsoons as your body and digestive system is susceptible to infections. A little care can keep monsoon troubles at bay.Gastroenteritis is the most common disease in monsoon season, it is caused by unhealthy eating habits or eating contaminated food. It can also cause dehydration. One should be very careful about eating habits in this season. \"This disease is self limiting, but in some cases it can lead to dehydration and kidney stops functioning especially in this season,\" said Himanshu Mishra, a doctor from Phase XI, Mohali.\"Acute viral respiratory illnesses such as common cold, pharyngitis, bronchitis and pneumonia are among the most common illnesses at the onset of monsoon. Water-borne diseases such as acute infectious inflammatory colitis due to salmonellosis, shigellosis, and cholera are frequently seen in travellers, so acute viral hepatitis presenting with jaundice. Parasitic infections like malaria and dengue fever are rampant. Recurrent P vivax malaria with low platelet level in the blood requiring frequent hospitalization despite adequate therapeutic and prophylactic treatment is a growing concern,\" said Dr Rajesh Dhir, ENT specialist at Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16.Regular intake of spices, herbs and other kitchen paraphernalia can be so useful to handle the common monsoon ailments. These simple home remedies give you a natural relief and save you and your family from spending money on unnecessary bills and medication,\" said Dr Nandini Mehta, a Chandigarh based health specialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132529", "title": "Spanish firm\u2019s bid for TSR system was forged, Bhanot tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spanish firm MSL was not given the contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system despite low prices because it had submitted \"forged\" documents, former CWG Organizing Committee secretary general Lalit Bhanot, an accused in the CWG-related corruption case, told a trial court on Tuesday.Opposing the framing of charges against Bhanot in the case, senior advocate Ramesh Gupta claimed the investigating officer (IO) of the case was \"biased\" against his client. \"The bid of MSL was a manipulated document and it was the IO's duty to minutely go through and investigate it,\" he argued.The CBI had said in its charge-sheet that sacked CWG OC chairman Suresh Kalmadi , a key accused in the case, and his associates had decided to award the contract to Swiss Timing Omega even before the tender was floated and the terms were changed after its issuance to help the firm win it.It had added that Kalmadi and his associates rejected Spanish firm MSL's much lower bid of Rs 62 crore and awarded the contract to Swiss Timing Omega, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer. Swiss Timing's bid was accepted despite a 2:2 split in the evaluation committee, the CBI investigation had revealed.Bhanot's counsel Gupta also opposed framing of charges against his client arguing that he was not involved in the bidding process. Gupta argued that as per the norms for making the bid, no column of the bid application should have been left blank, while MSL's form was incomplete with many of its columns blank and it could not have been accepted.The counsel said if it was an \"honest mistake\" on the part of the IO, who failed to probe the issue properly, he could be spared but \"if it was deliberate, the court must take action against him\".Kalmadi, Bhanot and nine others have been charge-sheeted by CBI under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding contract to install the TSR system for the 2010 CWG to Swiss Timing, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15131279", "title": "Waterlogging problems spillover as rain comes pouring in", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Most of the areas in the city were submerged following heavy downpour on Tuesday. People of the city had to encounter various problems on account of rain as streets were heavily waterlogged. Traffic movement too was affected in several areas. The extensive waterlogging once again exposed Allahabad Municipal Corporation claims on undertaking cleaning of the drains.The problem was grave in the low lying areas and old city where drains usually remains clogged. In addition, there were several areas in the city which also witnessed extensive water logging as there is complete absence of proper drainage system.The areas which faced the problem of waterlogging included Rani Mandi , Attarsuiya , Lukerganj, Atala, Mohtashimgunj, Clock Tower, Nakhas Kohna, Ahmadgunj, Dara Shah Ajmal, Subzi Mandi, , Allahpur, George Town, Tagore Town, Attarsuiya, Chowk, Bahadurgunj, Kotha Parcha, Muthigunj, Sabzi Mandi, Batsha Mandi and Nakhas Kohna. People blamed the Allahabad Municipal Corporation for failing to solve the waterlogging problem.The problem in the low lying areas of Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi, Salori, Rajapur and other areas was also grim. Water entered many houses in the low lying areas of Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi and Salori. As the underground drain in the Baghambari Gaddi was clogged, water spilled on the roads and entered houses. Local corporator Shiv Sewak Singh said water also accumulated in the areas of Matiyara Road, Sanjay Nagar Malin Basti and FCI godown.It became almost difficult to move on the roads which have been dug up for laying of sanitary pipelines under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM). Many vehicles got stuck on these roads.In the old city areas, problem of waterlogging accentuated in the Dara Shah Ajmal locality where water entered in many houses of the area. This area faces this problem as it is located on a lower topography compared to the surrounding localities. The non-cleaning of the drains also added to the people woes. Water from the clogged drains gushed and caused extensive water logging in the area. Allahabad Municipal Corporation, however, has made no arrangements for the drainage of water from this locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135237", "title": "Passports hit cop verification hurdle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though police verification of passport applications should ideally be completed in three weeks, the process is taking months together, leading to huge backlog in police stations across the state.The twin city commissionerate police system, which went hi-tech over the months, is not bereft of the snail-paced police verification procedure with maximum pendency found in Bhubaneswar alone. Sources said the state capital has around 2,700 pending cases out of nearly 7,300 undecided ones pending in different police stations of Odisha till a fortnight ago. Sources said a few files are due for police verification since 2011.\"All pendency relating to police verification was cleared till 2010. The 7300-odd cases are pending between 2011 and June 2012. We are regularly requesting the district police concerned to expedite the verification process,\" regional passport officer Padma Mahanti told TOI.\"Though there is no stipulated time period for completion of police verification process, the police should usually take 21 days to one month time for the work. Delay in police clearance is resulting in delay in issuance of passports,\" Mahanti said.As per procedure, all passport applications are sent to the office of SPs and DCPs, which later segregate and dispatch the applications to police stations concerned for verification. After completion of the verification, the police stations return the applications to SP and DCP offices, which forward it to the regional passport office. It eats away a whole lot of time.The problem does not end there. Applicants often encountered shocking bloomer when their applications landed in police stations under whose jurisdiction they never lived. \"Though I reside in Saheed Nagar, my application reached Nayapally police station for verification. After a long wait, when I did not receive any call from Saheed Nagar police station, I inquired and learnt that it wrongly landed in Nayapally police station,\" Dilip Mohanty, an applicant said. \"The applications returned to DCP office which again sent it to the Saheed Nagar police,\" Mohanty said. nn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134405", "title": "Revised pay a distant dream for engineering faculty", "text": "JAIPUR: Private engineering colleges affiliated to the Rajasthan Technical University have termed the fee hike in technical education by the state government as \"insufficient\" to pay salaries for the faculty members according to the revised pay scales. The state technical education department-appointed fee committee has increased fees in engineering colleges by Rs 5,000 each semester effective from the current session. The committee has said that fees have increased on account of the revised pay scales.With the new fee stricture in place, these private engineering colleges have provisional (uniform) flat fees of Rs 60,000 while management colleges have Rs 47,000 irrespective of the difference in facilities offered by each college. These colleges are finding it difficult to meet the needs even after the hike. They explained that the provisional fee is inadequate for colleges which are producing good results and placements.The Association of Private Engineering Colleges has proposed a hike from the existing Rs 60,000 to Rs 70,000 per annum citing growing expenses on account of revised pay scales, maintaining huge campuses, introducing new subjects and imparting quality education.\"At least Rs 70,000 fee is required to meet the requirements - sixth pay commission, maintenance of laboratories, annual increments and further developments,\" said Shashikant Singhi, director of Poornima Group of Colleges, adding, \"It has created a negative environment wherein a good college shies away from making extra efforts for students.\"In fact, RTU has received many complaints of irregularities in salaries. In many colleges, B Tech students have been recruited on assistant professor posts against the AICTE norm which mandates M Tech degree for the job.RTU has 154 colleges with around 5,000 faculty members. Data from RTI and other sources revealed that 70% of the faculty is underpaid. They are getting salaries in tune with pay scales which came into effect in 1996.According to AICTE pay norms, the pay band for assistant professor is Rs 15,600-Rs 39,100 by many of the private collages are paying Rs 8,000-Rs 20,000. For associate professor, the norm is Rs 37,400-Rs 67,000 but the private colleges pay Rs 16,000-Rs 45,000 and for professor the band is Rs 37,400-67,000 but they received Rs 30,000-Rs 60,000 in these colleges.These colleges say the financial constraint is forcing them to recruit poor-quality faculty. They are even hesitant in introducing new courses like aeronautical, petroleum and textile engineering branches which are not a feasible option in the current fee structure, authorities of these colleges said.\"In the past five years, the recurring expenses have increased manifold. Some colleges were forced to curtail facilities and reduced the strength of faculty due to the financial crunch,\" an association member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129397", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation undecided on outsourcing of services", "text": "PUNE: The subject of outsourcing conservancy services came up for discussion at the general body meeting of the Pune Municipal Corporation on Tuesday but, despite heated debate, no conclusion was reached.The issue was raised by corporators while discussing outsourcing for Kamala Nehru hospital. BJP corporators Vikas Mathkari, Ganesh Bidkar and others demanded that the GB immediately approve the civic administration's proposal to outsource conservancy services for the civic body's hospital. Mathkari said that cleanliness was a major issue at the hospital and the existing PMC staff was not sufficient or efficient enough to take care of the hospital.Bidkar said the PMC had no option but to outsource services as the state government had halted the recruitment process. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator and leader of the house Subhash Jagtap supported the idea. \"It is not a question of only one hospital. Cleanliness is a major issue for the entirecity. The state government has blocked the recruitment process. The PMC is unable to cope with the situation. The existing conservancy staff is insufficient. The civic body's only option is to outsource staff,\" said Jagtap.Other corporators, however, opposed the idea. \"The PMC wants to hide its inefficiency in this matter. If the existing staff is not working, PMC officials should make them to work,\" said Republican Party of India (RPI) corporator Siddharth Dhende. \"It is fact that there is shortage of staff and workers are under immense pressure but by outsourcing services, the PMC will benefit private players. Instead, the PMC should appoint contract laborers,\" he added.NCP corporator Sunil Gogale said the PMC's approach towards the entire issue was myopic. \"Backward class community members work as conservancy staff. By outsourcing the services, the PMC will deprive poor people of the jobs,\" he said.Congress corporator Avinash Bagwe said the PMC should approach the state government to pave the way for recruiting conservancy staff. \"If the state government allows the posts of engineers and doctors to be filled up, the PMC should insist on getting permission to fill up the conservancy staff posts,\" said Bagwe.The final decision on outsourcing conservancy was deferred after the corporators failed to reach a conclusion.Recently, a city social group had urged the PMC to fill its vacant posts, increase its efficiency and reduce problems for the public. \"Statistics provided by the PMC show that 1,012 posts are vacant in the civic body. This is putting an additional load on the existing staff and hampering the functioning of the administration. The common man who comes to the PMC to get his work done suffers as a result of the lack of manpower. The civic administration should fill the vacant posts as soon as possible,\" said Priyanka Sawant, assistant secretary of Parivartan organisation, which sought the information through an RTI application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133241", "title": "Few buses, Metro feeders, and nightmare called autos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sheila Dikshit government never tires of telling car owners why they should switch on to the public transport system. Indeed, that's what's happening all around the world but empty rhetoric can't replace good governance. What are the incentives for car owners to make the transition? Let's look at the system as it exists today:Cluster buses Eager to phase out the \"killer\" Bluelines, Delhi government had informed the high court that the city would get 11,000 buses by 2010. These would consist of cluster and DTC buses. After numerous delays and controversies, the cluster scheme was finally launched last May with an extended deadline% of 2013.A year later, it scaled down its plan to have 6,600 cluster buses to 4,400. As of July 2012, there are just 300 cluster buses running in the city. By year-end the figure should be 1,000, provided depot space is found. Of the 17 clusters that were to be operational, only 1, 3, 4 and 5 are running. Clusters 6 to 9 have been in the offing for several months now. Also, with CNG prices going up, \"the per km rate had to be revised,\" said an official. \"But since the volume of buses and routes is small, the revenue is not keeping pace.\"DTC buses In 2010, DTC purchased low-floor buses, hoping to upgrade its rickety old fleet. With 6,200 buses lined up, DTC was to be the answer for Delhi's transport woes. On ground though, DTC's much vaunted AC low-floor buses are breaking down, even as complaints of lack of maintenance pile up.Breakdowns and complaints of non-functional ACs inside buses have become rampant. This is despite the fact that a majority of these buses were acquired only two years ago and have an annual maintenance schedule. The low-floor buses too have been giving problems.Add to this the 2,000 old buses which need to be replaced immediately. Any bus that has been in service for eight years and has clocked 5 lakh kilometers ought to be scrapped. But with the cluster buses lagging behind, that cannot happen.Autorickshaws Earlier this year, Supreme Court had allowed the transport department to increase the number of autorickshaw permits by 45,000, bringing the total to one lakh TSRs. However, the department is still firming up its policy. Of course, forget reforms like the GPS scheme or reining in the unruly auto drivers who overcharge and harass commuters.Metro feeders Delhi Metro may be expanding its network of feeder buses but as of now there are only 23 routes operational on which a little more than 100 buses ply. Three hundred may be added to the fleet by the end of the year. Meanwhile, those who wish to use the Metro can't do so. Only 5,000 to 7,000 use the service daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135259", "title": "Keshubhai birthday divides Patel diamantaires", "text": "SURAT: The 83rd birthday celebration of former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel , which was held in the diamond city on Tuesday, has divided Patel diamantaires. While small and medium diamond manufacturers and traders from the community, including Surat Diamond Association (SDA) president Dinesh Navadia came out in the open to back BJP's veteran leader, Patel diamantaires owning multi-million dollar diamond companies - considered Keshubhai's close confidants - stayed away from the birthday bash.There were hoardings, banners and newspaper advertisements by many small and medium diamantaires, including from Navadia, wishing birthday greetings to Keshubhai.The reason for Patel diamond barons staying away from Keshubhai's birthday bash could be the close door meeting chief Minister Narendra Modi had with them during his visit in the city to attend the wedding ceremony of niece and nephew of diamond baron and Patidar samaj leader Kishore Maldar on July 3.Modi had gone straight to the residence of a leading Patel diamantaire and a one-time close confidant of Keshubhai at Parle Point, where he was greeted by 10 leading diamantaires from Saurashtrian Patel community.Patel diamond barons always enjoyed close proximity with Keshubhai. Right from arranging crowds during his public meeting in the diamond hub of Varachha and Katargam to providing all sorts of financial assistance, these diamantaires had reportedly played a key role in shaping his political career.\"It is time for us to payback whatever he (Keshubhai) has done for the community. We are proud that Keshubhai zeroed in on Surat to celebrate his 83rd birthday among his own people,\" Navadia said.Asked about Patel diamond barons staying away from the celebration, Navadia said, \"Keshubhai is a veteran leader. We are celebrating his birthday and it is not a political event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15134310", "title": "Cash-for-bail: Two Karnataka ministers summoned by anti-corruption bureau", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths have served notices on two Karnataka MLAs, accused in the Gali Janardhan Reddy cash-for-bail scam, directing them to appear before the investigating agency within three days. On Tuesday, ACB's special teams went to the houses of Bellary (Urban) MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy, who is Gali's brother, and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu in Bellary Town and served the notices.ACB sources said both the MLAs were not present at their respective houses and the notices were handed over to their family members. The MLAs were asked to appear before the ACB on or before Friday in relation to the investigation in the cash-for-bail scam. Incidentally, only the two MLAs were yet to be arrested in the case.According to ACB sleuths, they have not been in public view after the scam broke out. ACB has already issued lookout notices against the two MLAs, preventing them from fleeing the country. \"If the MLAs fail to respond to the notices, we can arrest them. However, we have information that they are planning to surrender before the court,\" an ACB officer said. Meanwhile, suspended judge K Lakshmi Narasimha Rao has been taken into custody by the ACB for interrogation on Tuesday. The City civil court, Hyderabad, has granted four-day custody of Lakshmi Narasimha Rao to the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "tiruvannamalai", "code": "15134286", "title": "Blackmail, rape by cousin drives TN woman to suicide", "text": "TIRUVANNAMALAI: A 22-year-old polytechnic student committed suicide after her cousin and two other youth first filmed her while she was taking bath and then raped her by threatening to post the clippings on the internet. Police have arrested the three youth, all college students.M Agila, 22, a second-year electrical and electronic engineering student of a private polytechnic college, hanged herself in her house in Tamil Nadu's Tiruvannamalai district on Monday night. She left a suicide note saying her cousin E Ezhilarasan, 21, and two of his friends, R Jagan, 21, and E Vinod, 21, all from the same locality, had filmed her on a mobile phone while she was bathing in her house a week ago. She said they later approached her, showed her the clippings and raped her after threatening that they would post them online if she resisted. Naming the three youth, she said, \"These three are responsible for my suicide. My soul will not rest in peace if they go unpunished.\"The body has been sent to the Christian Medical College, Vellore, for postmortem. Police have also sought additional medial tests to ascertain rape.The three youth were booked on charges of rape, abetment to suicide, house trespass and under various sections of the IT Act, 2000 and the Tamil Nadu Women Harassment Act, 1988. The three were arrested and their mobile phone was seized on Tuesday morning. The youth claimed that they have deleted the clippings from the mobile.Chengam police inspector and investigation officer T Kamaraj said one of the three youth might have slipped into her house when she was alone and filmed her bathing. \"The girl committed suicide a week after the filming incident,\" Kamaraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133816", "title": "Centre to end CWG flats row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday asked the Centre and Delhi Development Authority to resolve the dispute of extra flats built by private developer Emaar MFG in the Commonwealth Games village, since it hindered smooth allocation of flats to buyers.Justice G S Sistani asked the Urban Development Ministry secretary and the DDA vice chairman to convene a meeting with the builder to find a solution before August 9 so that the flats could be handed over to the buyers.Expressing displeasure against DDA and the government over the delay in resolving the issue, the court said, \"It has been more than a month since the matter came up before the HC and nothing has been sorted out.\"\"The issue is going on and on...The buyers are thinking that the builder has taken them for a ride,\" the court said and asked senior officers to be present in court on the next date of hearing, August 9, to explain the progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15131006", "title": "Beverly Hills ex-mayor shows Mumbai how to get roads right", "text": "MUMBAI: The poor condition of city roads has found resonance in former Beverly Hills mayor Jimmy Delshad's first visit to the financial capital. Representing the \"smart city\", where citizens can sue the government for potholes, the city's pockmarked roads came as a big surprise to the former mayor who held office for two terms. Cratered roads not only put up a poor image of the city but also dissuade foreign investment, said America's highest-ranking Iranian-American elected official.Delshad told TOI that Beverly Hills uses flexible asphalt material to ensure roads do not crack up. Dry asphalt is taken to the spot and is used to fill potholes; a road-roller then melts the material. \"We have got roads built in three stages, using asphalt. We have three trucks-one for lifting rubble, another for placing asphalt and the last for leveling it as its weight and heat compress the granular asphalt,\" said Delshad.Interestingly, Beverly Hills uses a system similar to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's pothole-tracking system. \"Citizens can click pictures or send text messages pertaining to civic complaints,\" he said.An ardent supporter of technology-driven civic administration, Delshad said the civic administration has not harnessed the actual potential of technology. To drive home his point, Delshad displayed an application on his phone, Ask Bev, to cater to citizen grievances by putting them in touch with the civic administration. TOI has learned that while inviting Mumbai's first citizen Sunil Prabhu to Beverly Hills, Delshad suggested he utilize the power of technology being churned out by several companies in India.On the difficulty in introducing change within the system, Delshad narrated an incident about a prominent actor's grievance about an inflated water bill. Soon after, the Beverly Hills civic administration introduced wireless water meters, which enabled the administration to monitor the exact amount of water being supplied and to detect leaks. The BMC is working on similar lines but the administration maintains it is not easy to implement such ideas when water meters are stolen in the city. \"We are introducing a similar system but Mumbai faces many problems,\" said Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133675", "title": "Young poets steal hearts at Kundan Vidya Mandir", "text": "LUDHIANA: A Hindi poem recitation contest was held for the students at Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil lines, on Tuesday.The students enthusiastically participated and recited the poems marvellously. The platform gave a chance to the students to use the language assertively. The event was judged by Ritu Mehra and Monica Asdhir. Mannat of Class I and Shivam Gupta of Class II were adjudged winners of the contest.\"It was an excellent event and we are very happy that the kids recited poems beautifully complete with emotions. It was evident that even parents worked very hard to prepare their children for the event. The event aimed at generating an interest in reading literature and poetry among students, right from the start,\" said principal Navita Puri. The participants recited motivating and consequential poems titled, \"Padne Do\", \"Lakshaya\", \"Nanhi bachi ki pukar\", \"Rimjhim baras raha hai paani\", \"Abla naari\", \"Bal majduron ki dastan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135439", "title": "Homeo students set deadline for re-checking", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of Dr Abhin Chandra Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital here on Tuesday set a two-day deadline for the college authorities to take steps to revaluate the back papers of seven students, who flunked the tests. \"We gave a memorandum to the principal requesting him to facilitate rechecking of papers of the seven students. If our demand is not fulfilled within two days, we will protest,\" said Soumya Ranjan Pani, a student.Campus of the government-run college had turned into battlefield on Monday after students ransacked the office rooms in protest against the alleged faulty evaluation. While four third-year students of bachelor in homeopathy medicine and surgery department successfully cleared their back papers, all the seven girls of first year failed to clear the papers. Aggrieved students smashed glass windows of the office, computer laboratory and damaged an ambulance.\"I have communicated the demand of students to the examination controller of Utkal University, which evaluated the papers,\" college principal Dr Surya Narayan Mishra said. He lodged a complaint against unknown students, who vandalized the college property on Monday.Students demanded ouster of two college teachers, who allegedly threatened them to spoil their career in the past. \"College authorities purposely targeted us because we had been raising our voice against poor teaching facility here. They had threatened not to spare us in the examination,\" said Lipsarani Pradhan, another student.\"The college is reeling under a series of problems like staff shortage, poor infrastructure and academic atmosphere ,\" Pradhan said. Principal Dr Mishra said steps are being taken to improve infrastructure in the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134484", "title": "A coach who drills for his 'chak de' moment", "text": "CHENNAI: Mohammed Riaz could not win an Olympic medal in his playing days, but the former Indian hockey captain has another chance now, though as a coach.The mercurial midfielder from Chennai, who had represented India in the 1996 (Atlanta) and 2000 (Sydney) Olympics, is the assistant coach of the current Indian side and if his wards deliver at the biggest stage, his dream will come true.\"For any player, winning an Olympic gold is the biggest dream but I was unfortunate not to have won it for my country despite playing in the Games twice. That's been a great disappointment for me till date. We have not won the hockey gold for 32 years and it would give me great happiness if we win the title this time. We've prepared well and our performance has been up to the mark in the recent past. Though, our preparatory matches before the London Games did not go well, we all are confident of bouncing back in the main event,\" said Riaz, who took charge last year.The Indian hockey team, which had dominated the world hockey from 1928 to 1956 and, won eight gold medals so far. The last one came in 1980 in Moscow under the captaincy of V Baskaran. Since then India has been struggling to make a mark in the international arena and failed to qualify for the Beijing Olympics (2008). India has gelled well under the guidance of Aussie coach Michael Nobbs and Riaz in the last two years and they shown a lot of hopes to the hockey fans across the country.\"We've worked very hard and the boys are not scared of any teams. The spirit in the team is high and everyone wants to give his cent percent on the field. We believe in our strength and hope to have good results in all five matches we play in the league stage,\" Riaz added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15135070", "title": "Environmental studies to be compulsory in Class XI", "text": "GUWAHATI: Environmental studies (EVS) will now be made compulsory in Class XI (Higher Secondary first year) and the grade of the EVS exam will be tallied in the Class XII (HS second year) final exam of the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC).U C Das, AHSEC secretary, said, \"The inclusion of environmental studies was done as per the directive of the Supreme Court and the grade would be given in Class XI, and it would be included in the Class XII final exam. Now, in Class XI, the exams are not conducted by the council; they are carried out at the respective institute itself. But, the marks of EVS would be finally added in the exam.\"\"This purpose of this decision is to make students aware of the environment so that we can protect it. I think inclusion of the subject is a good move,\" he said.The council has introduced NCERT books for the Higher Secondary course, and this year, the first batch of the course appeared the exam.\"This year, the first batch of the NCERT course appeared for the exam and the results have been very satisfactory. Also, this year, the alternative English book has been changed as per the NCERT guidelines and we hope this too would benefit students,\" Das said.The council is also working towards improving the quality of reevaluation of exam papers after three candidates' marks were increased after rechecking this year and they were elevated to rankholders' positions.\"There was a major goof up on the part of the evaluators, but we will ensure that such mistakes do not take place again. Every year, a lot of students go for reevaluation after the exam, but errors like this are not regular and we will be more careful in the evaluation from now on,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "adilabad/karimnagar", "code": "15129808", "title": "Depressed over friends' death, student ends life", "text": "ADILABAD/KARIMNAGAR: Three SSC students were among six persons who met a watery grave in two different mishaps in Adilabad and Karimnagar districts on Tuesday.In the first mishap at Leejroan of Kagaznagar mandal, three students drowned in Peddavagu, while their friend committed suicide by consuming pesticide unable to digest the death of his friends. According to police sources, Rajesh, Vishwajith and Rajudas were washed away in the swirling waters of Peddavagu when they went for a swim. Their friend Pranay, who saw his friends drowning, rushed to the village and informed the matter to the parents of the deceased. He later committed suicide by consuming pesticide.The deceased were students of the local government school. Body of Rajesh was fished out, while the search is on for the other two. In the second mishap, a boat capsized in Godavari river at Mahadevpur, killing three persons. Mannem Lakshmi, 20, her son Vijya Kumar, 2, and Kotte Pochaiah, 60, drowned. Lakshmi's husband Venkateshwarlu, is critical at the area hospital.The mishap took place as the boat was overloaded. Sources said some of the passengers requested the boat owner to take the boat to Chennur to shift an epilepsy patient to the government hospital there. After it travelled for some time, the boat capsized.Seven others swam to safety. The Mahadevpur police registered a case and started an enquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15128214", "title": "Minor murders friend, buries him in Navapura", "text": "VADODARA: A 17-year-old boy, who wanted to pursue engineering, was brutally killed by his minor friend late on Monday in Navapura area of the city. A resident of Manjalpur, Krishil Patel was strangled by a 17-year-old at the latter's residence in Kumbharwada. The accused not only killed Patel, but also buried his body in an open ground opposite his residence. Swift investigations by the Crime Branch and Manjalpur police led to the arrest of the accused on Tuesday afternoon. He admitted to the crime and also led the police to Patel's body.The police dug out Patel's body and sent it for postmortem by evening. According to investigating officials, the accused killed Patel as the latter had become close friend of his female friend. The assailant had planned the murder in advance and was waiting for the right opportunity. On Monday, the accused had made up his mind to bump off Patel. According to the complaint, the accused had tried to call Patel to meet him on several pretexts on Monday afternoon.\"However, Patel kept refusing. On Monday evening, the accused reached Patel's residence in Vineet Park Society and offered to take him for a movie. Patel agreed and they both left on the accused's motorbike to watch 'Bol Bachhan' at Alpana theatre. They both watched the movie and then went to an eating joint to have dinner,\" Manjalpur police inspector R Dabhi said.At 10.23 pm on Monday, Patel's mother called him on his mobile. He told her that he is having dinner and will be back soon. However, when he didn't return till 11.15 pm, she called on his mobile again. This time, too, he picked up his phone and said he will return home soon. \"However, Patel's mother felt that it wasn't her son's voice,\" the police said.Later, the deceased's mother kept calling him, but he didn't receive the phone and after midnight it was switched off. On Tuesday morning, the landline phone of Patel's residence rang. \"The accused called up at Patel's home and demanded ransom of Rs 7 lakh. He told Patel's mother that her son was fine and threatened her not to inform the police. He told her that he will call again by 1 pm. Jealousy over a female friend led to Patel's death,\" city police commissioner Satish Sharma said.Investigations showed that the accused had called from Patel's mobile. The police zeroed in on the accused and arrested him. Sharma said the accused made the ransom call to misguide the police. \"The accused told the police that after having dinner, he took Patel to his home. He strangulated him to death first and later dug a pit in an open plot at about 2 am to bury Patel,\" a police official said.Meanwhile, relatives of Patel said the police did not have picture of the accused. So, Patel's family members accessed his Facebook account and took pictures of the accused, who was photographed with Patel. The photo was then handed over to the police for identification.Criminal backgroundInvestigations revealed that the accused's family has criminal background. His father used to run a gambling den for a living and his brother is a bootlegger. The accused, who failed in XII science, used to stay with his uncle. When the murder was committed, the accused's uncle was driving autorickshaw for a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133799", "title": "BJP demands special CAG audit into Maha Sadan construction 'scam\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader Kirit Somaiya on Tuesday demanded a special CAG audit into the alleged irregularities related to the construction of Maharashtra Sadan along with an inquiry into certain 'benami' companies, which he claimed, had been floated by two state ministers.Somaiya on Tuesday reached the office of Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai and submitted documents which he said were the basis of his allegations. \"We have demanded that there should be special audit in to it. In this scam, the FAR of the Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi has been allotted in Mumbai. And to ensure that prompt action is taken in to the matter, we will follow it up,\" he added.\"We have submitted nearly 450 pages of documents related to the scams, here,\" Somaiya said while speaking to reporters outside the CAG office.Somaiya said that the CAG secretariat had received the documents which would now be examined by them. He added that he had also handed over to the CAG documents related to 'benami' companies and alleged that these were floated by two ministers of the Maharashtra government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15134621", "title": "Now, fish vendors support Margao Municipal Council's eviction move", "text": "MARGAO: In a new twist to the ongoing protest by the fish vendors affected by the Margao Municipal Council's (MMC) anti-encroachment drive, the Margao fish vendors' association led a delegation to the office of the chairperson, Arthur D'Silva, extending their support to the MMC's move of evicting the fish vendors carrying out business in unauthorized places, including at the old fish market.The delegation, led by its president, Felix Gonsalves, called the protesting fish vendors' bluff as they pointed out that most of those who were claiming to have been displaced, were already allotted spaces in the SGPDA retail fish market while others were selling fish in nearby villages.The delegation stressed that as the SGPDA retail fish market is the sole place in the city authorized for selling fish, none should be allowed to carry out sale of fish at the old fish market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130005", "title": "Opposition to Polavaram tenders mounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition to the Polavaram project tendering process continued to mount with health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, the TRS and YSR Congress on Tuesday demanding that the entire process be cancelled and fresh tenders floated. On Monday, two city ministers, Danam Nagender and M Mukesh Goud, had raised the demand first.Health minister Ravindra Reddy, who has had a stint as irrigation minister in the past, on Tuesday wrote a letter to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy urging him not to finalise the tenders. \"If the shortlisted tenders are finalised, the state will stand to lose about Rs 1000 crore. The earlier tender was cancelled as there were allegations of irregularities even though the lowest bidder, SEW Consortium, quoted 12.6% less than the estimated value of the project decided by the state. In the re-tendering, the state should get more benefit, but will end up as the loser,\" Reddy said.The health minister also found fault with the shortlisting process. He said the companies shortlisted were ineligible as they had already been blacklisted. According to Reddy, Patel Engineering, a member of the SEW-led consortium, was blacklisted by the National Highway Authority of India for financial irregularities.In the letter, DL Ravindra Reddy is said to have advised the chief minister to cancel the tenders in order to eliminate the blacklisted companies from getting the contract. \"The government should be held responsible for the loss of Rs 1000 crore if the irrigation department ignores the objection raised by the ministers,\" the health minister reportedly told the CM.Meanwhile, labour minister Danam Nagender and marketing minister Mukesh Goud met the chief minister on Tuesday to prevail upon him on the need to cancel the tenders on the grounds that there was no transparency in the whole process. Both the ministers are said to have declined to agree for a negotiated settlement suggested by Kiran Kumar.Nagender opposed the relaxations given to Soma and SEW while the same facility was denied to other bidders. \"Because of this relaxation, the state is forced to accept the tenders even though the firms hiked the value by 10% over what they quoted last year,\" is what Nagender reportedly told the CM.If the cost escalation is taken into consideration, the 10% would be equal to Rs 1000 to 1200 crore by the time the project is completed, said Danam. The ministers presented a letter to finance minister Anam Ramanarayan Reddy, and chairperson of the high power committee which is authorized to finalize the tenders, requesting them to ensure that no extra burden was put on the exchequer because of unfair practices followed in selection process.However, according to sources, the CM is not interested in entertaining the demands of the ministers. Danam, Mukesh and DL said they would place the issue before AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and the party high command if there was no positive response from the chief minister. Meanwhile, M V Mysura Reddy of the YSR Congress and E Rajender of the TRS also demanded that the Polavaram tendering process be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129516", "title": "HC rejects I-T dept's appeal against Big B", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief for actor Amitabh Bachchan, the Bombay high court recently dismissed an income tax department appeal, which reopened his 2002-03 assessment for evading tax.A division bench of Justices S J Vazifdar and M S Sanklecha on July 5 heard the appeal against the IT appellate tribunal's March 19, 2010 order, which held that the assessing officer (AO) was not justified in reopening the assessment.On October 13, 2002, Bachchan filed his return, declaring his income at Rs 14.99 crore. On March 31, 2003, he filed a revised return, wherein he claimed expenses at 30% ad hoc (without details to support), amounting to Rs 6.31 crore and determined his income at Rs 811 crore. However, before the assessment could be completed, on March 13, 2004, Bachchan withdrew the revised return along with the claim for deduction of 30% ad hoc expenses from his total income. On March 29, 2005, the AO completed the assessment and determined Bachchan's income at Rs 56.41 crore. A notice was sent on April 5, 2006 for reopening assessment proceedings.The actor had withdrawn the claim as he could not prove certain expenses. The AO also sought verification of cash journals, vehicle and professional expenses, books of accounts, receipts of dividend received from investment in a house property and source of cash deposits in an account, which included deposits on behalf of Jaya Bachchan . It noted that while Bachchan maintained seven accounts, he furnished details of only six.On December 31, 2007, the AO assessed the actor's total income of Rs 20.05 crore after granting applicable relief under the IT Act.Bachchan moved the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals), which on March 4, 2009 set aside the reassessment, holding that the material on the basis of which the assessment was sought to be reopened was always available during the time of original proceedings. The tribunal department also upheld the CIT(A) order.The judges said the CIT (A) and the tribunal \"correctly concluded that there was no fresh tangible material\" before the AO to believe that taxable income escaped assessment. Also, that reasons for re-assessment records that Bachchan withdrew his claim of 30 % percent when asked to substantiate it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130620", "title": "Western Railway to act against motorman who instigated Friday strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) has drawn up a plan to take action against motorman A S Maleth, who had reportedly instigated his colleagues to stage the flash strike on July 20, when thousands of commuters were inconvenienced.At the coordination committee meeting convened by state chief secretary J K Banthia, WR officials said they would take steps against erring staffers for holding the city to ransom, but did not reveal the course of action. \"Not taking action may breed more indiscipline. But we have told the state that there will be repercussions on railway services if any step is taken. We need government support to handle the situation, as train disruptions not only create chaos at stations but also on roads,\" a senior WR official said. Sources said that the WR administration might not hesitate to invoke the provision of Essential Services and Maintenance Act as soon as similar agitation recurs in future.The motormen's strike has also taken flak from legislators. \"A meeting will be convened by transport secretary Shailesh Sharma. It will be attended by officials of the civic bodies of Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai and that of the traffic department who will discuss the measures to be aken to tackle future agitations by motormen,\" The discussions will help us devise new plans,\"a state official said. \"We have also requested the railways to keep us in the loop about any impending strike threat by motormen. Usually, they contact us only after an agitation has begun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135250", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University senate election turns high profile", "text": "SURAT: Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's (VNSGU) senate election has turned high profile with the president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGParesh Patel deciding to contest against senior Congress leader Hoshang Mirza in the science faculty registered graduate constituency.With the two heavyweights in fray, the polls are expected to be a close fight. While Mirza has been undefeated for the last five terms, Patel being the SGCCI president has emerged as a strong challenger. The senate election is scheduled to be held on August 12.Patel has been announced as a candidate of Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and is a key contestant on the party's panel. He had graduated from the science faculty in 1984-85. \"I agreed to contest as I believe that I will be able to help the university to function better. The VNSGU is doing well in education sector and I wish to be a part of the senate to add a professional touch to the institution,\" Patel said.Mirza, who is identified as one-man army in the university circles, is amongst the senior most Congressmen in the state. Due to his close association with the university administration and colleges, he has won the elections with huge margins in the past. \"Not only me, but candidates supported by me will win in all the faculty seats. We have done the ground work required for the elections and our victory is sure,\" he said.On having chosen Patel, ABVP office bearers said they wanted representation in VSNGU senate from different sections of the society. Patel represents textile business community in south Gujarat.There is a section of ABVP workers that is not happy with the party choosing to field Patel. Sources say that these elements had been preparing to contest for the last one year. However, the office bearers deny this. \"Patel's name was finalized unanimously in a meeting of the ABVP office bearers. His name was not opposed by anyone. There were some members who had been preparing for the elections, but no one's name was finalized. They are well aware about the election process,\" senate election co-ordinator of ABVP Mayur Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15127445", "title": "Modi's death was as mysterious and sudden as his exit from cricket", "text": "THE crowd was on the edge of its seats. But the clock ticked on in the pavilion of Cricket Club Of India. After each ball bowled by the West Indian, the spectators glanced at the clock. It was 1949 and India were chasing 361 runs in a maximum of 108 overs in the fifth Test. When the clock indicated a minute and half to go with six runs required to win, umpire Bapusaheb Joshi lifted the bails. It was a blunder. India were deprived of a sensational victory.In fact, when India lost openers Mushtaq Ali and K C Ibrahim with 9 on the board, the target looked impossible against a very good attack. The next man up was running fever and feeling terribly weak. It was young Rusi Modi. He played some delightful shots first with Lala Amarnath in the partnership of 72 and then with Vijay Hazare, scoring 86 runs of the 139-run partnership. Modi made the target seem possible.India couldn't win that match but the intrigue generated was that if Modi could do this while running fever what would he do when he was fit. The answer came a little later. Modi scored 560 runs that series. He had mastered the West Indian fast bowlers Prior Jones and Gary Gomez.Remembering that knock, 81-year old journalist Dicky Rutnagur says, \"Rusi was not only timing the ball well but placing it beautifully. Mind you, in the earlier Test match, the West Indians attacked his leg stump. They were bowling bouncers at him because he was the only one standing up to their pace. Except his face, his entire body was black and blue. He looked like a West Indian.\"When a lean Rusi Modi from Surat played his first game for the Parsees in the Quadrangular in 1941, his talent caught the eye of everyone. In the season of 1944-45, he was in terrific form. His scores read: 160 against Sind, 210 against Western India, 245 n.o. and 31 n.o. against Baroda, 113 against Northern India and 98 and 151 against Holkar. He had an average of 201.60 scoring more than thousand runs in a season.BB Mama, the famous statistician, in his book Some Indian cricketers compares the under-21 record of Modi with Bradman. In 26 innings, Modi scored 2228 runs with an average of 101.27 compared to Bradman's 2106 runs in 34 innings at an average of 78. Bradman played 9 innings more and averaged less!Russi Cooper, a centurion in the final of the Ranji Trophy against Holkar in 1944-45, witnessed all knocks of Modi from Pentangulars. He says, \"He never needed to attack. He would caress the ball through gaps. In the match against Baroda, that was played on coir matting, we lost important wickets of K C Ibrahim, Anwar Hussain , Madhav Mantri and Vijay Merchant (0) for 36. I scored 62, but Modi scored a brilliant 245 not out and we won the game.\"In the debut Test at Lord's in 1946 when Alec Bedser was running through the Indian batting line up with 7 for 49, Modi scored a stylish unbeaten 57 in 50 minutes playing Bedser with ease.Madhav Mantri, who played a lot with Modi recounts, \"In a match at Pune, young Dilip Sardesai had a big partnership with Rusi Modi playing for the ACC . Dilip was all praise for Rusi's batting - his defence, his placement on both sides of the wicket and of course, his magnificent stroke play.\"After being on the top for a decade, Modi opted out of the Australian tour of 1948 for personal reasons. Rutnagur, a very close friend of Modi from St Xavier's college days, says, \"Yes the personal reason was a bit serious and it did affect him considerably. He was magnanimous. When a gentleman connected with sports told him that he was unable to feed his large family, Rusi spent a lot of money looking after that family.\"His quick disappearance from international cricket remains a great mystery in Indian cricket. Ironically, the man who had a lovely balance while batting died when he lost his balance while taking a stroll on the second floor of the CCI. His death was as ironic as his departure from cricket. It came at the place that had been his life: The Cricket Club of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129848", "title": "Houses erase 'Bombay'", "text": "MUMBAI: No more word 'Bombay' in any of the state government acts. The state legislative council on Tuesday unanimously approved the Bill to replace Bombay with Maharashtra it state government Act. The Bill was approved by the state legislative assembly on Monday.Fauziya Khan, minister of state for General Administration Department (GAD) tabled the Bill in the council. The Shiv Sena-BJP members welcomed the move by the government, but firmly opposed the use of word Gujarat in the objectives of the Bill.\"Maharashtra state was not formed because of Gujarat. But government in the objective of the Bill has mentioned that the changes in the Act have been necessitated following formation of Gujarat state. This is objectionable and should be removed immediately,\" said senior Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote.Vinod Tawde, ( BJP ) leader of the Opposition in the council too echoed similar views and stated that opposition members will not approve the Bill till government rectifies the 'error'.As deadlock continues, deputy chairman of the council Vasant Davkhare adjourned the proceedings of the council for 15 minutes. The proceedings late continued. However later in the day, Shivajirao Deshmukh, chairman of the council directed the government to remove the 'objectionable' wordings in the objective of the Bill. And subsequently the Bill was approved unanimously by the members of the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15131498", "title": "Instead of customers, banks may bear fake notes loss", "text": "LUCKNOW: The common man who unknowingly comes in possession of fake currency is left a harried soul. It's only when fake notes are detected in the money withdrawn from a bank's counter that one gets compensated. But, in cases where a customer fails to detect a fake note at the bank's counter, the bank not only refuses to compensate the fake currency but may also take legal action against such gullible customer.To save customers from the ordeal, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to put strict provisions in place to check the menace of fake notes. \"The recommendations have been made to address the entire gamut of issues concerning the counterfeit currency,\" said an official of RBI, Mumbai.One such provision direct banks to streamline their system in a manner which will make them bear the risk of counterfeit notes instead of people who unknowingly come in possession of such notes.In a positive turn of events, banks have already started putting the provisions in place. Well placed sources in the State Bank of India, Lucknow said the bank is contemplating to switch over to 'cassette swap' system for feeding the ATMs.\"There will be sealed packets of notes which will be fed into the ATMs, cutting down any chances of hanky-panky by the staff that feeds cash in ATMs,\" said sources.But, many RBI recommendations are yet to be finalised. On the banks bearing the risk of counterfeit notes instead of customers, officials said it does not mean replacing every fake note that a customer brings to the bank. \"If that provision is implemented, there will be people coming with malafide intentions and bank will have no measure to guard against them,\" said officials in Hazratganj branch of Punjab National Bank.Clearing the air, officials of the Indian Bank Association (IBA) said the provision has got more to do with checking the circulation of fake notes. \"Once such notes are prevented from being re-circulated, people will no longer get them through the banking channels,\" said Unnikrishnan, deputy chief executive of IBA, Mumbai.The banks have also been directed to lodge an FIR against a person who is found in possession of more than four fake notes at one time. In other cases, banks have to take into record the details of the person from whose possession fake notes are recovered and the recovered counterfeit currency has to be sent to the vigilance or the police officials.To ensure that fake notes go out of circulation, RBI has asked all banks to ensure training of their cash handling staff in detecting the fake notes within three years. The staff at the counters too would be trained in identifying the features of the genuine Indian bank notes. In most of the branches with a smaller turnover, the manual verification is still in place for sorting out the bank notes.To cut down the chances of human errors, banks have been asked to install note sorting machines across all branches in a phased manner. Besides, banks have also been advised to ensure that notes received over the counters are re-circulated only after ensuring their proper authentication through machines.The Reserve Bank of India detected fake notes worth Rs 24.7 crore in 2011-12. The value of the fake notes detected in 2010-11 was Rs 30.2 crore.The number of fake notes detected in the denomination of Rs 500 has been increasing since 2008-09. In 2011-12, maximum fake notes were detected in the same denomination. The number of fake notes detected in the denomination of Rs 100 followed close second. Though RBI provided the estimate, it was not sure if the notes are in circulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134867", "title": "Phone hacking: Rebekah Brooks, UK PM's ex-aide charged", "text": "LONDON: A former aide to British PM David Cameron and ex-head of media mogul Rupert Murdoch-controlled News Corp's UK operations were charged with phone hacking along with six others on Tuesday.Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks face a maximum sentence of two years in prison if convicted. Coulson succeeded Brooks as the editor of now-defunct News of the World tabloid before becoming Cameron's director of communications.Britain's Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) legal adviser Alison Levitt said Brooks, a former protege of Murdoch, faces three charges relating to allegedly accessing murdered 13-year-old schoolgirl Milly Dowler and former trade union boss Andrew Gilchrist's voicemails.Coulson faces four charges of accessing phone messages of Dowler, former Labour home secretaries David Blunkett and Charles Clarke and that of footballer George Best's son, Calum Best.Levitt said the Scotland Yard has passed cases against 13 people to the CPS and said there was a \"realistic prospect of conviction\" in relation to eight of them.Prosecutors will allege that more than 600 people, including actors Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , were victims of phone hacking. Other victims were Sven-Goran Eriksson , England's then football coach, TV chef Delia Smith , actor Jude Law and soccer player Wayne Rooney.Levitt said no further action would be taken in relation to three of the 13 suspects, but disclosed that police had requested her to defer making a decision over the two remaining pending further inquiries.Brooks maintained that she was \"not guilty'' of these charges and said she did not \"authorize nor was aware of phone hacking under my editorship''. She said associating her with the crime concerning Dowler was \"particularly upsetting, not only as it is untrue but also because I have spent my journalistic career campaigning for victims of crime\".The latest development in the case has embarrassed Cameron as he counted Brooks among his close friends. Her possible influence on him considering News Corp's bid to wholly own DTH operator and broadcaster Sky - which Murdoch was forced to withdraw after the hacking scandal escalated - has been a matter of political debate in the UK.Cameron's perceived misjudgment in selecting Coulson as a key adviser, overlooking his controversial background and bypassing rigorous vetting, has haunted him ever since he was compelled to relieve him of his duties last year. Coulson helped Cameron in his bid to become PM six months after he stood down as the tabloid's editor. He had quit after one of his reporters was arrested for phone hacking.The others facing charges are the tabloid's former managing editor Stuart Kuttner , former news editor Greg Miskiw , former assistant editor Ian Edmondson, former chief reporter NevilleThurlbeck, former assistant editor James Weatherup and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire.All except Mulcaire will be charged with conspiring to intercept communications without lawful authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15134567", "title": "Man stabbed to death", "text": "MADURAI: A 50-year-old man was stabbed to death by three persons in Avaniapuram in Madurai. The victim Gurusamy, a cattle broker from Chintamani area in Madurai, had a few days back, lodged a police complaint against the three accused of stealing cash from his house. Even as the police inquiry was on, the three picked up a quarrel with Gurusamy at his house on Monday night and stabbed him.Police said that in his complaint on July 22, Gurusamy had alleged that Balamurugan, Sankar and Subramani from the same locality had stolen a sum of Rs 38,000 from his house, besides few electrical items. Police registered a case and were making inquiries with the three. The three went to Gurusamy's house on Monday night, stabbed Gurusamy and fled the place.Neighbours rushed to the spot after hearing the cries of Gurusamy and rushed the bleeding man to the government hospital. However, treatment failed and Gurusamy died in the wee hours of Tuesday. Police have launched a hunt for Balamurugan, Sankar and Subramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133285", "title": "Accused was using fake registration number for car", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the much hyped Lovely Lamba gangster case, investigation revealed that the accused was using a fake registration number for the car used in criminal activities. This car was recovered from accused on June 28. Police have registered another case against Rajinder Singh alias Lovely Lamba, Vikas Kumar, Rajnish Kumar and Daljeet Singh, who are already behind bars.Station house officer, Model Town, Ashok Kumar said, \"We have arrested all the accused from a house in Abdullapur Basti and recovered the car from them. During investigation, it was revealed that the car involved in various criminal activities had a fake registration number.\"He said, \"Originally, the car belonged to a Jalandhar-based person, but the owner sold the car to a Chamkaur Sahib-based person.\" The cops now plan to seek production warrant of accused.On June 28, in a surprise raid police arrested gangsters and recovered one country-made pistol, 10 live cartridges of .12 bore, two cars, five cellphones, four sharp-edged weapon, 100 passport size photographs of different persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134524", "title": "Internal exams may lose weightage", "text": "MUMBAI: The ratio of semester-end examination and internal assessment might change from the current 60-40 rule to 75-25. The credit-based choice system (CBCS), which was introduced in the last academic session, might undergo a change once the academic council of Mumbai University approves the suggestions mooted by a review panel in their meeting on Wednesday.A panel was set up to review the CBCS after its one year of implementation. Several principals and academicians also alleged that colleges were generously giving the internal assessment marks to students. Another concern was the implementation of the internal assessment pattern throughout the courses this year---a total of three years and six semesters---would overburden the teachers. Also, though the semester-based system was not applicable to students from the TYBCom in the March 2012 exam, they also had an internal assessment for 40 marks and the results of the batch went up to 81% .The panel has suggested three options which will be presented before the academic council meeting.The first option is to reduce the internal marking score from 40 to 25. The second suggestion of the panel is to have a test of 30 marks in one semester and an assignment with equal marks in the second semester, instead of having both test and the assignment in each of the semesters for internal marks. And to allot five marks each for responsible behaviour and active participation in class in each of the semesters. The current pattern is to give 20 marks for the written test, ten marks for assignment/project, five marks each for classroom participation and responsible behaviour, totalling 40 marks in each of the semester.The third suggestion mooted by the committee was to reduce the weightage given to internal assessment in the grades given to students. When asked about the proposal, T P Madhu Nair, commerce dean, said, \"Suggestions are taken from the stakeholders, including the teachers and parents. After reviewing the first year of implementation, the suggestions will be placed before the academic council on Wednesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134217", "title": "PSI's house among 3 places burglarized", "text": "NAGPUR: Three burglaries were reported across the city in the last couple of days. Burglars struck at the residence of a police sub-inspector, an assistant lecturer and a Western Coalfield Limited chief lab technician. This year, the cops have registered 384 burglaries and solved only 81 of them.PSI Suresh Chikhalkar attached to Aurangabad police's wireless department was left stunned after burglars decamped with valuables worth Rs2.20 lakh from his residence at Rajendra Nagar in MIDC. Chikhalkar and his family members had gone to Durganagar to meet a relative when the incident took place. Chikhalkar rushed to MIDC police on Monday morning after seeing his residence left ransacked and valuables missing.In another burglary that came to fore on Monday, miscreants broke into the residence of Dr Milind Lonare at Hazaripahad. Dr Lonare is engaged as an assistant lecturer at the veterinary college at Akola. His wife is also attached to the city-based veterinary college. The burglars decamped with cash and valuables worth Rs1.83 lakh. An offence was registered at Gittikhadan police station.In the third incident, burglars decamped with cash and valuables from the residence of Sudhir Choudhari at New Subhedar Layout. Choudhari is posted as chief lab technician with WCL at Kandri. The miscreants decamped with valuables worth Rs2.50 lakh. A case of burglary has been registered at Hudkeshwar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133996", "title": "Neighbourly gesture across borders wins hearts, dissolves boundaries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"My father specially cooked \"karahi paneer\" for Zora and she loved it,\" chirps Sana Sidhu, 16, a student of Class XI, living in Sector 27. Sana, a student of Lawrence School, Sanawar, is currently hosting her age-mate, Zora Maliha, a Muslim student from Chittagong Grammer School, Bangladesh at her home as part of an exchange programme between the two schools. And their bonhomie appears to have dissolved geographical boundaries and those of religion too.Out of 16 students in her batch who were offered to go for a month-long exchange programme and also host a student from that country, Sana, who belongs to a Sikh family, was the only one who chose Bangalesh. Other students from her batch turned down the offer to visit Bangladesh.\"I got a choice between US and Bangladesh and I chose the latter. I did so as I wanted to encourage my peers and other around by going and meeting people there to inspire them to break such barriers. In my own small way, I am contributing to bringing peace across boundaries. It is not for the governments to tell us how to live in harmony with everyone in the world,\" says Sana, who was among the few students selected in her school for this programme.Incidentally, when given a choice between Australia and India, even Zora opted for India. \"I am amazed at the diversity in the culture here in India. I have always wanted to come to India and my dream has come true,\" smiles Zora.The only thing she's missing in the city is halal food. \"We have been taking her around the city, making her visit places and telling her about Teej and other Indian festivals, while cooking nice dishes for her,\" says Sana. Their families, have been equally supportive, the girls chime. \"Our friends and relatives had been telling us not to send our daughter to Bangladesh and instead opt for US. But the intention was noble -- the spirit of bonding with people across the borders. And we let Sana follow her heart. In a way its bonding of two cultures and nations through these young children,\" says Mani Dhillon, Sana's mother who teaches public administration at SGGS College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134926", "title": "Private hospitals ill-equipped to tackle emergency cases?", "text": "PATNA: The killing of a school principal, Nilam Sharma, in the city recently has brought many issues of paramount importance to the limelight. Soon after the family members found the brutally assaulted Nilam lying in a pool of blood, they took her to the nearest and reputed private nursing home, from where she was referred to the PMCH. However, she was taken to another private hospital where she succumbed to injuries soon after reaching there. Her postmortem report suggested that she died of excessive bleeding.Now, the crux of the issue is why did the reputed nursing home of the city, where she was initially taken, refuse to admit her? What compelled the doctors there to refer the case to the PMCH? Was it ethical and legal on the part of the nursing home to refuse treatment to Nilam?According to a Supreme Court (SC) ruling, \"Every injured citizen brought for medical aid to any private or government medicare centre should be instantaneously given medical aid to preserve life and, thereafter, the procedural criminal law should be allowed to operate in order to avoid negligent death.\"The SC guideline says, \"There are no provisions in the IPC, CrPC or Motor Vehicles Act which prevents doctors from promptly attending to a seriously injured person and accident cases before the arrival of the police and their taking cognizance of such cases, preparation of FIR and other formalities by the police.\"Incidentally, many private hospitals operating even in the lanes of the city are either ill-equipped to provide medicare to serious trauma victims or do not intend to admit such patients fearing legal complexities.In the case of Nilam, the reputed nursing home where she was initially taken did provide her the first aid. According to hospital sources, since her condition was very critical, the doctors immediately referred her to the PMCH. Moreover, any negligence on the hospital's part could have made the situation volatile.\"We do admit critical trauma cases without hesitation. But in the principal's case, her condition was extremely critical. So, she was referred to the PMCH,\" said sources at the hospital administration.Dr Rajiv Singh of a private hospital in Rajabazar area said, \"We do not admit accident victims or assault victims as my hospital does not have any emergency unit. However, we will start emergency unit soon.\"Noted surgeon Dr A A Hai said, \"We are aware of the Supreme Court ruling. At my hospital, which is currently under expansion, we do admit critical trauma victims and give them the required attention.\"Col AK Singh of another reputed private hospital said, \"We do admit trauma victims. In fact, there is no legal impediment for a medical professional when he is called upon or requested to attend to an injured person needing his medical assistance immediately. The effort to save the person should be the top priority of a doctor.\"Recently, a private nursing home on Ashok Rajpath not only refused to admit a victim who had received bullet injuries but also asked for a huge cash deposit before providing any medicare.A month back, a hospital had allegedly refused treatment to a train accident victim, who had to be shifted to a private hospital in Kankarbagh but didn't survive. Another private hospital had refused to treat a bleeding patient till his family deposited money.The state health department's hands are also tied by the law. \"Unfortunately, there is no such law which allows us to penalize erring private hospitals. We are in the process of moving a Bill to set up a monitoring system that will help curb this inhuman practice,\" said State Health Society ED Sanjay Kumar.Though the two major state government hospitals, the PMCH and the NMCH, have the required infrastructure to handle critical trauma cases, people, especially from well-to-do families, always prefer reputed private nursing homes or clinics.\"My father met with a serious car accident. But, instead of taking him to the PMCH emergency, we rushed to a private hospital. For, in private nursing homes, we can get adequate attention of doctors and other nursing staff. In a government hospital, it is simply impossible to get the required attention,\" said AK Sinha, a bank official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138024", "title": "Bald and beautiful Locket Chatterjee", "text": "Locket Chatterjee is on cloud nine. The actor is getting offers to play diverse roles. In director Debjoy's film \"Love in Rajasthan\" the actor is playing a professor alongside Jackie Shroff.\"I am big fan of Jackieji. I still remember \"Kaash\" where he performed brilliantly along with Dimple Kapadia. I am looking forward to share screen space with him,\" said the actor.Locket is all nerves about playing Rita, a corporate honcho in Manas Basu's \"Brishti Bheja Roddur\". \"I will be going for a bald look for the first time in my career in \"BBR\". I am tense as I don't know how the audience will react to it. In fact, I am not even checking the monitor after giving the shots,\" smiled Locket. She added, \"Manasda's film is about relationships and how the equation changes with varying situations. I gave a nod to this film as I found my role to be challenging. Sporting a bald look on-screen is no mean feat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15134685", "title": "Single-teacher schools in focus", "text": "MANGALORE: The closure of the five-decade-old Malar Government Primary School in Bantwal taluk in Dakshina Kannada district is leading to the formation of School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) network, which will fight for protection of 23 single-teacher government primary schools in the taluk.The members of the network will join hands with Dakshina Kannada district Right to Education Vigilance and Monitoring Committee to protect schools which are deprived of government benefits.Network co-ordinator Adiraj Jain told TOI that SDMCs of all the 23 single-teacher schools will join hands to fight government apathy. \"We will give a week's time to all BEOs to rectify the problems. We are ready to go to court if the schools are ignored,\" he said.Adiraj, who is also the president of Government Lower Primary School (Padoor in Bantwal taluk), said the school has only one teacher even though there are 35 students in classes I to V. A meeting of SDMC presidents of single-teacher schools, which will be held at Bantwal on July 28, will decide the future course of action, he added.RTE vigilance committee co-ordinator Renni D'Souza said the Right to Education Act is not being implemented properly in the taluk. \"It ensures free and compulsory education to all children, but Malar school, where only poor children were studying, has been closed due to apathy of the department. We want the school to be opened immediately. Poor children in remote villages should be given an opportunity to study there,\" he said, adding that more teachers should be appointed for single-teacher schools.SDMC of Malar school had filed a complaint to Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights to conduct an inquiry to find out the reason which led to the closure of the school, which had seven children. \"The rules mandate that there should be a government primary school for every 1km in villages. However, children, especially those belonging to poor SC/ ST families, are forced to walk about 2km every day to catch a bus to reach nearby schools in Mudipu or Salethoor, which are about 5km away,\" Renny added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15134707", "title": "Maya's cubs have nervous disorder", "text": "MYSORE: The three surviving African hunting cheetah cubs of Maya are suspected to have been afflicted with a rare disorder of the central nervous system.It is suspected that the cubs have Wallerian degeneration which happens when a nerve fibre is affected. The problem is that once the nerve cells die, they don't regenerate, zoo chief veterinarian Suresh Kumar told TOI. According to him, the cubs have displayed signs of ataxia.The zoo authorities have sent the details of the blood examination report to the US experts. The blood results are normal, sources said.The zoo has contacted Dr. Hope Katherine of Smithsonian National Zoo in Washington DC for expert advice as the US facility has exclusive cheetah conservation breeding project. She had sent a questionnaire seeking details like physiological features, eating habits and activities of the cubs. \"She suggested we contact Dr Scott Citino at White Oak Conservation Centre, who has extensive experience with cheetah cubs. We've reached him and are awaiting his reply,\" Suresh said.The cub that died on July 18 was found to have had secondary bacterial infection. Dr Hope has said that the cubs can be put on antibiotics and possibly do short steroid trials to see if that alleviates signs of ataxia. According to her, ataxia is not always fatal.The appetite of the three cubs is good and other organs are functioning normally. But since 15 days, two cubs are found to be weak in the hind limb. The third cub is good, but cannot stand for long. Raw fresh-dressed chicken is provided to them thrice a day along with boiled chicken meat with bone and plain chicken soup and oral mineral, vitamin, probiotic and amino acid supplementation. Following expert vet Dr Pampapathi's suggestion, the zoo will provide chicken twice a day only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15136380", "title": "Women feel sexiest when they're 28", "text": "LONDON: Women feel their sexiest at the age of 28, a new survey has found. According to the research, women may feel most sexy at 28, but their confidence peaks at the age of 32, with supportive friends and family acting as the biggest boost to their self-belief.The findings by a UK brand providing feminine hygiene products, focused on British women's attitudes towards being female, the Daily Mail reported.Researchers found that most women are happy with the shape of their figure including the size of their hips and waist at 28 years of age. Three quarters of British women said they would not change their body shape if they were given the opportunity.As many as 23% women feel that their 'eyes' are the best physical attribute. Twenty per cent opted for their breasts, with brains coming in third (13%).When asked which part of themselves they would change if they had to, 41% of women said they would like to have longer, slimmer legs. The study of 2,000 women found the typical woman now considers herself to have four good friends. As many as 19% chose Kate Middleton as the most inspiring female figure, followed by Florence Nightingale (17%) and Marilyn Monroe (15%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133745", "title": "Activists slam govt over delay in anti-corruption laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Campaign for People's Right to Information (NCPRI), led by Aruna Roy, on Tuesday expressed concern over the delay in bringing about legislation to tackle corruption. The move came a day before Team Anna begins its indefinite fast for investigation against 15 Union ministers, suggesting a two-pronged attack on the government in the coming days.In a statement, NCPRI said, \"It is a matter of great concern that the Lokpal and Lokayukta bill, the whistleblowers' protection bill, the grievance redress bill and the judicial accountability bill, which are key to strengthening transparency, accountability and responsiveness in governance, are being unduly delayed despite Parliament assuring the country of swift progress on these bills. The delay on these legislations betrays the commitment made to the people of the country.\"Activists, including Roy, Shekhar Singh, Nikhil Dey, Anjali Bhardwaj, Venkatesh Nayak, Angela Rangad and Ramakrishna Raju, demanded that the four bills be taken up in the forthcoming monsoon session of Parliament to provide a legal framework to effectively tackle corruption and redress peoples' grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134406", "title": "\u2018Prove charges or face action\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Making an emotional pitch to buy peace with the Opposition, embattled state PWD minister and NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal warned his detractors of legal action if attempts to drag him further into the Maharashtra Sadan controversy continue. \"Ten years ago, I filed a similar defamation case when my name was needlessly dragged into a controversy. At that time, I withdrew, but this time I will not take a step back. I have taken you on earlier, there is no reason why I can't do it again,\" Bhujbal thundered at the Opposition benches in the legislative assembly on Monday.Earlier in the day, the Opposition rallied against the treasury benches, accusing Bhujbal and his family of benefiting from the Maharashtra Sadan deal. Demanding a probe into the deal, BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis alleged that in return of work worth Rs 300 crore, the developer was handed over FSI potential worth Rs 3,000 cr. Fending off allegations of nepotism and corruption, Bhujbal said his family has a right to conduct a business in a lawful manner. \"My nephew and son or their business is in no way connected with this. One financer had financed the contractor, K S Chamankar. In turn, he had financed that financer. This has no connection with my family,\" he said.Last week, TOI had exposed how the PWD (ministry headed by Bhujbal) favoured a little-known contractor by awarding him a contract to build the Maharashtra Sadan guesthouse in Delhi and two public buildings in Mumbai without inviting tenders. Moreover, furniture for the new Maharashtra Sadan was procured from Ideen Furniture, owned by Vishakha Pankaj Bhujbal and Shefali Samir Bhujbal. They are married to the minister's son and nephew, respectively. \"The Opposition is trying to show some cross-transactions as proof of my family's involvement. They must stop this malicious campaign,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133303", "title": "No compulsory environment studies in HS", "text": "KOLKATA: The Higher Secondary Council is set to do away with Environmental Studies (EVS) from its curriculum from 2013. This will take the burden off the students from appearing in the 100-mark examination. The decision was taken in the wake of other central boards, including CISCE and CBSE, removing compulsory EVS from their syllabus.Instead, the HS council is planning to incorporate environment science as an elective subject. Till now, candidates appearing in HS were required to score 34 marks to pass in the subject. Any lower score would mean failing in the HS examination.\"We are looking at all opportunities to do away with the extra burden on students. The syllabus has been restructured. Other central boards have already done away with EVS. There is no reason why we should keep it in our syllabus. It adds to the pressure during exams since students have to spare considerable time for the subject. If they fail in EVS, their entire effort for achieveing good marks in other elective subjects will be wasted,\" said a senior HS Council official.There's another problem which has prompted members to re-think in keeping EVS as a mandatory subject. \"Calcutta University does not allow HS students to calculate EVS while counting the aggregate based on which admissions are granted. Only elective subjects are included. But, the students from other boards get an advantage since environment science is an elective subject in their boards. Hence, CU considers the score in EVS while calculating aggregate. The subject is scoring, hence applicants from other boards get a higher aggregate,\" the HS council member added.In the existing system, EVS is taught by teachers of other subjects and no teacher is recruited by schools to teach the subject separately. Of the 100 marks, 60 marks are allocated to projects which are evaluated by internal examiners. Students appear for an external examination for the remaining 40 marks. This exam is of one-hour duration. The question paper is set by the council. \"Schoolteachers reward full marks to students even if no projects are done. Since there is no option to judge the projects by external examiners, schools take the liberty,\" he said, adding that the purpose with which the Supreme Court had instructed the boards to start environmental science in schools has been marred. \"Hardly any awareness can be raised among students by teaching the subject in this manner.\"The proposal to do away with the subject was made by the school education department, which the HS council will now place before the executive council for a final nod.\"SC had said that components of the subject should be taught to children. They did not give instructions for any compulsory subject or a separate subject. Now, the components have been factored in other allied subjects,\" said Nabarun De, principal of Central Modern School, which is affiliated to CISCE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127726", "title": "Jharkhand signs MoU with World Bank for better healthcare facilities", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department on Tuesday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a wing of the World Bank , to improve healthcare delivery system in the state.The health department has appointed IFC as a consultant for developing 500-bed modern Sadar Hospital at Ranchi and diagnostic centres in all districts of the state. The MoU was signed by state health secretary K Vidyasagar and IFC director Lawrence Carter in the presence of health minister Hemlal Murmu .According to the MoU, the state government will provide $12,000 to the IFC for providing consultancy for the two projects. The IFC will draw the blueprint for development of the hospital along with a medical college and diagnostic centres in all the districts.\"The IFC has assured us to submit the blueprint within four months and complete the bidding process in another two months. If everything moves according to our plan, in the next six months we will have a state-of-the-art ultramodern hospital and medical college that will be operated on private public partnership (PPP) mode,\" said Murmu. The private partner will have to ensure adequately trained manpower including doctors and paramedical staff along with equipment.On the state government plans of the existing health centres, Murmu said the department would decide on them once the system proposed by the IFC would be implemented in Sadar hospital. \"Depending on the outcome, we will decide if we can also hand over the existing health centres on PPP model,\" said Murmu.The government is also working on a plan to instruct doctors for prescribing only generic medicines to patients in the state. \"In a state like Jharkhand , it is necessary that people get medicine at a minimum cost and to make this possible we are going to issue instruction to doctors practising in the state,\" Murmu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15133914", "title": "Workers bent on observing Unity Day despite curfew", "text": "GURGAON: Workers' unions in IMT Manesar are determined to observe \"Unity Day\" on Wednesday despite the district administration's imposition of Section 144 CrPC in the entire area of IMT Manesar and a 2km radius from the boundaries of IMT Manesar with immediate effect.These unions have been observing this day every year in memory of the Honda workers who were grievously injured in a police lathicharge on July 25, 2005. Section 144 has been invoked in the aftermath of the arson at MSIL on July 18.The unions claimed that the district administration has purposefully invoked this section so that they are not able to gather to show solidarity with their colleagues. With the union leaders insisting that they will gather outside the Honda plant on Wednesday afternoon despite the government ban, sources said that this could again lead to a conflict. They said last year saw 20,000 workers gathering at the Honda plant to observe the Unity Day.The deputy commissioner of Gurgaon has ordered that a gathering of five or more persons will not be allowed and carrying of weapons like firearms, swords, gandassas, lathis, barchchas, bhallas, jellies, knives and cycle-chains within the IMT Manesar will be treated as an offence. Moreover, taking out of any type of procession without prior permission of the administration has also been prohibited.\"We have been requesting the deputy commissioner to grant us permission to hold this gathering but he has not paid any attention whatsoever. This year the Unity Day attains greater significance due to the Maruti incident in which the police are arresting many workers. We have decided to gather outside the Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) plant on Wednesday regardless of what the order says. We are ready to face any subsequent action that might follow,\" said Harjeet Singh, general secretary, Honda union.The Maruti union at the Gurgaon plant too has pledged to be a part of the gathering.\"In the July 2005 incident many innocent workers were critically injured in the police lathicharge and we hold this gathering every year to show our solidarity with the workers\" said Kuldeep Jhagu, president, Maruti Kamgar Union. Jhagu was confident that there won't be any new trouble because of the gathering.\"Even though the district administration has not given us any written permission, it has verbally allowed us to gather, provided it is a peaceful gathering. While last year around 25,000 workers gathered, this time around the number could be less. There is a lot of trust deficit between the management and the workers and we want this to end,\" said Jhagu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137257", "title": "JW Marriott celebrates anniversary with music band EKA", "text": "Hosting a party purely at the mercy of a DJ is now headed for a challenge in the city. Fast emerging as an option to unwind, the party scene now is being peppered with live renditions by music bands.At the anniversary party of JW Marriott hotel recently, the packed do saw an electrifying performance by the band Eka. The band doled out a hearty mix of songs varying from Sufi, Bollywood and commercial to enthrall the audiences. Guests present there lauded the concept saying, \"It's certainly breaking the monotony of remix nights by a DJ.\" Eka band member Lokesh Madan, who's a vocalist and bassist, justifies, \"People look for variety.\" Yet another burgeoning craze is that of jugalbandis.Yet another joint to endorse live performances is Icon-A Boutique Hotel that hosts live events regularly. Dilsher Sukhija, general manager-cum-director adds, \"We have been getting a lot of singers including Jasleen, Sahil-Ipshita and Gurbaaz Mann. And the response has been great. Such events are mood lifting. A medley of soft, Sufi etc songs have a soothing impact on the mind. And it's different from a regular party night.\"Manish Goyal, director of S Lounge, says, \"We have had Hari-Sukhmani, emcee Sid, live percussionists in the past. Such sessions have an advantage as people can enjoy the relaxed ambiance as well as the company.\" Feeling that such activities have massive takers, Manish, who's aiming at extending this concept at his newly opened Satva Lounge also, adds, \"Hardcore clubbing and live acts are two separate barometers of a party circuit.\" Kava too holds such gigs.Even in the past they have had electronic fests with live singing along with electronic support. While many joints look at it as a weekly affair, The Blue Blazer has reserved two days for live performances. \"We had plans to have it for four days,\" says GM Bipul Kumar. \"From retro live on Thursdays, we have live performance on Friday at our fine dine Pewter Room. The idea goes very well and enhances the flavour of an outing,\" says Kumar. Says Vishal Bhasin, owner Books n Brew, \"Singers performing live enhance the flavour of the do. Our place has seen more than five such performances for which the response has been massive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134796", "title": "Rajak meets oil firms on free gas connection to BPL families", "text": "PATNA: Food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak held parleys with officials of various oil companies - Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum (HP) and Bharat Petroleum (BP) - at his official chamber on Tuesday and discussed the scheme of free gas connection to BPL families in villages.The scheme is expected to be started at the end of this month at the places where Rajiv Gandhi Rural LPG distributors exist. He said that in the first phase 25,000 BPL families would be benefitted by this scheme.The minister said that the BPL families would not have to pay Rs 1,250 for cylinder and Rs 150 security money for regulator. These families will have to pay for the gas only, he said.The officials of IOC said that the company had decided to add 252 new Rajiv Gandhi LPG distributors and tenders had already been floated for it. The IOC deputy general manager (DGM) said, \"Bottling is being done in Bihar. We have taken a decision to open more bottling plants in some cities and will also increase their capacities. A new bottling plant has been set up at Muzaffarpur,\" he said, adding the capacities of Patna and Purnia plants have been doubled.The DGM said that during the second phase the capacity of Barauni plant would be doubled by September. This would help the consumers in getting rid of their problems for gas cylinders, he added.Rajak said that interactive voice record system (IVRS) system, which is in operation in Patna, would also start functioning in Darbhanga, Muzaffarpur, Madhubani and Begusarai from the month of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132860", "title": "Now, garages under police scanner over vehicle thefts", "text": "NASHIK: In what might turn out to be a breakthrough in cracking vehicle theft especially two-wheelers, the city police have stumbled upon a major lead involving the sale of stolen vehicle spare parts to garage owners.On Friday, the police turned suspicious about a person, loitering near a canal at Vidi Kamgar nagar after parking his car nearby. When the car was searched, cops found the chassis of three motorcycles. In course of interrogation, the suspect Sandeep alias Ganesh Jagannath Gavli, said that he was about to dump the chassis in the canal. He confessed that he, alongwith his friends, stole bikes, dismantled them and sold spare parts at throwaway prices.Follwing Gavli's admission, Adgaon police personnel visited a garage at Bardhan Phata in the Gangapur area and seized spares of stolen motorbikes of various makes and models.DCP Sahebrao Patil said that on July 20, senior police inspector of the Adgaon police station, Subhash Daule had set up a nakabandi to track certain criminals in his jurisdiction.At around 11.30 pm, his team found Gavli's Esteem at the Vidhi Kamgaar Nagar canal. The number plates of the chassis found inside the care had been erased.Gavli, who is a resident of Jijamata Colony, Varad Vinayak Society, Shivaji Nagar, admitted to have stolen two bikes from the Adgaon area. He also confessed that two of his friends, Imraan and Rameshwar Vikhe, used to bring many stolen vehicles to his garage at Maun Giri Baba in Bardan Phata. Gavli explained that his first job was to remove the number plates and erase the chassis number of engine numberand later dismantle the vehicles to sell their spare parts.Subsequently, the police recovered spares worth Rs 8,000 of a Hero Honda Passion Plus, owned by Sahebrao Morade, whose public distribution system (PDS) card and other documents were also recovered, spare parts worth Rs 5,000 of a Suzuki bike, an Activa scooter, whose number plate had been removed while the chassis number was damaged, along with two other motorcycles that were also seized. The police recovered spare parts of many other vehicles from the garage.Patil said that in the past, too, cops had come across two such incidents of bike chassis been dumped. Such instances had occurred in the jurisdiction of the Bhadrakali and Panchavati police. According to the modus operando, that cops have now unearthed the vehicles were immediately dismantled after the theft and spares were in turn sold to garage owners.Given that on a daily basis, at least two or three bikes were stolen on average, when asked if the business of spares was flourishing,DCP Patil said that while ruling out that not all vehicles were dismantled for selling spares, he maintained that going forward the police would keep an eye on big garages to check if they were gateways for the sales of spares of stolen vehicles. He also said that the vehicle stock and accessory inventory at these establishments would be hecked regularly.The police have arrested Sandeep Gavli. His accomplices, Vikhe and Imraan, remain absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15135047", "title": "Lack of planning by state power corporation behind power tariff spiral: Industry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Poor functioning of Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd is being blamed by the industry in the state for the spiraling power tariff, even as power generation has not increased in consonance with the need of the hour.\"It is lack of planning by officers running the PSPCL, which is pushing the power companies to the brink of bankruptcy,\" said Badish Jindal, president of Federation of Punjab Small Scale Industries.A glance at the statistics of PSPCL five years ago, compared to the current fiscal year, is revealing. In 2007-08, Punjab State Electricity Regulatory Commission-approved generation of power by thermal plants was to the tune of 14,389 million units (MU), by hydro power plants 4,059 MU, share of BBMB was 4,358 MU, cost of employees was Rs 1,665 crore and interest on loans was Rs 693 crore.However, in 2012-13 PSPCL got approved generation by thermal plants at 18,229 MU, generation from hydro power plants at 3,902 MU, share from BBMB at 4,210 MU, cost of employees was Rs 3,340 crore and interest on loans was Rs 1,580 crore.This clearly indicates that while increase in power generation registered a 15% growth, the expense side growth was over 109%. \"Industry firmly believes that this is the main reason for increase in power tariff. The cost of power to small industries in 2007-08 was 337 paise whereas it is 510 paise now, an increase of 52%,\" said Jindal.Significantly, PSPCL was purchasing power in 2007-08 at 302 paise per unit whereas the purchase price of power for PSPCL is almost same currently at 304 paise per unit. PSPCL purchased 12,865 MU in 2007-08 at Rs 3,891 crore while for 2012-13, it plans to procure 17,151 MUs for Rs 5,110 crore. This means that price of power at national level is constant for the last five years, whereas it increased by 52% in Punjab.As against this, the fuel cost increased from 101 paise in 2007-08 to just 136 paise per unit in 2012-13.PSPCL's total loans in 2007-08, excluding government and working capital loans, were Rs 6,406 crore, which have now increased to Rs 8,662 crore. The state of affairs at PSPCL is also likely to affect the health of state government as the subsidy bill of state government has increased from Rs 2,548 crore to Rs 5,784 crore in the last five years, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15130204", "title": "SP does hasty flip-flop after Akhilesh backs FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said foreign direct investment (FDI) in the multi-brand retail sector was welcome as long as the interests of farmers and small traders were protected.His comments caused ripples as they seemed to be out of line with his father and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's stiff opposition to the move.\"All states want investment but farmers' issues should be addressed. Farmers and small traders should not lose out,\" he said at the FICCI's Ladies Organization. \"No one can close retail, and cash-and-carry outlets are running in UP. But our manufacturing is not strong and FDI in retail will be more damaging,\" he added.But shortly after Akhilesh's comments, there was a swift clarification from senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav who said his party was opposed to FDI in multi-brand retail and would not implement it in Uttar Pradesh even if the Centre went ahead with its plan.\"Our party president Mulayam Singh Yadav and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have already made it clear that we are against FDI in retail as its hits the interests of small farmers and traders,\" Yadav told reporters.\"Even if central government approves FDI in retail, we will not implement it in UP,\" he added.On Sunday, Mulayam had joined ranks with top communist party leaders and had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urging him not to proceed with the move to open up the multi-brand retail sector to foreign investment as some states were opposed to the move and there was lack of consensus on the issue.The letter had said the entry of MNC supermarket and hypermarket chains would cause severe displacement of small and unorganized shopkeepers and traders.\"We urge the government not to open up the retail trade to FDI any further. Political parties across the spectrum are opposed to this move. Many state governments have also stated their opposition,\" the letter signed by Mulayam and senior communist part leaders including CPM general secretary Prakash Karat had cautioned.The UPA government has been trying to revive the decision to allow 51% foreign investment in the multi-brand retail sector in a move aimed at boosting sentiment and attracting investment.The government had put on hold the decision to open up the multi-brand retail sector after stiff opposition from Trinamool Congress boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .The SP's stand on the issue is crucial for the government as it plots the opening up of the sector. The party provides outside support to the UPA government but any tacit support to the plan to allow foreign retailers in the multi-brand sector would be welcomed by the government which is trying hard to revive investor sentiment.The government has held extensive consultations with state governments, farmers groups and other stakeholders to thrash out a consensus.The Centre will leave it to individual states to implement the decision to allow foreign retailers in the multi-brand segment. The government has said that there are states which want to implement while others have some reservations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chirang/ kokrajhar", "code": "15134887", "title": "Assam ethnic riots: 4 killed in Kokrajhar police firing", "text": "CHIRANG/ KOKRAJHAR: A downpour almost through the day brought down the July heat significantly in Kokrajhar district on Tuesday, but failed to douse the wave of ethnic violence over the last five days. The death toll increased to 24, with four people killed in police firing on Tuesday. \"As of Tuesday, the death toll in Kokrajhar district has touched 15, while there have been five casualties in Chirang,\" BTC inspector general of police, S N Singh said.With shoot-at-sight orders and an indefinite curfew in force, Kokrajhar town, one of the important trade hubs in lower Assam , seemed like a ghost town with few people, barring frequent movement of VIP vehicles, venturing out. Situation is similar in Kajalgaon, the district headquarters of Chirang district. Both the districts are under the administration of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC).Four persons were killed in Kokrajhar's Gossaigoan and Srirampur areas, along the Assam-West Bengal border, when security forces fired at them on Tuesday. Sources said the four killed were thieves trying to steal cattle from the abandoned villages. Rampaging mobs continued to set fire to houses in several villages in the two districts, triggering a mass exodus of people to relief camps and safer locations. Over 60 villages belonging to both the Bodo and minority communities have been gutted in Kokrajhar and Chirang .Officials said that 70,000 people have been affected by the violence and about 50 relief camps have been opened to shelter those fleeing their villages. Both Bodo tribals and Muslims have fled their villages fearing attacks and are taking shelter in these camps. Earlier, on Monday, some incidents of violence were reported from Dhubri district bordering Kokrajhar during a bandh called by minority students. However, there were no reports of clashes from Dhubri on Tuesday.Even as Bodos and religious minority communities are the most affected, other ethnic groups are increasingly worried as the violence has been spreading since Friday. People of Koch Rajbongshi community of Machpara village on the bank of the Gaurang river in Kokrajhar, are in grip of fear since the villages on the opposite bank were set ablaze on Monday. Strength of paramilitary forces has been increased to 24 from 14 companies in Kokrajhar and 10 from four in Chirang. The two districts cover an area of about 6,000 sq km and have a population of about 15 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130272", "title": "Cubs give birth to a new gene pool", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five new cubs, born in the last one year, may provide a shield against weakening genes of Gujarat's Gir lions. At a time when experts say that inbreeding has weakened the unique wild cat's genetic structure, the cubs, born at the Rampara Virdi centre, have given birth to a separate gene pool.Two pairs of lions from completely different areas were captured and brought to Rampara to ensure that the genes differed. \"If the lioness was from Sasan, the lion would be from a far off area of Tulsishyam or even Bhavnagar,\" a forest officer told TOI.B B Limbasia, deputy conservator of forests, said, \"Eight cubs were born to the pairs of which one died and two have infections and are being treated at the Sakkarbaugh zoo in Junagadh.\"Among concerns raised by experts, a study by Stephen J O'Brien, chief of the Laboratory of Viral Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Institute in Maryland, revealed, \"A limited sample of Gir lion from Sakarbaugh zoo revealed high levels of spermatozoal abnormalities. These results affirm the hypothesis that genetic diminishment of natural population may have unfavourable physiological effect such as increased spermatozoal abnormalities.\"Experts say inbreeding and loss of genetic variation decreases the ability of wild populations to adapt to climatic changes and makes them vulnerable to new diseases, parasites and pollutants.Officials said the success of Rampara has virtually defeated the purpose of shifting the lions to Kuno-Palpur in Madhya Pradesh. MP had based its petition on the need for a separate gene pool. Rampara is far away from the original home.Creation of new gene pool also eases the burden on Gir sanctuary. The protected area has around 300-odd lions, but has a capacity for just 280-odd lions.Times ViewEvery possible measure should be taken to preserve the Asiatic lion, given that Gujarat is the only home of this unique species in the world. The support of the people has so far ensured that the wild cat prospers in the state, but inbreeding is a major threat which is weakening its genetic structure and making it vulnerable to biological disorders and epidemics. A separate gene pool of the lion would not only ensure healthier animals, but protect it against catastrophic diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15134846", "title": "Stage set for Supreme Court-government slugfest in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's supreme court on Tuesday rejected the government's request to review a directive to the PM to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari , setting the stage for a fresh slugfest between the executive and the judiciary.A day before the expiry of a deadline set by the apex court for reviving corruption cases in Switzerland against Zardari, the government informed the court that the federal cabinet has made no decision to approach Swiss authorities to reopen the cases.The government conveyed its position in a reply submitted to the supreme court registrar's office by attorney general Irfan Qadir. It said the PM follows the decisions of the cabinet, which has not advised him to write to Swiss authorities to revive the cases.The government further said the option of initiating contempt of court proceedings against the PM for not acting on the apex court's order had ended with the passage of the new Contempt of Court Act. The new law protects top government functionaries from contempt for their executive actions.The government also asked the court to review its order directing the PM to reopen the corruption cases in Switzerland. The registrar's office returned the reply with objections to the requests made by the government.The court said that instead of submitting a miscellaneous application, the government should have filed a petition to review its orders.A five-judge bench headed by justice Asif Saeed Khan Khosa will resume hearing the case on Wednesday and observers said the government's response could increase tensions between the judiciary and the government.On July 12, the apex court had directed Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to comply with its order to revive the corruption cases against Zardari by July 25. It had warned that if the PM failed to act, the court might \"initiate any appropriate action under the constitution and the law\".The same case had cost Ashraf's predecessor, Yousaf Raza Gilani , his job. Gilani was convicted of contempt in April after he refused to act on the apex court's orders to reopen the graft cases.A bench headed by chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry subsequently disqualified Gilani for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133510", "title": "22,000 taxis to go off Kolkata road today", "text": "KOLKATA: If you depend of taxis to commute within the city, be prepared to hop on to autos, buses or the Metro. There will hardly be any taxis on the road on Wednesday following a strike call by Bengal Taxi Association (BTA), which controls 22,000 out of 35,000 taxis that ply in the city. For others, however, it will mean snarl-free streets on Wednesday.With BTA going ahead with the 24-hour strike demanding a fare hike, transport minister Madan Mitra on Tuesday made last-ditch attempts to ensure that cabs aligned to rival association stay on road on Wednesday. Calcutta Taxi Association secretary Tarak Nath Bari, who assured Mitra that its cabs would hit the roads, claimed the minister had promised to take care of their woes within a month.\"We are giving the government some more time to fulfill our demands. We have asked for permission to place advertisements on taxis, allow lunch breaks for drivers and hike fares,\" Bari said. Progressive Taximen's Union and Calcutta Metropolitan Taxi Drivers' Union have also promised to keep taxis on the road.Iterating the demand for higher fare, BTA general secretary Bimal Guha said the government also needed to ensure an end to police atrocities on drivers. \"We had called a 48-hour strike, but since this is the holy month of Ramzan, we have reduced the stir to 24 hours,\" Guha said.Unable to prevent the strike, the minister dubbed it as a \"CPM conspiracy to force the state government into a difficult situation\". Mitra claimed he had prior information about attempts to ransack taxis that plied on Wednesday. \"Let me warn the troublemakers that any violence will be dealt with sternly. The government won't tolerate any attack on taxis or passengers,\" Mitra said.Mitra had earlier argued that fare hike would not solve the problem. \"Unfortunately, operators are not showing patience. I cannot change the situation overnight. We have asked them to refrain from strikes,\" he said, adding that the government was working on a revenue model that would make the transport system viable for both operators and commuters.During the day, ministers Amit Mitra, Madan Mitra, Partha Chatterjee and Manish Gupta held a meeting, the first by the group that had been formed by the CM to coordinate and work out feasible models for the transport sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127592", "title": "Jharkhand police' campaign for safe internet surfing begins", "text": "RANCHI: As more and more students are falling prey to cyber crimes, the Cyber Defence and Research Centre (CDRC) of Jharkhand police has decided to make young netizens alert to the hidden threat.Director general of Jharkhand police G S Rath on Tuesday launched e-raksha campaign at Delhi Public School. The campaign spearheaded by the CDRC will sensitize the students in the state.\"The exposure of the netizens, especially the youngsters, to cyber threat requires urgent attention. The number of internet users from Jharkhand has grown up and thus the state needs a sensitization campaign,\" said the DGP.Asking the students to use internet judiciously and in accordance to the suggested guidelines, Rath said cyber crime was one of the most challenging crimes that our generation was facing today.The DCRC will take the campaign to district level. \"The programme has been started on Tuesday. It will go to the length and breadth of the state through schools,\" said IG special branch S N Pradhan, the chief coordinator of the programme.\"Students need to protect their cyber identity as seriously as they protect their personal identity,\" said a cyber expert.They are using internet casually as if there is no danger. \"The truth is that once you put something on the internet, it becomes open to exploitation and can be exploited any time,\" said Pradhan.A group of DCRC experts taught students how to use internet properly, how to create safe passwords, and how to protect one from hackers. Over 250 students of different classes participated in the workshop that was also attended by 70 parents and 30 teachers.DPS principal G Mohanty said schools should conduct such workshops to make the students, most of whom have cyber identity, safe. \"I will periodically organize such workshops to sensitize the students,\" he added. An interaction session was held with students as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15134542", "title": "Farmers complain of official apathy while procuring alluvial silt", "text": "MADURAI: Farmers in Madurai district are caught in a dicey situation as they are not able to afford chemical fertilisers due to the soaring prices. Adding to their woes is the difficulty in procuring alluvial silt from tanks, which can be used as a rich organic fertiliser. During the farmers grievance redressal day held recently, farmers vented their problems, accusing the officials for making them run from pillar-to-post in getting permission for alluvial soil. They charged that at the same time, realtors and contractors seemed to be getting loads of soil from tanks without any difficulty.V Rajamanickam, a farmer from Vellaripatti claimed that realtors in the area would take soil from the Malayalathanpatti tank, but when the farmers demanded alluvial soil for their lands, officials of the public works department (PWD) denied them the same stating that they should get permission from mines department. \"It is sufficient to provide our land documents and survey number to the PWD assistant engineer who can issue permission. But at present, the officials make us run from pillar-to-post stating various reasons to get the alluvial silt, though the realtors seem to be getting permissions in a matter of seconds,\" he charged. Many farmers from Kambur, Kesavanpatti, Chittampatti and Kottampatti also came out with the same complaints that they are not able to get the alluvial silt for natural fertilisers.A N M Thiruppathi, another farmer from Kulamangalam said that they used to collect alluvial soil during the summer months for their fields and there was not much difficulty few years back, but now it has become a big deal due to official indifference. \"While taking the soil, we should ensure that we don't dig near the banks and below three feet, not disturbing the still level. However, the tanks are being destroyed as they are mined many feet deep by the soil miners and the water is not flowing through weirs for irrigation,\" he pointed out.Farmers claim that the alluvial soil is very rich with nutrients that can increase the yield. \"Alluvial soil can be best substituted for DAP fertiliser and it's a natural fertiliser. It is very unfortunate that we are not able to afford the racketeering prices of chemical fertilisers, and we are not able to substitute them with natural fertiliser like alluvial soil due to the apathy of the officials,\" Rajamanickam rued.District collector, Anshul Mishra had assured the farmers that he would look into the issue and asked the mining department to collect all the details of the tanks where mining activities are going on. He also warned legal measures against the parties who have violated the norms and mined the tanks below one metre depth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15134009", "title": "'Tarun Bharat'editor summoned to Karnataka assembly", "text": "BANGALORE: Speaker KG Bopaiah has ordered Kiran Thakur, editor of Belgaumbased Marathi daily 'Tarun Bharat', to appear before the assembly without fail on June 30.He has been asked to apologize in connection with the 'breach of privilege' notice given by two Belgaum district MLAs Abhay Patil and SB Ghatage.The MLAs had complained to the speaker and submitted documents that the newspaper was using their names and making unwanted remarks against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134338", "title": "Claimant to Pandya riches gets 3-mth jail", "text": "CHENNAI: In a sensational turn of events in the battle over the Pandya dynasty's riches, the Madras high court on Tuesday awarded three-month jail term to a claimant for contempt of court. The court also imposed a fine of 50,000 each on the claimant, N Jagannathan, and his counsel V Chockalingam.A division bench, comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy, however, suspended the jail term alone for a period of one week after it was informed that Jagannathan was a \"sick person\", but said that the fine must be paid within a week.Jagannathan claims to possess a will executed in his favour by the then zamindar of Sivagiri estate, Varaguna Rama Pandiya Chinnathambiar, on May 16, 1992. Sivagiri estate is a remnant of the ancient Pandya empire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133910", "title": "Lokayukta appointment: Government may seek more time", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite a rap from the high court, Karnataka government seems to be no hurry to appoint the Lokayukta. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who reportedly met the Karnataka HC chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday to discuss the issue, has decided to make an appeal to the high court to grant more time by citing a pending appeal in the Supreme Court.In a reply to Congress member TB Jayachandra during zero hour in the assembly on Tuesday, law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said: \"There is no ulterior motive behind the delay in the appointment of the Lokayukta.We are waiting for the SC judgment on our appeal seeking its guidance on the appointment.We'll take it up on a priority basis soon after the apex court delivers its verdict.\" Earlier, Congress alleged that the government has been deliberately delaying the appointment of the Lokayukta fearing more more arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132833", "title": "Ex-corporator in dock for hacking trees", "text": "NASHIK: Branches of an ancient banyan and Indian fig trees, located near an office close to Ekmukhi Datta Mandir, on the banks of the Godavari, were cut without permission from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), on Sunday.The environment wing of Nationalist Youth Congress stopped the trimming and filed a complaint at Sarkarwada police station against a former corporator who was allegedly responsible for getting the branches trimmed.Regional coordinator of the environment wing of the Nationalist Youth Congress, Rahul Bagmar, stopped the activity trimming of the branches near Ekmukhi Datta Mandirupon learning about it. Bagmar said that he alkong with some of his volunteers went to the control room and took the police with them to put an end to the illegal activity.\"By the time we reached the spot nearly 30% of the branches had already been were already cut. The branches were very sturdy. The labourers cutting the tree did not have the permission from the municipal corporation to do so,\" said Chaitanya Kavre, divisional president of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). \"I went there as a citizen to question the illegal trimming of the tree. The procedure to trim or cut a tree involves submitting an application to the NCM, that is followed by a notice being published which asks for objections from citizens within a specific time frame. A hearing is conducted thereafter and only if the officer feels that the hackning is merited does he or she grant the permission to cut down the tree. This procedure is applicable to trees growing within private premises also. Moreoever in this instance both, banyan and Indian fig, are scheduled plant species and should be preserved, instead of being trimmed,\" Kavre added.He said that he had taken the police along with him to stop the trimming and has submitted an application to the Sarkarwada police station to register an offence against the president of the karyalaya. \"The police did not agree to file a first information report (FIR) so we have just given an application to take action and have submitted copies of the application to the CM, the deputy CM, ministry of forests, guardian minister (Nashik), the mayor and municipal commissioner. If no action is taken against those responsible for trimming the trees without permission, we will file a public interest litigation,\" said Kavre.Former corporator Vijay Sane, who is the chairman of Chithpaavan Mangal Karyalaya said that the branches of the tree located at the Datta Mandir, were leaning on the gallery of the Karyalaya and would have fallen on anyone passing from there. \"It was dangerous so I got them cut. I was a corporator since the past 15 and have planted many trees,\" he said.Initially he said that it was not necessary to seek permission to trim branches of trees but later said that they had stopped the trimming at present and would resume the trimming after seeking permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135073", "title": "City bids tearful adieu to Lakshmi Sahgal", "text": "KANPUR: The city gave its final salute to veteran leader and Captain of Subhash Chandra Bose's INA (Indian National Army), Lakshmi Sahgal, who died at a City hospital on Monday due to cardiac arrest, at her ancestral place in Mcrobertsganj area here on Tuesday morning.Followers and party workers thronged the sprawling bungalow in Mcrobertsganj, after her body draped in a national flag was brought from the hospital. At around 12 pm, the body was taken to Ganesh Shanker Vidhyarthi Memorial Medical College where mourners paid their last respects.On Monday soon after her demise, her daughter Subhashini Ali other leaders and family members took Captain Sahgal's body from the hospital to her ancestral place in Mcrobertsganj area, where a number of people had a last glimpse of the beloved leader.\"Her body and eyes have been donated to GSVM Medical College for medical research as per his wish,\" informed Subhashini Ali, daughter of Captain Sahgal.Sahgal suffered cardiac arrest on the morning of July 19, which was followed by a brain stroke from which she could never recover. She breathed her last at around 11.20 am on Monday morning.The loud slogans by schoolchildren -- 'Red Salute to Comrade Lakshmi Sahgal' and `Lakshmi Sahgal Amar Rahe' -- besides demanding `Bharat Ratna' for her posthumously, and addressing her as `Tyag Ki Pratimurti', reverberated the atmosphere. The final farewell was given to Sahgal at the GSVM Medical College, with full honour, while the crowd raised slogans like \"Long Live Captain Sahgal.\"Earlier, police jawans gave guard of honour and saluted the departed soul in Mcrobertsganj that left many eyes moist. This brought an end to about 97 years long, extraordinarily eventful and impressive political and social life of Captain Sahgal.Subhashini Ali, Brinda Karat and her grandson Shaad Ali later draped a Red flag on Sahgal's body.Sahgal's colleague Manavati Arya, who was a member of the India Independence League and later joined the INA in an administrative capacity, reached her ancestral house in Mcrobertsganj and paid tributes to her beloved friend.Leaders of numerous political parties, Salil Vishnoi, Satish Mahana and Ravindra Patni from BJP besides a noted writer and novelist Giriraj Kishore also paid floral tributes to the departed leader.During the entire procession, long queues of schoolchildren and college students could be seen who came to pay their homage to the departed leader. Communist workers from across the city and nearby districts joined the procession, while raising loud slogans all the time. This continued from about 9 am to 12 pm, i.e., for nearly four hours till it reached GSVM medical college.Captain Sahgal's last journey started from Mcrobertsganj area at around 9 am amid loud slogans, when her body was kept in an open vehicle, decorated with red banners, flags and flowers, and carrying huge portraits of the departed leader.Her two daughters Subhashini Ali and Anisa Puri, her grandchildren Shaad Ali, Neha and Nishant Puri besides senior Communist leaders, including Sitaram Yechuri and Brinda Karat accompanied the procession.Noted film-maker Muzaffar Ali and Union minister Vylar Ravi also reached the city and paid floral tributes to the departed soul.Red flags adorned the vehicle in which the body was kept. Captain Sahgal's daughters, family members and Muzaffar Ali were present near the body in the vehicle.Speaking to TOI, Muzaffar Ali said: \"Lakshmi Sahgal was a lady full of valour. When it was dream for any woman of leading movements, she came forward and devoted herself for the cause of underprivileged.\"Thousands of people, apart from Communist leaders, moved with the body in the long procession. Many of them carried party flags and banners or the late freedom fighter's portraits. Members of Yug Dadhichi Dehdan Abhiyaan with banners and posters were also present on the occasion.Many who could not reach Mcrobertsganj, directly joined the procession.Having left Mcrobertsganj, the procession moved through Lal Imli, Chunniganj, Bajaria, Eidgah, Swaroop Nagar and Motijheel, to reach the Ganesh Shanker Vidhyarthi Memorial Medical College.A large number of people were present on the roofs and balconies on both sides of the route, to have a last glimpse of the leader who had played a vital role in the country's independence movement. Mourners with bouquets and garlands also gathered in front of GSVM medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134141", "title": "Civil contractor arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police has on Sunday evening arrested civil contractor Manish Shriram for purchasing a firearm and ammunition. With this the number of arrests in bomb hurl and extortion case has gone to four. The four persons have been remanded to police custody till July 27. The racketeers, held in the case, had been threatening businessmen Sunil Jejani for Rs10 lakh as protection money.Shriram had learnt to have purchased a pistol and eight live cartridges for Rs one lakhs from accused Sunil Yadav who has been earlier arrested for extortion and hurling bomb at the residence of industrialist Sunil Jejani who resided at Ghat Road earlier this month. Yadav was arrested after police had managed to nab mastermind Ravindra Devangan. Later the cops had netted Shamshuddin Shah from Uttar Pradesh. Two firearms, 56 cartridges and gunpowder pouches were already seized from Devangan and Yadav. Police has now recovered the firearm and cartridges from Shriram too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132766", "title": "Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association polls hit a snag", "text": "NASHIK: The election process to elect a new body of the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has hit a snag as both candidates in the fray for the post of president have withdrawn their candidature.With no candidate in the fray for the opost of president post, the decision to appoint a new president has been left to the new elected members who would declare it at their first meeting in the first week of August.The unusual situation arose after sitting NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and the sitting vice-president Kishor Rathi, who had filed their nominations for the post of NIMA president, withdrew their nominations on the last day of withdrawal of nominations on Monday.The terms of the sitting AIMA president Dhananjay Bele and executive committee members are ending on July 31. Accordingly, the procedure for the biennial elections for the industrial association has begun.The elections is to be held for the 35-member executive committee, including the post of president, which had been scheduled for July 29.Around 83 candidates had filed their nominations for all 35 posts for the executive committee. Of 83 candidates, 51 withdrew their nominations. With 32 nominations, contestants on 32 posts have been left unopposed in the fray. While the decision for the 3 posts of president, additional vice-president and executive committee member, is to be assumed by new members in the first week of August.The 32 candidates, who are left unopposed in the poll fray, include Kishor Rathi for Vice-president (large scale), Manish Kothari-Vice-president (small scale), Mangesh Patankar-general secretary, C S K Mehta-secretary (large scale), Milind Chincholikar-secretary (small scale), Ashish Nahar- Additional Secretary (Sinnar) and Pradeep Boob for treasurer. The other candidates, who are left unopposed for the posts of executive committee members, include Vijay Kumar Gupta, Gajkumar Gandhi, Shailesh Narkhede, Satish Kothari, Laxminarayan Kalantri, Balasaheb Jadhav, Venus Wani, Viral Thakker, Rajendra Vadnere, Shashikant Jadhav, Sameer Patwa, Mangesh Kathe, Vaibhav Joshi, Shrikant Navandar, Milind Rajput, Rajendra Chhajed, Atul Champanerkar, Harshad Bahmankar, Milind Vaidya, Sunil K Bagul, Narayan Patil, Sudhir Badgujar and Kiran Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15129863", "title": "Corporator MR Prashanth Reddy booked", "text": "HYDERABAD: A dispute over the extension of a park in Lakshminagar colony in Saidabad took an ugly turn with both warring parties lodging police complaints against each other. Police booked a case under the SC/ ST Atrocities Act against TDP IS Sadan division corporator MR Prashanth Reddy on Tuesday.On Monday, while the extension work was going on, BJP leader Sangodhi Parmesh Kumar arrived on the scene with his followers and raised objections. He said that he was not taken into confidence and asked the corporator to stop the work.The two leaders and their followers started fighting. Police reached the spot and arrested the BJP leader. Parmesh Kumar later lodged a complaint against the corporator alleging that he abused him in the name of his caste. Reddy in his counter complaint said that he was assaulted by Kumar and his followers.\"We received two complaints and the matter is before senior officers. We have heard that the two parties may have reached some understanding,\" Saidabad inspector A Srinivasulu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135158", "title": "Construction of alternate wall begins at Gurudwara", "text": "INDORE: Following talks between the administration and the Gurudwara committee members, the work on removal of a portion of Gurudwara began here on Tuesday. Indore Development Authority (IDA) will first construct a wall inside the premises and an alternate entry gate, following which boundary wall of Gurudwara from AB Road side will be removed.An IDA official said that they have started removing the tiles and other structure from premises of Gurudwara so that a wall can be constructed 20 feet away from the existing boundary wall. IDA will also construct an alternate entry gate for the Gurudwara from the nullah side. Right now, the entry gate faces towards AB Road.A committee member of Gurudwara said that they had agreed to part with the land for the BRTS on the condition that the authority concerned will construct a new boundary wall and an alternate gate.The new boundary wall will have iron grill so that people passing through AB road can see inside the Gurudwara. IDA will also construct a concrete slab over nullah for the parking of Gurudawara.Project manager of BRTS, Md Makarani said that talks are on for the removal of remaining obstacles coming in the way of the project. Owners of Patel Motors have almost agreed to part with their land and announcement in this regard can be made in next few days.\"Meeting with the committee member of Chhoti Khajarani Mosque is scheduled for July 26 and we are expecting a positive outcome,' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderbad", "code": "15130291", "title": "Congress accuses CM Kiran Kumar Reddy of playing anti-Telangan card", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERBAD: Congress MPs from Telangana on Tuesday accused chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy of fomenting anti-Telangana programmes in the region by providing unprecedented security cover to YSR Congress leader YS Vijayamma during her one-day visit to Sircilla on Monday.\"Instead of denying permission to Vijayamma to visit Sircilla, the CM ensured that she was provided massive security. Where was the 'Cheneta Deeksha'? Vijayamma did not sit for even an hour in Sircilla. All she did was to criticise the Congress government and praise the YSR regime. The Congress high command should immediately take note of what is happening in the state,\" MPs V Hanumantha Rao, Madhu Yashki, Manda Jagannadham, Ponnam Prabhakar, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, G Vivekananda, S Rajaiah and former state minister G Vinod told the media here on Tuesday.The MPs also met AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and complained about the 'anti-T' stance of the CM. And in a direct challenge to Kiran Kumar, the parliamentarians said they would undertake a visit to Pulivendula and fight for social justice there, and wanted the CM to provide them a similar security. \"In YSR's hometown, SCs and BCs have not been allowed to vote for decades. We have received complaints from many villages that people of lower castes in Pulivendula have not been able to cast vote in the elections.Therefore, we want to take out a social justice yatra in support of these disenfranchised people,\" said Hanumantha Rao.According to the MP, anticipating a law and order problem, Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit had denied permission to activist Anna Hazare to hold a rally in Delhi. Similarly, the CM should not have permitted Vijayamma to enter the town, the MPs said.The MPs alleged that Vijayamma used the plight of the weavers to launch her party in the T-region with an 'ulterior motive'.There are dozens of villages around Pulivendula and elsewhere in Kadapa district where weavers live in thousands. Why didn't Vijayamma take up the 'Cheneta Deeksha' in these villages if she really wanted to understand the problems of weavers, they asked.Rao said the date of his Pulivendula social justice yatra would be announced later and a letter would be written to the CM seeking security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129368", "title": "Corporators should 'introspect', behave in House, says mayor", "text": "PUNE: Annoyed with the pandemonium that ensued during the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) general body (GB) meeting, Mayor Vaishali Bankar on Tuesday asked elected members to \"introspect\" and improve their behaviour in the House.After the meeting started, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporators had jumped into the well of the House demanding that the administration register a police case against NCP MLC Anil Bhosale for threatening additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure. At the same time, NCP corporators opposed the same. Later, the House was disrupted again over outsourcing of conservancy services.\"It seems that we are in a fish market. People have elected you all to represent their issues in the GB meeting. You all should introspect. Cooperate with me to conduct the House. This is not the way to behave,\" said Bankar.Amidst the meyhem, MNS corporator Rupali Thombare-Patil and other MNS corporators took away the mayor's mace. Leader of the house Subhash Jagtap ran after them and retrieved the mace.The meeting, which has the plenary powers to decide on civic issues, is repeatedly adjourned because of the corporators' unruly behavior. Every month, barely three or four GB meetings are held. One or two usually get postponed either to pay condolences to someone or for reasons like a wedding of a politician's relative or a visit from the high command. During the remaining meetings, a few matters on the agenda are approved, while the rest are deferred to the next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15134977", "title": "PM pledges help in restoring peace", "text": "GUWAHATI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday stepped in to defuse the volatile situation that's arisen from the ethnic clash in the Bodo Territorial Areas District (BTAD) and assured chief minister Tarun Gogoi all required help, including Army and additional security forces.Additional central paramilitary forces from different parts of the country are also on their way to troubled areas. The MHA has assured the state government deployment of the Army if the state government requires it.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said, \"This a matter of great concern and we are taking it seriously. There was a simmering discontent, which has turned into violence.\"State home department principal secretary G D Tripathy said, \"We are getting more forces. Over 70,000 people belonging to both the communities have been affected in the spate of violence so far. The situation is still tense but under control,\" Tripathy said. There are 40 companies of police and paramilitary forces deployed in Kokrajhar and Chirang at present.The chief minister's office stated that the Prime Minister called up the chief minister in the morning and took stock of the situation. Later, defence minister A K Anthony and home minister P Chidambaram also called up Gogoi.\"The chief minister also had a telephonic discussion with the home secretary and the defence secretary and both of them have assured to send more paramilitary forces and deploy the Army if required,\" the chief minister's office said. Eighteen companies of paramilitary forces have so far been deployed in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts.State government spokesman and agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, who is in Kokrajhar, said, \"There are no reports of any escalation of violence except some incidents of burning of abandoned villages by miscreants.\"Police and intelligence agencies are yet to ascertain the root cause of the current clash. So far, there is no evidence of involvement of Bodo militants in the clash, but while one section is pointing fingers at the ex-Bodo Liberation Tigers, another section suspects the National Democratic Front of Bodoland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15134716", "title": "US award for 4 young Indian-origin scientists", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has named four Indian-American scientists among 96 researchers as recipients of the prestigious Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers.The awards bestowed on Sridevi Vedula Sarma, Pawan Sinha, Parag A Pathak and Biju Parekkadan is the highest honour given by the US government to science and engineering professionals in early stages of their independent research careers.\"Discoveries in science and technology not only strengthen our economy, they inspire us as a people,\" Obama said. \"The impressive accomplishments of today's awardees so early in their careers promise even greater advances in the years ahead.\"An associate professor of computational and visual neuroscience in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Sinha received his undergraduate degree in computer science from the IIT-New Delhi and his Masters and doctoral degrees from MIT.Sarma is assistant professor, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Institute for Computational Medicine at the John Hopkins University .Parekkadan is associated with Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School , whereas Parag A Pathak is from the MIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134138", "title": "We need regulated tourism: Experts", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves till further directions has evoked sharp reactions from forest officials and conservationists the state.Most felt that regulated tourism is a better option than a complete ban.\"Regulated tourism is a much better option. We have over the past 10 years controlled much of tourism activities in Ranthambore. At any given time, not more than 40 vehicles go into the park. Such an order will have far-reaching effect on an entire community that has grown up on tourism activities in the park. Besides, as of now, Ranthambore hardly has a buffer zone,\" says conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch.For the record, both the Ranthambore and Sariska national parks are closed to tourism currently due to the monsoon. The parks which were shut on June 1 will reopen only on October 1 before which another hearing is scheduled at the Supreme Court on the PIL. \"Most of the bookings for Ranthambhore take place now and the order will have an adverse effect on these bookings,\" Khandal added.According to former principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) and head of forest forces (HoFF) of Rajasthan, RN Mehrotra, \"In most parts of India, tourism guidelines for forests needs to be redrawn. After that a strict adherence to them along with the Supreme Court order can prove meaningful for wildlife as well as tourists,\" he says.Incidentally, Mehrotra had headed a committee for preparing a report after it came out in the open in 2005 that all the tigers were poached in Sariska. The report has said that that most of the tigers that were poached were from zones where entry of tourists was banned.\"When poachers go inside a park it is with an objective. No one will poach a tiger from the much-visited Kalighati area in Sariska. They will go to a remote waterhole for poaching. When tourists are banned from entry into certain zones, the road there becomes inaccessible and most of the time even the staff take months for visiting these areas,\" sources said.\"However, unnecessary pressure from tourists often puts tigers in trouble. A couple of years back, tigress T-19 gave birth to three cubs in a tourist zone. But when people started stopping every now and then and clicking pictures, she changed her territory and went towards the core area,\" Mehrotra added.Incidentally, in Ranthambore, certain parts of the park, from Guda to the Lapur Valley and Indala Dang, are closed to tourism even now. At least 50 % of all cubs born in this park are from these area. \"Regulated tourism is a better answer so that the sanctity of the forest can be maintained. In this way the animals will also get a chance to be in absolute wild conditions,\" said Rajpal Singh, member of the state wildlife board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133999", "title": "Come Aug, you can eat out at night food street again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: You will soon be able to enjoy eating out at night. The municipal corporation is all set to revive the night food street in Sector 14 in a month. All modalities, including the process of allotment of kiosks and their functioning, have been finalized for the venture, which will be started soon after the Punjab and Haryana high court hears its case later this month.Changing the prime clause of allotment of kiosks, the civic body has decided to allot these through draw of lots instead of bidding. Besides, only vegetarian food, snacks and beverages will be served to the public.MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"Renovation of the existing kiosks is almost complete. Once it's over, the food street will resume its functioning next month. It will serve only vegetarian food and frequent drives will be conducted to keep a check on its quality.\" The rent of each kiosk will be Rs 25,000 per month.The night food street was started in 2007. In the first year, kiosks were given through draw of lots. Later, MC started giving these through bidding and the rent per kiosk went up from Rs 80,000 to 1 lakh, which in turn made its food costly. And then, the project got much flak for its poor and unhygienic food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133636", "title": "CM pacifies warring cabinet colleagues", "text": "KOLKATA: Two ministers of state - Sabina Yeasmin and Chandrima Bhattacharya - were spotted involved in a war of words inside the cabinet on Monday. Finally, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had to intervene to pacify the warring ministers, according to a senior minister.Sabina, the minister of state for labour, criticized Chandrima for not issuing an order to shift a health sub-centre, which became inoperative after it was damaged by flood, in her constituency. Sabina had applied for a government order from Chandrima, the minister of state for health.Sabina alleged that the Hamidpur health sub-centre turned inoperative due to dilly-dallying of the health department. After she spotted Chandrima in the cabinet meeting on Monday, she lost her cool and charged Chadrima for the delay, according to a source. Soon Mamata Banerjee asked them to sort out the issue mutually, saying, \"Why are you quarrelling like children?\"When TOI contacted Chandrima, she said: \"Sabina wants to shift Hamidpur sub-centre to a new place. She was sitting at a distance and she had to raise her voice so that I can hear her. The CM thought that something was wrong. I have promised Sabina to solve the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134547", "title": "Dengue cases double in 3 years, malaria rises 71%", "text": "MUMBAI: The city is fast becoming a hotbed for ailments and diseases. From dengue to malaria and even cholera, sensitive diseases are on the rise, putting at risk the lives of nearly 1.24 crore Mumbaikars.Official data from civic-run hospitals alone show a 176% rise in dengue cases in 2011-12, while the number of those affected by malaria saw a 71% increase from 2008-09. Cholera cases\u2014178, a rise of 85%\u2014add to the medical nightmare that's been officially recorded. While experts are surprised by the cholera cases, BMC officials admit that it has been kept under wraps as its mere occurrence could attract international travel sanctions. Cholera is highly infectious and can spread within the community in a few hours.What is even more worrying is that these figures could just be the tip of the iceberg as it does not take into account people getting treated at private hospitals and clinics, according to Praja Foundation that surveyed around 15,000 households.The NGO in its white paper said that if private healthcare services were taken into account, an estimated 3.9 lakh people were affected by malaria in 2011-12, or in other words there were 148 cases per 1,000 households. The official figure is only 29,828 cases of malaria but there were 64 deaths reported in 2011 alone.Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals, said the reason why dengue cases have been going up was due to the virus that spreads the disease. \"Dengue is caused by a virus, while malaria is caused by a parasite called plasmodium. Though the lifespan of a virus is only 5-15 days, due to sudden weather changes, the virus remains active causing dengue,\" he said, adding that the BMC has been able to control malaria cases in the city. \"But the BMC figures are not representative of the whole city as a majority of the patients consult private hospitals,\" he said.\"Our report on the state of health of Mumbai raises several red flags. The survey revealed that more than 30% of households spend 11% or more of their annual income on hospitals and medical costs. The survey also shows that almost 80% Mumbaikars did not have a medical insurance. Also, 75% of Mumbaikars use private sources, hence, there is a need for a strong mechanism to collect data from them.\" said Nitai Mehta, founder trustee of Praja Foundation.An average of 20,038 persons are packed into every square kilometre in the island city and 20,925 persons in the extended suburbs.BMC health officer Dr Arun Bamne said diseases like malaria and diarrhoea come under non-notifiable diseases, meaning the private hospitals do not notify the BMC when they get patients suffering from these ailments. While dengue and cholera are notifiable, tuberculosis has come in this category only this year.\"We have not received the Praja Foundation report yet, so it will not be right to comment on the report. We take into consideration only the official figures,\" said Dr Bamne.Dr Mangesh Pednekar, director of Healis Sekhsaria Institute for Public Health who has monitored and endorsed the report, said the city needs a better surveillance system in place. \"Surveillance systems can provide accurate understanding of the problem. Hence, setting up strong surveillance system should be priority of the administrator and the data process should be scientific, up-to-date and sacrosanct,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/beijing", "code": "15131331", "title": "India forces China to take off Gujarat riots video", "text": "NEW DELHI/BEIJING: A day after video clips of the 2002 Gujarat riots shown in China sparked a political row in India, New Delhi asked the organizers of the art exhibition to take off the exhibits. After TOI highlighted the incident, Indian embassy officials in Beijing on Tuesday visited the Ullens Center of Contemporary Art (UCCA) to stop the showing of a controversial video about the Godhra riots.\"We were cooperating with them on the understanding that they will not show any objectionable material. Now that this video has created a controversy, we have had it stopped,\" said a senior embassy official.The MEA spokesperson in Delhi said India had asked for the video to be taken off. He said, the Indian artist, Tejal Shah, had shown the video in many countries and received the Sanskriti award in 2009. Official sources said the film on Godhra riots was not shown on June 26, when the Indian ambassador to China, S Jaishankar, inaugurated the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130964", "title": "Madras HC ex-CJ among CBI's 150 witnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: Justice Ashok Agarawal, former chief justice of the Madras high court, is among the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) 150 witnesses in the multi-crore Adarsh scam. Prior to his appointment as chief justice, he was a judge with the Bombay high court. There was no response from CBI counsel Bharat Badami when TOI tried to contact him.Justice Agarawal told TOI, \"I am shocked as to how my name figures in the list of witnesses submitted by the CBI. As far as I remember, I am not even remotely associated with the Adarsh cooperative housing society. I am surprised.''Contrary to expectations, names of former chief ministers Sushilkumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh do not figure in the list. Among other witnesses are bureaucrat Chitkala Zutsi, who was finance secretary when the Adarsh proposal was approved. She is followed by then chief secretary D K Sankaran, who was revenue secretary when the proposal was approved. Former chief minister Ashok Chavan , while deposing before the Adarsh commission, had blamed Sankaran for approving the controversial land deal.Besides Sankaran, then revenue secretaries R C Joshi and Vijaykumar Agarwal, who had also dealt with the proposal, are witnesses. Former collectors Debashish Chakraborty, Mahesh Pathak and I A Kundan and collector Chandrashekhar Oke are also witnesses.Former Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad, now chief information commissioner, MMRDA additional commissioner S V R Srinivas and then BEST general manager Swadhin Kshatriya, now additional chief secretary (revenue), are witnesses too.The occupation certificate to Adarsh was granted during Gaikwad's tenure.The CBI submitted the list of witnesses along with the charge-sheet it filed in the special court on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133491", "title": "Visionary who made a dream come true", "text": "KOLKATA: Bharati Mitra (1931-2012) had always nurtured a dream to provide children with the kind of education that Rabindranath Tagore had thought of imparting to the world. Her dreams were translated to reality with the setting up of Nava Nalanda in 1967. Over the years, it has emerged to be one of the eminent schools of south Kolkata.Mitra was born on The visionary who saw a dream and strove to make it into a reality. The dream named Nava Nalanda - born out of her romantic notion was Bharati Mitra. She was born on February 22, 1931, to Jagadish Chandra Dasgupta and Sudhamoyee Dasgupta. After completing her education from She started her schooling in Deshbandhu School, she graduated from Calcutta University. Later, Mitra After completion of studies she joined the South Calcutta Girls' College as a lecturer. Her diligence and mettle helped her to become the head She rose to the post of the history head of the History department soon.This academic career had to be cut short, as Mitra had to accompany her husband Arya Mitra, every time the latter was transferred to a new place because of his job. to the places where he was transferred. With a vision to provide children with the education that Tagore had visualised, she started Nava Nalanda in 1967, which emerged as one of the eminent schools of South Calcutta.Apart from imparting education, Along with academics Mitra always believed in creating a strong cultural awareness among students. She also conducted many radio programmes. She started producing scripted dance dramas for stage which began with her directing Rabindranath's Arupratan. The journey began with Rabindranath's Arupratan.This was followed by Meghnadbad Kabya and then a grand production on the greatest epic Mahabharata. All ambitious projects, brilliantly executed. Unfortunately, with age taking a toll on her health, the dynamic Mitra was compelled to remain mostly in bed due to a poor eyesight. It was on June 23 that she breathed her last after a heart attack.Gradually her failing health and weak eyesight, forcefully confined her to bed.Her indefatigable spirit found freedom in pursuing script - which were staged by the students of Nava Nalanda on the Pochishey Boisakh. She breathed her last on the June 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134430", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of 4-yr-old", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-year-old girl was found dead under mysterious circumstances at her house in Vysarpadi on Monday evening. While a preliminary post-mortem report on Tuesday suggested she died of an injury to the liver, police suspect the wound was caused by a fall or a push and have detained the girl's uncle Saleem, who was with her when the incident occurred, for questioning.Police said Farhana was staying with her mother Mamata, her aunt Shakila and uncle Salim after her father Thameem Ansari had deserted them a month ago.On Monday evening, Shakila and Mamata left the child with Salim and went out. When they returned, they found Farhana unconscious with blood oozing from the nose and minor bruises near her mouth. Saleem was sleeping in another room.The women woke up Saleem and rushed the child to a nearby private hospital where she was declared brought dead. After doctors at two more hospitals confirmed she was dead, it was decided to bury her. However, workers at the burial ground demanded a death certificate. The hospital refused to give one and informed police.Police sent the body for a post mortem to Government Stanley Hospital where a preliminary report said the girl died of a liver injury. The family told police she suffered from occasional bouts of fits.\"We are questioning the child's uncle as there is a suspicion she could have been pushed down,\" said assistant commissioner of police P Loganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134869", "title": "HC pulls up government for not regulating ore traffic", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday pulled up the state government for not implementing any measures for regulating the movement of mining trucks in the state.Taking serious note of the issue, a division bench comprising justice AP Lavande and justice UV Bakre directed the state government to file an affidavit within three weeks stating what further action it proposes to take to stop mining trucks from violating rules while transporting ore.The court further directed that in case the affidavit is not filed within the stipulated time, the chief secretary has to remain present before the court at the next hearing to explain why it was not filed.The bench observed that a balance has to be struck between the environment and people's rights to use the public road. The bench also made it clear that in case the measures are not implemented, it would be forced to pass appropriate orders stopping ore transportation until such measures are not put in place by the authorities.During the hearing, advocate Norma Alvares pointed out to the court that the state government had proposed some short term measures for preventing road accidents by regulating traffic on routes frequented by mining trucks. Till date the measures have not been implemented, she said.At this point, the bench enquired from the government as to why the measures have not been implemented. Government advocate Manish Salkar told the court he would file an appropriate affidavit explaining the steps taken till now in this regard.On July 27, 2011, the state government had stated before the high court that it would examine the issue after consulting mine owners, truck owners and intervenors in a petition filed by one Rohidas Bhandari and others.The government assured that after consultation, it would draw up a scheme specifying how the trucks can be prevented from filling the ore up to the board and the stage at which the trucks can be inspected to see if there is any violation. In case of violation, the government had also to specify the person on whom such responsibility can be fixed. The court will hear the petition further after four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15136829", "title": "Blue Star memorial against Sikh tradition not good for Punjab : Captain Amarinder Singh", "text": "Jalandhar: Congress is again raising the issue of Blue Star memorial in Darbar Sahib Complex after the Municipal Corporation elections. But this time it is raising to counter the claim of Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal that SAD-BJP government would be able to get one lakh crore investment in the state.PPCC President Captain Amarinder Singh has said that while on one side Dy CM was announcing to bring in investment but the conditions in Punjab being created by SAD-BJP regime were far from suitable for attracting investment.\"Raising of Blue Star memorial is one such step which does not reflect that state government was ensuring stability in state,\" he said while answering queries from media here on Tuesday. Asked that noting adverse has happened due to the memorial Amarinder argued that there was underlying fear in the people due to it. \"It is not good for peace in the state and would cause disillusionment in the investors,\" he held. \"Badal has been doing various things since 1978 which disturbed peace in state and harmed the stability,' Amarinder alleged.He said that the memorial was not only against the interests of Punjab but was also not in consonance with Sikh tradition. \"Earlier also there were attacks on Darbar Sahib during Moughal period but no separate memorial was erected within the precincts of Darbar Sahib Complex. Any memorial should be raised outside the complex. What is the logic even according to the Sikh traditions to have another Gurudwara (as SGPC and SAD have said that ithe memorial would be only a Gurudwara) within the holiest shrine of the Sikhs,\" Amarinder argued.'If any memorial needs to be built then it should be for people also who were killed in Punjab during terrorism. Let it be a common memorial outside,' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134624", "title": "Five cops denied bail in drugs case", "text": "PANAJI: The Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) court at Mapusa on Tuesday rejected the bail application of five police constables who were arrested for allegedly planting drugs on Israeli national David Driham alias Dudu.The five accused- Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar - will continue to be in police custody till July 26, said CBI sources. The CBI had arrested the five constables of the anti-narcotics cell (ANC) in connection with the police-politician-drug mafia nexus case. CBI public prosecutor Joseph Vaz argued on behalf of the prosecution.The bail plea of PSI Sunil Gudlar in the alleged drug-mafia-police nexus case will come up for hearing before the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134414", "title": "16-yr-old biker rams into cop, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Park police on Monday arrested a 16-year-old after he knocked down a police constable with his motorbike on Veer Savarkar Marg in Dadar (W).Salim Khan (name changed) had sneaked out for a joyride on his father's motorcycle. His 30-year-old uncle was riding pillion. The accident took place around 2.30am, minutes after the boy hit the main road. Cops will book Khan's father for allowing his minor son to take away the motorcycle for a ride. The boy, who was riding a red Hero Honda CBZ at high speed, was caught unawares by a police nakabandi on the road. Though he applied brakes, the boy couldn't control the bike and hit constable Vasant Palwe (32)\u2014attached with the Kurla police station\u2014on the head, chest and right hand.\"The nakabandi is carried out, especially on Monday night, because joy riders create ruckus and also misbehave with women pedestrians on this route,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.\"Others policemen present at the spot got Palwe admitted to Sion hospital,\" said Kulkarni.\"We will take action against the teen's father for allowing him to take the motorcycle,\" said senior inspector Suresh Unavne of Shivaji Park police.The police said the teenager was produced before the juvenile court and released on bail surety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15133822", "title": "Police launch probe into attack on boy", "text": "KOCHI: Police on Tuesday launched an investigation into the incident in which a ninth standard student was beaten up by a group of people for allegedly making fun of a girl at Mulanthuruthy.The injured boy was identified as Jino (13), of Pambra near Mulanthuruthy. Police have already registered case against 11 persons in connection with the incident.The victim has been admitted to Ernakulam Government General Hospital.He has suffered fractures on his jaw bone and severe injuries in other parts of the body.According to police it was Sunday afternoon that a group of persons, who came on motorcycles, attacked the boy for making fun of a girl.The boy had allegedly mocked at the girl while he along with his another friend was standing near the playground of Manniyad Government Higher Secondary School. A group also barged into his house in the night and forcefully took him to the girl's house where he was forced to make an apology to the girl.Doctors at the government hospital will conduct a surgery on the boy to fix his fractured jaw bone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133775", "title": "Pricey project might mean more tax burden", "text": "LUDHIANA: If you're already dreaming of riding to the office on Metro, be prepared to first pay from your pockets for the project. For, the much-hyped project might face some money trouble, courtesy the reportedly cash-strapped state government and the burden might eventually fall on the residents of Ludhiana.The project, which the SAD-BJP alliance is brandishing as a feather in its cap, has posed fresh challenges for the government. Nearly 20% of the project cost has to be funded by state. The Centre pools in an equal share and the rest would be funded by the bidder who gets the project.With empty coffers staring at the state government, raising nearly Rs 2,000 crore might prove to be a Herculean task.The Metro project is expected to cost Rs 10,300 crore, as against Rs 8,500 crore as envisaged a few years ago. As much as 20% of this cost would fall on the state government, along with the responsibility of providing nearly 170 acres of land free of cost, and exemption from all kinds of taxes, amounting to Rs 500 crore.The government, which is running hand to mouth and struggling to meet with even daily expenses and salaries of its employees, is looking at ways and means to fund the project out of people's pockets. One of the options being reportedly explored is to impose 1% extra stamp duty on all land deals in Ludhiana district.\"Land and property deeds worth Rs 700 crore are registered in Ludhiana every year. We can generate Rs 120 crore per annum even if we raise the stamp duty by 1%. Another option is to tax the passengers and put cess on tickets. This way we can generate Rs 60 crore per annum. But the third option is very viable - to develop Metro townships that can help mobilize Rs 1500 crore,\" said a senior official in the government dealing with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135082", "title": "Azad Smriti Mandir opens in Alirajpur dist", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said his government would endeavour to make the dreams of freedom fighter Chandrashekhar Azad true.Inaugurating Azad Smriti Mandir built at a cost of Rs 1.17 crore at Chandrashekhar Azad Nagar (Bhabra) in Alirajpur district on July 23,he said Azad's dream was that no one should remain sad, hungry and destitute and all should be healthy and educated and live with dignity.He said the state government is striving to realize all these ideals through planned implementation.Besides a life-size statue of Chandrashekhar Azad, 44, display boards have also been installed at the monument showcasing life and deeds of Azad.He said B. Com and BSc classes would be started in the college at Chandrashekhar Azad Nagar from next academic session. He said building of the college would be constructed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134037", "title": "Government departments gear up for shortage of rain", "text": "JAIPUR: After the Union government expressed concern over shortage of rain this year, the state government has started taking steps to meet the contingency.A day-long meeting of the agriculture department took place on Tuesday. Similarly, public health &amp; engineering department, animal husbandry department and disaster management &amp; relief department also swung into action.\"After directions from the chief minister, each department is preparing contingency plans. Though we are still hopeful, there will be good rainfall but we are preparing ourselves for the worst possible situation,\" said a senior official.Rajasthan is among the four states apart from Karnataka, parts of Maharashtra and Gujarat where the situation is alarming. Many Central agencies have indicated the possibility of drought in these areas. The Prime Minister's Office also directed ministries to help states facing drought-like situations by operationalizing contingency plans to distribute seeds, augment fodder and power and deal with drinking water shortage.At the state-level too, various decisions are expected to be taken in the coming days. \"If the similar situation persists, we will start taking action. This will include the necessary arrangements for cattle fodder, power and water supply, and ensuring no shortage of food items,\" said the official.On concerns over downfall in pulse production and prices moving up, an official from the food &amp; civil supplies department said: \"There is possibility of hoarding and creating a panic-like situation. But we are all geared up to handle any situation. The Union government has also promised to extend full cooperation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131301", "title": "Chudasama ready for externment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer and one of the accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, Abhay Chudasama conveyed to the Gujarat high court that if granted bail, he was ready to keep away from all the states to which the witnesses belong.While arguing for his bail, Chudasama's counsel S V Raju reiterated before justice Abhilasha Kumari on Tuesday that he could be released on condition of not entering the states where witnesses live. The submission was made in his bail plea, which was filed last year too.Interestingly, witnesses in this case reside in five different states \u2014 Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh. One of the accused in this case \u2014 former MoS Home Amit Shah has already imposed externment on himself by assuring the Supreme Court that he would not enter Gujarat, and accordingly he has been out of the state since November, 2010.Chudasama was arrested on April 28, 2010 after the investigation in the fake encounter case was handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation . He was charged for not only plotting the encounter, but also for influencing witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15134376", "title": "Good rains in Bhandara district", "text": "BHANDARA: Good rains were received in the district since June 1 as the monsoon has revived. Bhandara district received 399.8mm rainfall till July 23. The average rainfall during this period was 538.6mm.The highest rainfall of 482mm was recovered in Sakoli taluka, followed by Mohali 441.2mm, Bhandara 440.5mm, Paoni 439.3mm, Lakhandur 384.7mm, Lakhni 352.6mm and Tumsar 258.6mm. Delayed mansoon has affected paddy crop transplantation in the district. Till now, transplantation of paddy was completed in only 38,787 hectares area.The district administration has made arrangements to supply fertilizers at the doorstep of farmers. Measures are undertaken for smooth supply of fertilizers at fixed rate. District collector Sachindra Pratap Singh has asked the farmers to purchase fertilizers at government approved rates. The farmers can complain to the collector in case of irregularities in selling fertilizers.MNS protests toll collectionMNS activists on Tuesday gathered at the toll tax point near Kardha on national highway number 6 and staged demonstrations against tax recovery.Toll tax plaza personnel bowed to the pressure of MNS activists and allowed every vehicle to pass without paying tax. The agitation continued throughout the day. The demonstration was peaceful and no untoward incident was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15134822", "title": "Availing interest-free education loan for higher studies", "text": "The Interest-Free Education Loan Scheme, launched by the state government in 2003, provides financial assistance to students in Goa to undertake approved degree and diploma courses at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels in India or abroad. It's implemented by the Goa Education Development Corporation and grants students interest-free loans where the beneficiary pays back the principal amount and the government bears the interest. This week we run through the procedure to apply for assistance under this scheme.Eligibility criteria\u00b7 The applicant should be less than 30 years old\u00b7 Should be born and domiciled in Goa for at least 15 years\u00b7 Should have cleared Class X and XII exams for admission to courses at diploma or degree level in any recognized institution in Goa\u00b7 Should have received a graduation certificate from any recognized institution\u00b7 Should have cleared final exams of a post-graduation course for admission to PhD courses\u00b7 Should have passed the qualifying exam with a minimum aggregate of 55% in case of general category. For candidates belonging to SC/ST/OBC categories, the qualifying marks are 45%\u00b7 Combined annual family income of the applicant should not exceed Rs 7 lakh for courses within India. In case one of applicant's sibling is pursuing a course in higher education, the income ceiling is Rs 8 lakh per annum\u00b7 For pursuing higher education in an institution outside India, the annual family income limit is Rs 12 lakh. In case one of applicant's sibling is pursuing a course in higher education, the income ceiling is Rs 14 lakh per annum\u00b7 The entitled fees payable to the institution for undertaking the course should be at least Rs 10,000 per annum\u00b7 The course for which admission is sought should be recognized by an accreditation authority approved by the government of India or the government of GoaDocuments required\u00b7 Application form available at the office of the Goa Education Development Corporation for Rs 150\u00b7 Attested copy of resident certificate\u00b7 Attested copy of applicant's birth certificate\u00b7 Attested copy of parents' I-T returns for the last financial year\u00b7 Attested copies of marksheets of the last qualifying exams taken by the applicant\u00b7 Attested copy of proof of admission (in case of foreign institutes)\u00b7 Original fee receipt for the running academic year\u00b7 Original, bonafide certificate issued by the institute for the running academic year along with the fee structure of the course\u00b7 Power of Attorney in the name of a working parent (in case of studies outside Goa)\u00b7 Attested copy of caste certificate (if required)\u00b7 Bonafide certificate of sibling (if required)\u00b7 Self-attested envelope with Rs 5 postage stampQuantum of loan\u00b7 For courses conducted in India, a maximum of Rs 10 lakh will be disbursed over 5 years\u00b7 For courses abroad, a maximum of Rs 16 lakh will be disbursed over 2 yearsProcedure\u00b7 The above-mentioned documents have to be submitted to the office of Goa Education Development Corporation\u00b7 Once the documents are scrutinized and their authenticity established, the funds are released through the electronic clearing system, which requires the applicant to have an active account in any national or private sector bankPoints to remember\u00b7 Under this scheme, a maximum five-year course is covered for studies in India and a maximum two-year course is covered for studies abroad. In the event that the situation faced by a particular candidate requires minor modification in study period, the scheme provides for flexibility to make adjustments\u00b7 Failure to comply with the repayment schedule will attract liability of payment of interest at a prescribed rate\u00b7 The last date for submission of application form is October 31, 2012, extendable to December 31, 2012, only in cases where the course commences after October 31, 2012Address/Contact detailsGoa Education Development Corporation, DIET Hostel Building, Near Teacher's Training College, Provorim, Goa - 403521Ph: 2411187/94Email : office-gedc.goa@nic.inIf you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15132722", "title": "Sports minister Ajay Maken vows to fight for athlete Santhi", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after TOI highlighted the plight of Asiad medallist Santhi Soundarajan, forced to work as a daily wage earner at a brick kiln in Tamil Nadu, Union sports minister Ajay Maken declared that the government was keen on restoring her honour just as South Africa had fought for the dignity of sprinter Caster Semenya.Help also poured in from other quarters, with state-run gas utility GAIL announcing an immediate relief of Rs 1 lakh to Santhi, who was stripped of her 800m silver medal after she failed a gender test at the Asian Games in Doha. A senior GAIL executive met Soundarajan to convey the decision.Maken called up TOI from London expressing shock at the turn of events. \"I am concerned over the plight of Santhi who won a medal for us at the Asian Games. To set things right, I would want Santhi's gender rechecked. I have come to know that there are far more acceptable methods of testing one's gender and we will employ them in Santhi's case,\" the minister said.If Santhi, 31, emerges unscathed, Maken said the government would support her in her fight to win back her records and medals. \"Just like South Africa backed Caster Semenya , we would be with Santhi. We will take up the issue with the International Olympic Committee and International Association of Athletics Federations so that she gets back her records and medals,\" he said.\"If she is keen on continuing with her athletics career, we will help her with that too,\" he added.In a front-page story on Tuesday (July 24), TOI had reported that the middle distance runner was working as a labourer at a brick kiln in Tamil Nadu to make ends meet.Irrespective of the outcome of the tests, Santhi will be offered a seat in the NIS coaching course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134825", "title": "Einstein's right: Higher you live, faster you age", "text": "LONDON: The world's most accurate atomic clock has clearly proved the nearly 100-year-old theory by Albert Einstein that time is a relative concept and the higher you live above sea level the faster you should age.Einstein's theory of relativity states that time and space are not as constant as everyday life would suggest. He suggested that the only true constant, the speed of light, meant that time can run faster or slower depending on how high you are, and how fast you are travelling.Now researchers have demonstrated the true nature of Einstein's theory for the first time with an incredibly accurate atomic clock that is able to keep time to within one second in about 3.7 billion years - roughly the same length of time that life has existed on Earth, The Independent reported.James Chin-Wen Chou and his colleagues from the US National Institute of Standards and Technology in Boulder, Colorado, found that when they monitored two such clocks positioned just a foot apart in height above sea level, they found that time really does run more quickly the higher you are - just as Einstein predicted.\"These precise clocks reveal the effects of gravitational pull, so if we position one clock closer to a planet, you also increase the gravitational pull and time actually runs slower than for another, similar clock positioned higher up,\" Chou said.The atomic clocks used in the study are based on the tiny vibrations of aluminium atoms trapped in an electric field. These vibrations are in the same frequency range of ultraviolet light, detected by lasers, which means that the atomic timepieces are optical clocks, accurate enough to measure billionths of a second.It means that the clocks were able to perceive the dilation of time with height above ground. For every foot above ground the clocks showed that someone would age about 90 billionths of a second faster over a 79-year lifetime, Chou said.Besides, the scientists demonstrated that when the atomic clocks were altered in a way that mimics the effect of travelling through space, time began to slow down, as the theory of relativity says it should.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134828", "title": "Chimps enclosure at Patna zoo opened", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday inaugurated the enclosure of the chimpanzees at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna Zoo, here on Tuesday.The pair of chimpanzees was put up in the newly built 750sqm enclosure near the gate No. 2. Modi said, \"The old names of the chimps, Subhadra (female) and Kartik (male), will be retained. The chimps have already acclimatized to the zoo condition and responding well with their old names.\"He further said earlier giraffes were the point of attraction for the visitors at the zoo and now these chimps would steal the show.The pair of chimps was brought from the Nandankanan Zoo, Odisha, on July 17 in Patna. \"Both of the chimpanzees were admitted to the veterinary hospital for primary health checkup,\" said zoo director Abhay Kumar. He added that age of the two chimpanzees is two-and-half years and three years, respectively.\"Kartik was quite quick to respond while Subhadra took a bit longer time to get familiar with new people. She was staying with her mother so far and only two days back they were separated,\" Modi said.A one-year old female giraffe, Navya, who was exchanged with the pair of chimpanzees, has been doing well at the Nandankanan Zoo. \"Our prime focus while bringing any new animal is to check their health and age. We try to bring animals of the age of approaching adulthood. All animals which we have brought in the last four exchange programmes are between the ages of 2.5 years to 5 years. Animals of such age can easily adopt any kind of changes in surroundings and helps the breeding of animals,\" the director said. Rhinoceros, hippopotamus and crocodiles are most demanding for the exchange programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134451", "title": "HC shows ex-minister\u2019s engineering college the door in admission process", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to direct Anna University to include former DMK minister E V Velu's family-run engineering college in the ongoing single window admission for engineering courses.Justice K Chandru, pointing out that Arunai College of Engineering in Tiruvannamalai had failed to furnish the affiliation order from the university so as to be included in the admission process, said: \"Since affiliation for the year 2011-12 itself is under question, there is no ground to assume that the college will be given affiliation for the year 2012-13. Therefore, the question of including the college does not arise. The authorities have correctly explained that the college has not provided necessary materials required for inclusion of its name\".The college was in news for allegedly allowing a student to write examination in a secret room where all question papers and answer sheets were supplied to him. It was alleged that even his attendance and practical marks were rigged with the assistance of college management and lecturers. The Anna University held inquiries with 48 persons and sought action against 32 college employees, including several lecturers. Not satisfied with the explanation of the college management to a show-cause notice, the university recommended stoppage of admission to the college for one year. However, the high court, while admitting a petition from the college, has stayed any further action. It was under these circumstances that the present counselling began, and the college found that its name was not in the list.Justice Chandru, declining to accede to the college's plea, said the order by the commissioner of technical education had not precluded the college from admitting students on its own. The judge said the college was entitled to make admissions for all its seats without any student being sponsored by the state government through the single window system.The judge also refused to interfere with a separate show-cause that the university had issued against the college, asking the latter as to why its postgraduate admissions should not be stopped this academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135446", "title": "Tourism development plan for Jajpur", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha tourism department plans to develop tourist spots in Jajpur district and to provide the necessary infrastructure for the development of tourism in the district.\"Jajpur has a number of heritage and tourist sites which can be developed with better infrastructure facilities. This will increase the inflow of domestic tourists in the district,\" said a tourism department officer.The department has decided to develop heritage sites like Jagannath temple in Sukindagarh, Katarakhi Temple in Darpani, Varunaeswar temple in Birjharpur, Narayani temple in Deoda, Palesvara temple in Palapada, Gokarneswara temple in Jaraka, Hatekeswar temple in Daria, Nahaikani of Singhpur and Binjharpur in the district.Buddhist sites like Deuli, Neulapur, Tarapur, Kayama, Radhanagar, Vajragiri and Pauti are also to be included for heritage conservation and tourism development, sources added. Teligarh fort and Amarabati fort are also to be conserved and developed.Besides, Orissa Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) buses will ply from Bhubaneswar to Jajpur for Biraja and Akhandalamani temple package tours. A proposal is on the anvil for the development of a four-lane road from Kuakhia to Biraja and Biraja to Aradi as well, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137805", "title": "Celebrities who passed away in the year gone by", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134099", "title": "Help us to make roads safer: Cops to administration", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic police department has sought a status report from various agencies including the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) on the issues raised by it in the recent road safety meeting on May 9. In the meeting, the traffic police had raised 20 issues out of a list of 93 compiled by the department for smoother roads. The department has now asked the various agencies what steps have they taken to resolve them.Police commissioner K K Sindhu had on May 9 called a coordination meeting of the officers of the district administration, MCG, HUDA and other stake holders. The issue of road safety and the possible ways to decongest the city roads were discussed in the meeting. The traffic police had handed over a list of the places identified for installation of streetlights and where they need repair, to HUDA and MCG. The locations for possible zebra crossings were also discussed.Sindhu had also asked the NHAI and the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd, to find ways to decongest the toll plaza on the Gurgaon-Delhi border, especially during peak hours. Other issues discussed in the meeting were installation of traffic lights at 14 locations, closing the entry points of vehicles to Sadar Bazar and eliminating the parking sites, construction of lay-byes and bus stops on NH-8.Police also asked the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Ltd and HUDA to provide power backup for traffic lights. The Haryana State Road Development Corporation was asked to construct median on central verge on the Pataudi-Tauru state highway and on Gurgaon-Sultanpur Lake-Jhajjar road to prevent accidents. Civic agencies were asked to create a separate lane for autorickshaws across the city.Construction of slip roads on six roads, plugging of unauthorized cuts on road dividers on Sohna Road, Sector 55/56 and MG Road, resizing of Bristol Chowk, MDI Chowk, Atul Kataria Chowk, Sector 4/7 chowk among others, and removal of illegal speed breakers on roads, was also sought by the traffic department in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133481", "title": "Hooghly officer bunks meet, served notice", "text": "KOLKATA: With tales of horror at the Gurap home coming to the fore, a high-level meeting was held at the Writers' Buildings on Tuesday to address the various vices plaguing such homes across the state. The meeting, however, was not attended by the Hooghly district social welfare (DSW) officer who holds jurisdiction over the Gurap home. The state social welfare department has therefore served a show-cause notice on him.The state social welfare department has issued a show cause notice to the Hooghly district social welfare (DSW) officer, who has jurisdiction over the Gurap home, for not attending a high level meeting at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. The meeting was convened in the wake of the horror tales emerging from the Gurap home about the rape, murder and burial of inmate Guriya within its premises.The meeting was attended by all DSW officers in the state as well as superintendents of all government-run homes. \"A detailed list will be prepared on the number of homes falling under the jurisdiction of different DSWs. Also, audited reports will be chalked out on the living conditions within them. While DSW officers will give weekly reports, BDOs will submit monthly reports regarding conditions in these homes,\" said social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra.The minister has also adding that she is also requested members of the civil society to visit these homes and inform the government if they find something to be amiss there. on what they will find.The social welfare department discussed the problems and has initiated taking several measures to improve living conditions and security in homes for orphans and juveniles across the state. At presently, there are 28 government homes and 23 private homes in the state.Mitra said that there will be guards will be posted outside all such homes and each staff member will have to register his or her name and address while entering it. \"No outsiders will be allowed inside the home,\" the minister added. She has ordered Mitra said to increase security at the homes. The department has also proposed that the homes be guarded by two policemen round-the-clock.\"A report will be placed before the chief minister soon,\" Mitra said, adding that CCTVs and sirens will be installed in all the homes as part of security measures.Shock waves spread across the state and Questions were raised on security in these homes after the mysterious death of 32-year-old Guriya who was allegedly raped, murdered and buried within the Gurap home premises of the Gurap home. Later, the social welfare department lodged a complaint at Gurap police station stating that four more inmates had died in the recent months and were buried on the banks of river Damodar in Burdwan's Jamalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130241", "title": "Government offers legal assistance to seven IAS officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Tuesday decided to provide legal assistance to seven of the eight IAS officers who received notices from the Supreme Court in connection with the issuance of 26 GOs by them during the YSR regime which is now being probed under the Jagan assets case by the CBI. The SC had issued the notices following a petition filed by P Sudhakar Reddy. Of the 8 officers, Y Srilakshmi, who is currently in Chanchalguda jail for her involvement in the illegal mining case, has been excluded.The officers who will get legal assistance are K Ratna Prabha (now additional secretary, GOI), Manmohan Singh (principal secretary, AH), Aditya Nath Das (secretary, irrigation), CVSK Sarma (principal secretary, agriculture), S V Prasad (Rtd) (state vigilance commissioner), B Sam Bob (principal secretary, MA&UD;) and M Samuel (CCLA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130505", "title": "Sowing in state doubles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sowing which began on a slow note has finally picked up. In the last one week, the sowing in the state has almost doubled, though it was still less compared to last year.On July 17, the sowing was 27 per cent; which has in the week increased to 52 per cent \u2014 almost double! Officials said that this was in anticipation that the rains would finally favour the state.Officials said that the late onset of monsoon and deficit rain in Gujarat has adversely affected the state's agricultural output. Senior officials monitoring the agricultural scene across the state say that the sowing was 25 per cent less as compared to last year.Though, over the last one week sowing operations have picked up, it is quite unlikely that this will help in improving farm production.The latest figures of sowing operations in the state released on Tuesday revealed that as against 60.05 lakh hectares (ha) brought under cultivation till July 23 last year; this year's figure has touched 45.55 lakh ha. This was only 27.82 lakh ha on July 17.Officials said the groundnut sowing was just 62 per cent of its area. Groundnut sowing takes place in 15.88 lakh ha area, but this year it was just 9.88 lakh ha. This is nearly 75 per cent less, than last year when groundnut sowing till July 24 was 13.10 lakh ha.There is also a drastic fall in cotton sowing. Of the 25.80 lakh ha sowing of cotton, so far only 19.83 lakh hactares have been sowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129169", "title": "NCP MLC accused of threatening senior civic official", "text": "PUNE: Additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure has accused NCP MLC Anil Bhosale of threatening him over a probe against his wife and corporator Reshma Bhosale on electoral irregularities. However, Bhosale denied the allegations.The issue came to the fore in the PMC general body meeting on Tuesday after the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporators demanded that the civic administration should provide protection to Zurmure. MNS corporators also distributed copies of a letter written by Zurmure to the media and to the members of the house.According to the letter, Reshma Anil Bhosale, who had contested the February 2012 civic elections on NCP ticket, had not paid the property tax and still managed to get 'no dues' certificate from the PMC, which is mandatory for candidates to validate their nomination forms.On April 13, one Samadhan Maruti Shinde registered a complaint with the municipal commissioner, demanding that as Bhosale has \"deceived\" the PMC and the election commission, her GB membership should be terminated.Following the complaint, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak appointed a one-man inquiry committee with Zurmure as its head. Zurmure's report concluded that the PMC's tax department had issued backdated 'no dues' certificate to Bhosale though she had not paid the tax. Two PMC employees and a private company in charge of the computer software in the PMC are also culpable as they had tampered with the computer system and generated false bills, the report added. Accordingly, show-cause notices were slapped on the two employees and the owner of the private company.\"On June 19, around 12 pm, Anil Bhosale called me on my office landline number and threatened me. He mentioned that I was probing a matter against him. He said the monsoon session of the assembly was starting on July 9 and he will raise questions against me in the house and demand my suspension,\" Zurmure said in his letter to Pathak on June 21.Zurmure added that his letter should be kept as a record and copies of the letter should be forwarded to the state legislature and the urban development department. \"This letter should be considered as a proof, if Bhosale raises any issue against me,\" Zurmure wrote.MNS corporator Rajendra Pawar procured all the documents, including the Zurmure committee report and his letter, under the RTI Act and raised the issue in the civic general body meeting on Tuesday. The MNS corporators demanded that the PMC should register a police case against Anil Bhosale for threatening the PMC's top official.Pathak said, \"The case of property tax bill is now a judicial matter. I have received Zurmure's letter and I assure the house that I will not succumb to any pressure.\"Meanwhile, Anil Bhosale told TOI, \"Zurmure is putting pressure on me because I have questioned his hoarding policy. I have not threatened him in any way. The property tax bill issue is a legal one and we will fight it within the legal framework.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15129673", "title": "Hyderabad metropolitan development authority draft master plan gathers dust", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) had invited objections and suggestions on the draft master plan for Hyderabad Metropolitan Region (extended area) from citizens a year ago, but till date there is no word from the authority on the petitions or the master plan notification.Official sources said the authority has not even finalised the applications which have to be considered for rectification in the draft plan. Once the applications are shortlisted for consideration, they have to be cleared by the HMDA Board and later they would be sent to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department for final approval. HMDA officials claim that finalisation was being delayed due to a large number of objections from citizens and they were verifying each and every application.The urban authority had released the draft master plan for the extended area of Hyderabad Metropolitan Region on July 22, 2011. They had also invited objections and suggestions from people. The master plan covers about 5,900 square kilometres area in 35 mandals spread across Rangareddy, Medak, Nalgonda and Mahabubnagar districts. Of 4,446 objections and suggestions from citizens, the highest number of petitions (868) was from Kandukur mandal in RR district alone. Similarly, it received 280 petitions from Shameerpet, Rajendranagar (298), Maheshwaram (287), Medchal (237), Shankarpally (205), Bhongir (110), Bibinagar (102), Patancheru (146), Sangareddy (114), Ramachandrapuram (154), Kothur (195) and Farooqnagar (101) in Mahabubnagar.Most suggestions were regarding land use change from agriculture or conservation to residential in mandals like Kandukur, Shankarpally and Bibinagar. Some applicants wanted realignment of roads as they were losing their land. Similarly, some sought change of alignment of grid pattern roads of Outer Ring Road (ORR) growth corridor.Officials said villagers of Moinabad, Shamshabad, Chevella, Kothur and Maheshwaram mandals had sought change in land usage from conservation zone to residential as most of the villages fall under the purview of GO 111. They demanded that HMDA increase the residential usage to 50% from the existing 10% of total area.Some residents sought multiple land use, where all activities are allowed especially on main roads connecting ORR and radial roads. Land owners in the jurisdiction of ORR growth corridor sought access to the proposed eight-lane road. In some mandals, land owners alleged that their land was earmarked for parks and open spaces.HMDA master consultant VVLN Sharma said finalisation of objections and suggestions was getting delayed as each and every application was being examined by doing field verification and using satellite maps. \"It might take another month to finalise the objections and approval of the HMDA board,\" the consultant added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15128093", "title": "Tiger Foundation for Palamu reserve in the offing", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Decks have been cleared for the setting up of Tiger Foundation (TF) and Tiger Conservation Plan (TCP) for the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) here.Sources said the possible obstacles have been overcome in this regard. The main hurdle was the absence of notification of the Buffer Area of the PTR. The Buffer Area of the PTR has been notified by an order of the governor of the state on July 14.Sources said this is the first time that the PTR's Buffer Area has been notified since the former came into existence here in 1974.A total of 715.85 sq km out of 1,026 sq km of PTR has been notified as the Buffer Area. The conservator of the Buffer Area, Anil K Mishra confirmed the notification.Sources said the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Delhi had put on hold the formation of TF and TCP in absence of the notification.After the formation of this TF, funds allotted by the NTCA will be directly handed over to the PTR authorities without involving the state. Thus, the persisting problem of getting funds from the state government as late as in the third week of March (the last financial month of any financial year) will be a thing of the past once this TF is set up here.Further the TCP envisages a massive spectrum for the conservation of this big cat.As the Buffer Area has been notified there cannot be expansion or deletion of even an inch of this notified area without seeking permission from the Supreme Court, said one official.The inhabitants of 136 villages, falling under the Buffer Area of the PTR, will head for a bleak future as they will not be allowed to claim any right on the land where they are settled since the last two decades. The notified Buffer Area will be the sole property of the PTR henceforward said the official. There cannot be any settlement of land falling under this notified area with traditional tribal dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133464", "title": "Traffic to be hit in central Delhi today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Massive VIP movement due to the swearing in of Pranab Mukherjee as the new President is expected to hit traffic flow in central and New Delhi areas. The ceremony, which is expected to take place on Wednesday morning at Parliament House, will be attended by a number of dignitaries.Commuters should avoid the following stretches from 10am to 2pm: Vijay Chowk, Rajpath, Rashtrapati Bhavan up to Janpath, Raisina Road from Rail Bhawan to Parliament House, and the Dalhousie Road stretch, Krishna Menon Marg as well as Moti Lal Nehru Marg connecting Vijay Chowk, said officials.\"There shall be flurry of activities in and around Rashtrapati Bhavan and Parliament House, so elaborate arrangements have been made,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. The Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan and Khan Market Metro stations will be closed from 9am to 11am, a DMRC spokesman said. Interchange will be allowed at the Central Secretariat station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134218", "title": "Scientists deliberate on sustainable scientific development", "text": "NAGPUR: Science has always been equated with development and the two of them with the exploitation of natural resources. Off late, however, scientists have started to focus attention on the development of science in a way that does not harm the ecosystem. As the city chapter of Indian Science Congress Association celebrated the centenary year of its existence, the city's scientists and science enthusiasts deliberated on several issues related to sustainable development and innovation in science.The two-day deliberations that started on Tuesday, had scientists from various organizations like National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), National Bureau of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning (NBBS&LUP;), Atomic Minerals Directorate for Exploration and Research (AMDER) and Regional Remote Sensing and Service Centre (RRSSC) talking about their areas of expertise. A science exhibition on the topic was also organized on the occasion. The deliberations included talks on topics like 'mining in outer space' by retired engineer SR Ali, 'nuclear power and clean energy' by AMD scientist Rajeev Bidwai, 'sustainable chemistry' by P Siwaswaroop of IGNOU and applications of remote sensing by head of RRSSC AS Joshi.\"This event aims at creating awareness among policymakers, heads of carious institutes, teachers and students and to provide them a platform to share their ideas and experiences on sustainable scientific development. It is also an attempt to bring out scientific ideas directed at national development,\" said KR Nagaraj, convener of city chapter of ISCA.Chief guest of the event and director of NEERI Satish Wate pointed at the need to rethink our scientific mindset in favour of sustainable development. The host for the meet, director of Institute of Science, MT Bharambe spoke about the need for promoting science, while regional director of Indira Gandhi Nation Open University (IGNOU), P Sivaswaroop believed that popularizing science at grass root level was more important. Dipak Sarkar, director of NBSSLUP, underlined ISCA's role in doing this. Vice chancellor of RTM Nagpur University, VS Sapkal spoke about the current research scenario before inaugurating the event.\"The present decade has been declared as the decade of innovation by the Prime Minister. So, it was heartening to see students not only from our college but also those from arts, animation, dentistry and those from IGNOU's Community College of Technology and Research taking part in the exhibition,\" said Rashmi Batra, coordinator of the event and an associate professor at Institute of Science.The exhibition had students contributing their idea about wealth from waste, through products as well as message boards. One of the charts by the students of Community College aptly summed the theme. It depicted Planet Earth as a bosom from which an infant is feeding with the harms of overfeeding on the Mother written around it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134668", "title": "DySPs, PIs get transfer orders", "text": "PANAJI: Orders have been issued for the transfers of some deputy superintendents of police (SPs) and police inspectors (PIs) in the state.DySP Pandarinath Mapari who was DySP SPCR, Panaji , has been transferred to SDPO Porvorim; DySP Bossuet Silva, SDPO Mapusa-1 to ACP/vigilance; DySP Anant Virnodkar from coastal security, Panaji, to traffic, North; DySP Serafin Dias from traffic North to SDPO Mapusa; DySP Waman Tari who was awaiting posting has been posted to coastal security, Panaji; and DySP F M Fernandes who was awaiting posting has been posted to SPCR PanajiAmong the PIs, Rahool Parab has been transferred from Anjuna to Porvorim police station; Viswesh Karpe from immigration, airport, to Anjuna police station; C L Patil from Porvorim police station to CID crime branch, Panaji; Suraj Haldankar from Verna police station to CID, anti-narcotics cell and Edwin Colaco from Goa reserve police to Verna police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15135380", "title": "Water discharged from Hirakud", "text": "Sambalpur: Customary discharge of water from Hirakud dam was undertaken on Tuesday by opening one of the reservoir's gates. The dam authority said it is obligatory to discharge water from the reservoir between July and September to ensure space for heavy inflow of rain water from the catchment areas. But since there was less water in the reservoir this year a single gate was opened, just to maintain the tradition.As per the custom, a puja was organized at the dam site before opening the gate. Senior officials and dignitaries of the district were invited on the occasion. The ritual has been an annual feature at the dam since it was opened in 1957, sources said.\"Every year, during the month of July we discharge the first floodwater from the reservoir to make the reservoir ready to store heavy inflow of upspring water. This year though we have water in the reservoir, we do not want to discharge much water as we feel it would hamper irrigation and power generation,\" said R K Panda, executive engineer of Hirakud dam circle.The world's biggest earthen dam has a total of 64 sluice gates (40 on the left and 24 on the right side of the dam) and 34 crest gates (21 on the left and 13 on the right side of the dam) with a total length of 10.759 km long right dykes and 9.337 km of left dykes. The total length of the main dam is about 4.84 km that connects Burla town on the right and Hirakud town on the left. About 15 thousand cusec water is approximately discharged through one sluice gate per second.As per official sources, the water level of the reservoir was 605.35 feet on Tuesday and about 28 thousand cusec water was discharged through the gate and canals. The dam was receiving 1.33 lakh cusecs water per second as of on Tuesday, source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chirang/kokrajhar", "code": "15127887", "title": "Assam riots toll rises to 32; more than 70,000 flee homes", "text": "CHIRANG/KOKRAJHAR: With four rioters who defied curfew orders killed in police firing on Tuesday and nine more bodies recovered, the death toll in the five-day-old Bodo-Muslim violence in lower Assam districts rose to 32. Shoot-at-sight orders remained in effect for the second day in Lower Assam, and Kokrajhar town, an important trade hub, looked deserted. The situation was no different in Chirang's district headquarter, Kajalgaon.Since Friday, when the orgy of violence began, more than 70,000 people have fled their homes, with at least 60 villages belonging to both Bodos and Muslims in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts reduced to cinders. The spiraling violence led to the cancellation of 11 trains that left around 20,000 passengers stranded in different places in the state.In relief camps, overcast skies, billowing smoke, and pale faces of hundreds of people huddled in groups spoke of the scale of the human tragedy, inviting comparisons with the last time such killings had occurred, in 2008, when 60 people were butchered and more than one lakh displaced in the violence between rogue elements among Bodos and Muslims. Late Tuesday, inspector-general of police S N Singh confirmed 32 dead but other sources warned the toll could be higher and many wounded by either sickle or knife attacks or bullets could die in hospitals.Noor Jamal Mundul speaking to TOI from Amguri Higher Secondary School in Chirang district made a desperate plea for help. \"More than 3,000 of us have taken refuge in a school. The Bodos have surrounded us from all sides. The Assam police are outnumbered and the Army and the SSB are not helping,\" said Mundul on phone.Shahadat Ali (35) of Besorbari village in Chirang lost everything in the violence. It was a cloudy evening, when Shahadat, an auto-rickshaw driver, was preparing for Iftar with his family on Monday when a horde of violence-mongers gutted his house.\"I could save nothing. We rushed to relief camps with empty hands,\" Shahadat said, his eyes blank. At least eight villages in Chirang, mostly belonging to Muslims, were gutted by Bodo miscreants on Monday. The arson continued until Tuesday, with more Muslim villages being attacked.Tales of suffering are no less poignant from members of the Bodo community. Durga Basumatary of Malgaon in Kokrajhar ran for safety leaving behind her home and property, all of which is now gutted. She has no one to turn to for help and is disconnected with her family. Her village, Malgaon in Kokrajhar, was set afire by miscreants on Tuesday morning. About 50 houses were destroyed. Durga gasps for breath as she explains what she went through.\"We ran for our lives when our village was set ablaze. I didn't know where I was going when I left my village. My husband went in another direction,\" Durga wept.Like Shahadat, Muslims among the sufferers are sad about the rude interruption of Ramzan. And like them, the Bodos no longer see any joy in their upcoming post-harvest Nangalkrah celebration with their rice cultivation season ruined by the turmoil.In Kokrajhar, more than 25 villages belonging to both Bodos and Muslims have been burnt down since Monday night. Tensions ran high in Sishubari of Chirang district till on Tuesday when miscreants armed with firearms and sharp weapons reached the banks of Huthoti river, which divides the Bodo and Muslim villages. A face-off was averted after both sides assured that they won't enter each other's villages.\"Both sides agreed not to enter cross the river. We are relieved after our discussions,\" said All Bodoland Minority Students Union (ABMSU) leader, Shahjahan Ali Ahmed.While Sishubari is little relieved for the time being, other villages across Chirang and Kokrajhar live in fear. Outsiders are chased out and even journalists have been prevented from entering some villages.Amid fear of attacks, people continued to rush to 116 relief camps in Chirang and Kokrajhar district on Tuesday. People also rushed out of Bodoland Territorial Council for safety. About 600 Bodos have taken shelter in Kajalgaon relief camps, while over 5,000 Muslims have left their villages in Chirang district.As the violence continued, saner voices appealed for peace. \"We've had enough bloodshed. We want peace among different communities,\" said Sopra Mushahary of Kokrajhar. ABMSU Chirang district president, Shah Kamal Khondekar, said, \"We want an end to this violence as it helps no one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134718", "title": "GCA poll: No 'daya' for Daya in assembly", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa assembly adopted a motion congratulating Vinod Phadke and his panel on being elected to run the affairs of Goa cricket association even as MLAs demanded an inquiry into the alleged irregularities of the earlier regime under former Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar.Speaking after moving the congratulatory motion, Aldona MLA Glenn Souza Ticlo (BJP) said, \"At last, democracy has prevailed in GCA\" as till now, it was a \"one-man show\" who he said, ruled in total disregard to democr-atic norms.Stating that there was dictatorship in GCA, Ticlo said that dissenting voice and opposition was suppressed. Ninety six clubs voted for 'parivarthan', he said. PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, sounding highly critical of the functioning of GCA under Narvekar, said even selection was done arbitrarily. He hoped that the GCA will be a professional body now.Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar said there was family rule in GCA and no information was revealed on the grounds that it was not under the purview of the RTI Act.Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte (independent) alleged that besides luxury vehicles , GCA also owned yachts.Stating that all decisions were taken in a dictatorial manner, Khaunte said GCA had become a personal entity of Dayanand Narvekar.He urged the chief minister to make the facilities of GCA open to residents of Porvorim. To this, Parrikar said the government is all for it as the land on which GCA stadium and facilities are built, belongs to the education department and the facilities were funded by Information Technology (IT) department.Subhash Phaldesai, Nilesh Cabral, Pramod Sawant and Ticlo also demanded that the irregularities should be inquired into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mysore/bangalore", "code": "15133644", "title": "Train molestation victim may have hurt backbone", "text": "MYSORE/BANGALORE: Kavya, 19, who was allegedly thrown out of the running Yeshwantpur-Mysore train by four youths, appeared to be in a state of shock, and was incoherent in revealing her background and from where exactly she hailed. Kavya (name changed to protect her identity) said her father's name was Siddaraju, and that she was an orphan. She gave her house address in Vidyaranyapuram. But she failed to give the details of the main road. Vidyaranyapuram Extension has 10 main roads and as many crosses, and police could not locate her house.Doctors attending on her said she was in a semi-conscious state due to the sedatives they had administered, and she may reveal her real address and names of her family members once the effect of the sedatives wanes. \"Her legs have swollen up, and she is writhing in pain,\" a doctor said, adding that it is still not possible to say whether she had injured her backbone. As she is immobile, she may have injured her spinal cord, the doctor added. Kavya also told police that she worked in a garment factory in Bangalore and stayed with her grandmother in Mysore.\"I took leave to visit Mysore to see my grandmother,\" she reportedly told police. But police said that though Kavya claimed she was a resident of Vidyaranyapuram in Mysore, they suspect her to be a resident of Hubli. When TOI spoke to Kavya, she repeated the address given to police. She also gave a cell number which reached a youth who refused to speak, saying that it was the wrong number. Police officers at the hospital were hopeful she would regain complete consciousness and give all the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "maddur", "code": "15133349", "title": "Girl molested, thrown out of train in Karnataka", "text": "MADDUR: A 19-year-old girl who resisted a molestation attempt by a group of youths was kicked out of a moving train by them near Maddur on Tuesday afternoon. She survived miraculously, but suffered grievous injuries.Kavya (name changed) was pushed out of the Yeshwantpur-Mysore Express when it was travelling over the Kolli bridge, on the Shimsha river. She fell onto the dry river bed 25 feet below.A passenger who saw the girl being thrown out called Maddur police. She was taken to the Mandya Institute of Medical Sciences, where she is being treated for injuries to the head, backbone and legs.Scores of passengers who remained mute spectators to the molestation attempt later thrashed the culprits. Two youths were taken into custody at the Mandya station. Two others were picked up at Pandavapura later on suspicion of accompanying those caught earlier.Kavya said from her hospital bed: \"When the train was approaching Maddur station, four youths began teasing me and sexually harassing me. They passed lewd remarks and tried to molest me. When I said I would inform police, they pushed me out.\"An employee of a garment factory in Bangalore, Kavya was on leave. She was heading back to her home in Vidyaranyapuram, Mysore. An orphan, she stays with her grandmother in Mysore.Kavya boarded the general compartment at Kengeri. The four youths, who are believed to have entered the coach at Ramanagaram, began teasing her.When Kavya rebuked them, one of the youths tried to molest her.She got up from her seat and went near the door. The youths followed her and continued to misbehave. They pushed her out when she said she would inform police.As the train had just left Maddur, it was moving at a slow speed on the bridge.Police said Kavya might not have survived if she had hit a rock on the river bank. Luckily, she fell on the dry river bed.A passenger said the youths literally kicked her out. Another passenger claimed: \"If she had brought it to our notice, we could have done something.\"The miscreants were identified as Akbar, 24, Imran, 21, Shuban and Ahmed \u2014 all from Kalyanagiri locality in Mysore.VictimspeakI am a tailor at the Hinduja Garments factory in Bangalore. I was going to my home town, Mysore. When the train was approaching Maddur station, four youths began teasing me and sexually harassing me. They passed lewd remarks and tried to molest me. When I protested and threatened that I would inform police about their misbehaviour, they pushed me out of the moving train. I fell on the rocky ground and lost consciousness. When I regained my consciousness, I was under medical care. I was in acute pain and there was blood all over my body.Kavya | Garment workerTIMES VIEWWe need no gender assessment study to state that women find life outside their homes increasingly unsafe. Commuting on buses and trains is fraught with risks too, not to talk of general discomfort, thanks to overcrowding and lack of facilities. This case is more shocking because it brings to light the deteriorating social climate in Karnataka where hooligans can dare commit such heinous acts. What's worrisome for citizens is the government -- whose members are constantly squabbling over positions of power -- seems to be in no hurry to wake up to realities. Along with policy-makers, law-enforcers too have a big job on their hands in creating a citizenfriendly society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15135117", "title": "Army officials raid houses in Bercha range", "text": "MHOW: A team of army officials raided several houses in Bercha village of Mhow tehsil on Monday after a tip off that some people are collecting used bomb shells from the army firing range. They recovered large quantity of used shells from the house of two villagers.A team comprising range officer Lt Col A Srinivas, sttaf of the range office and police officials of Badgonda police station reached Bercha village and searched the houses they had been tipped off by their sources. From the house of one Kailash Bheel, they found that more than a quintal of the fuse noses of the mortar bomb spread on the floor beneath the bed. On this, the police took Kailash into custody and a large number of residents of the village gathered there.Lt Col Srinivas discussed the issue of trespassing into the firing ranges of the army with the villagers despite all the instructions and warnings given to them before the start of firing in the ranges. He urged the villagers not to put their lives into danger and venture close to the firing ranges.The villagers present requested the police for sparing Kailash and collectively assured the police and army officials not to violate the range discipline in future. The cache was confiscated by the police and Kailash was let off after a warning.Lt Col Srinivas, told Times of India that, \"Bercha and Hema ranges are acquired by the army and the government has paid compensation to the affected farmers. They have been given well developed residential plots in Naya Mhow area on AB road. Despite this some people are still living in the vicinity of the ranges just to collect the shells and sell the metal after melting them.Trespassing into the range\u00b7 A fuse nose of a 30 mm mortar bomb weighs about 300 gms and contains copper and brass. In the local market, it is sold for Rs 300\u00b7 The people involved in collecting the bombs shells are often under the influence of liquor, to ward off the fear of risking their lives in the firing rangeThe trespassers normally enter the firing range with an excuse to shoo away their cattle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130285", "title": "House rocked by Rs 124cr grain scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition on Tuesday hit out at food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh for shielding a state officials allegedly involved in corruption.Opposition leader Eknath Khadse even made a stinging allegation that no action was being initiated against the officials since the \"minister had a share in the pie\". NCP legislator Shashikant Shinde objected to the remark however it was not removed from the records. The opposition benches raised a query regarding the government response to \"Rs 124 crore food grain scam\" where illegal hoarding of grains was detected from a godown in Uran at the start of the question hour.BJP legislator Devendra Fadnavis alleged that while an FIR had been registered against the owner of the godown, no action was taken against the district supply officer Kiran Panbude. Claiming that a report by the department's vigilance team had found the officials guilty of connivance, Fadnavis demanded immediate suspension of the official.Almost the entire opposition side rose in protest after Deshmukh refused to honour this demand. The minister said that he would hold a hearing in this regard at his level in two days. \"Action will be taken if the official is found guilty.\" he added.Dissatisfied with the reply, Khadse alleged that the civil supplies department was a bed of corruption and alleged that the minister's office itself was involved in the misdeed. Despite being targetted, Deshmukh however did not change his stand. Opposition legislators stormed into the well and raised slogans against the minister and the government. The house was adjourned twice.Deshmukh stood his ground when house resumed. Opposition protested but relented after assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil said that the minister had agreed to make efforts to make a factual statement in this regard before the house on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15134671", "title": "Parra sarpanch sees red over 'illegal' land filling", "text": "CALANGUTE: The sarpanch of Parra, Delilah Lobo, on Tuesday morning stopped the alleged illegal filling of land near the Vithoba temple in Parra following complaints received by the panchayat.A police team from the Mapusa police station led by PSI SG Chavan and ASI VV Naik reached the spot following a complaint made by the sarpanch and took the labourers who were dumping mud into custody.Lobo said that the agricultural plot in which the mud was being dumped belongs to Claudio Pacheco, a former panch member of the Parra panchayat. On an earlier occasion too he had filled a portion of his property bearing survey No. 171/18 with mud, following which the panchayat had registered an FIR with the Mapusa police.On Tuesday morning she received a complaint that the fields were being filled with more mud, following which she rushed to the spot and also intimated the Mapusa police station. \"They are doing this without any permission,\" she told TOI.Pacheco claimed he had dumped five truckloads of mud in his property to plant coconut saplings. \"I've dumped five trucks of mud. It's not that I'm filling the mud to construct something. I've also cultivated the field and I want to plant coconut trees on the side of the field which is why I put the mud. This is nothing but politics. They're making an issue out of a non-issue. If she's so interested in protecting the natural purity and beauty of Parra, she should stop the construction going on in full swing next to the chapel in Britto vaddo,\" he said.Delilah is the wife of Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, and Parra is part of the Calangute constitutency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131600", "title": "New jobs in SMEs: Gujarat ranks 14th", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The buzzing industrial development in the state has helped little in creating jobs in small and medium enterprises sector. At least that's what a recent industry body report which compared job creation in SME sectors in different states of the country suggests. According to Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) report, Gujarat ranks 14th in the country when it comes to creating jobs in the SME sector between April 2011 to February 2012.The report said that a meager 8,058 jobs were generated in Gujarat in the sector during the period April '11 to February 15, 2012. In the same period, 43,000 fresh jobs were created in the sector in West Bengal , making it the frontrunner in the list of states. Andhra Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Assam , Karnataka, Bihar , Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Kerala, Jammu and Kashmir , Maharashtra remained ahead of Gujarat in creating jobs in the SME sector.The report said that Gujarat government helped about 1,494 SMEs which utilized a margin money subsidy worth over Rs 52 crore. The report said that over 4 lakh SMEs are currently operating in Gujarat with majority in the sectors textile (21.4%), metal (31.9%), chemical (7.6%) and tobacco products (7.5%).It said that SME units accounted for total investments worth over Rs 30,000 crore and an annual production worth about Rs 35,000 crore with Ahmedabad being the leading SME industry clusters followed by Rajkot and Surat.\"Gujarat is ranked 14th in a state-wise analysis of number of SMEs assisted, margin money utilized and estimated employment generation during the period. The state government is being urged to further strengthen and widen the base of the sector in Gujarat,\" the report said.The report said that due to steep and steady rise in raw material prices, interest rates and soaring transaction costs, the MSME sector in the state is reeling under huge pressure.\"The profit margins are shrinking and various micro, small and medium industrial units in the state are reluctant to expand their operations,\" the report said. However, Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (GCCI) members suggest most SMEs in the state had gone for an expansion in 2010-11 when in most parts of the country activity was low.An earlier report by CRISIL, a research and ratings agency, on the financial performance of SMEs in 2010-11 compared to 2009-10, said that Gujarat-based SMEs had grown by 31% compared to country's average of 26%. It said that the profit after tax (PAT) margin in Gujarat is 6.66% which is higher than the national average of 3.75%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134093", "title": "Teen hit by bus dies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Anupama Sarkar, 15, a student of Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS), Sector 18, who had been battling for life for a week in PGI, died on Tuesday. She was admitted to the PGI after being hit by a speeding CTU bus on July 17.The family members of the deceased girl alleged that she died due to the apathy of PGI doctors, while pointing out that they delayed operating upon the girl and did so only on July 20 after three days of the accident.Anupama's right leg had to be amputated after it developed gangrene. Chances of her survival became slim as infection spread to her abdomen.Talking to the media, while standing outside the PGI's mortuary, Amit Sarkar, father of the deceased girl, said, \"The dressing on the wound on his daughter's right foot was not changed even after two days of the accident and doctors only acted when Anupama's condition started deteriorating.\"Sarkar added, \"Doctors had planned his daughter's surgery on July 18 but postponed it, saying that there were more serious patients at the trauma centre.\"PGI doctors on their part said that they had to delay the surgery due to the heavy rush of patients at the Advanced Trauma Centre and claimed that the injured girl was intolerant to anesthesia due to poor health.Doctors have stated that the hospital is overburdened and each case is managed on the basis of priority. \"There are more than 10-11 new patients in the advanced trauma centre at any given time. We treat patients on the basis of priority. Saving a patient who is critical and about to die is preferable to the one who is just in pain,\" said Dr M S Dhillon, head of the orthopaedic department, PGI.Doctors also said that Anupama was not found fit for surgery, while the parents' allegation that she was ignored was refuted by specialists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133944", "title": "For stocks, Bhavans start a firm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The students and staff of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 27B, have initiated \"Ascension- rise above\", a company form of organization in their school which is a replica of a real-life joint stock company and its ownership lies in the hands of shareholders i.e. school staff and students. The aim behind it is to inculcate among students the tenets of business ethics, team building as well as reinforce accounting practices, marketing/ pricing strategies, production activities etc.The company is a diversified manufacturing company dealing in two different lines of products and services which are food products like corns, nachos, iced tea, ice-cream and lemonade and non-food products including customized goodies, wet face tissues and stationery.The company is managed and overseen by the Board of Directors Jayesh Jhunjhunwala, Naman Galhotra, Iresh Gupta, Abhinav Modi, Shraishth Jain and Geetanshu Gupta, who are all students of Class XII commerce. They are guided and supervised by an advisory panel of teachers comprising Anuradha Bhatia, Poonam Sondhi and Pratibha Verma.The Board of Directors are also the promoters of the company. The chief executive officer, Jayesh Jhunjhunwala, appointed by the Board ensures the implementation of the plans, policies and decisions of the company. The main customers are students, teachers and employees of the school. The company raised its initial start-up capital by issuing shares to the staff and students and raising a loan.This venture is committed to being a profitable, socially responsible, environmental friendly firm. The vision is to get beyond the limited zone, keep an ethically, environmentally and socially upright behaviour and be the best, said the CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15137177", "title": "Wipro CFO Suresh Senapaty: Hiring plans are on track", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro has said it has given salary hikes of up to 8 per cent to offshore employees and hiring plans for the year are \"on track\".\"We have given wage hike of eight per cent to offshore employees ... and three per cent hike (to those in western markets) ... Overall about 1.6 per cent has been the impact in terms of all the manpower cost related increases that we have given because there were some promotions etc in Q1,\" Wipro Executive Director and CFO Suresh Senapaty said here.He added that the country's third largest company is \"on track\" with its hiring plans for the year. He, however, declined to give specific numbers.Larger rival Infosys had said it will stick to its plan of hiring 35,000 people this year, but has pushed the decision on wage hikes to October on account of global economic uncertainties.On the contrary, country's largest software firm TCS had not only given hikes to the tune of 8 per cent, but also confident of meeting its target of hiring 50,000 people.Wipro has announced a net profit at Rs 1,580.2 crore for the first quarter ended June 30, 2012 (up 18.37 per cent), while total income from operation rose by 24.37 per cent to Rs 10,619.6 crore.The IT services segment, which constituted 78 per cent of the revenues) had 1,38,552 employees as of June 30, 2012 with an addition of 2,632 people in the quarter.Wipro saw a dip in attrition (last 12 months) to 15.6 per cent in Q1 FY13 from 22.6 per cent in the same period last year. Wipro Executive Vice President and HR Pratik Kumar said this was not unusual and corresponded with end of appraisal cycle, where those who have not performed are asked to leave. The company said it will continue to hire local talent, which is about 38 per cent of their onsite manpower strength.Over the past months, anti-outsourcing campaign against Indian technology companies has gained momentum in the US and the European Union , main markets for domestic software and IT service companies.Politicians and governments in these countries have been objecting to offshoring of work by their companies to countries like India so as to retain jobs back home. Industry experts have called such criticism a political rhetoric.Most Indian technology companies have been consistently hiring more and more in the western countries over the past few years to blunt the criticism of 'taking away' jobs. Western markets account for more than 50 per cent of revenues of Indian IT companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134159", "title": "SC ban on tourism in national parks: Guides, hotel owners worried", "text": "JAIPUR: The tiger town of Sawai Madhopur is in disbelief over the Supreme Court order banning tourism in the core areas of national parks in the country. The little town thrives only on account of tiger tourism that gives livelihood to many like the guides, drivers to the chain of hotels and the handicraft industry.In the past few years, Ranthambore saw quick proliferation of hotels, lodges and rented accommodations, all catering to the tiger safari in the reserve. \"At the moment there are 40-50 small and big hotels in Ranthambore and about 50 more are in various stages of construction. With an inventory of 2,000 rooms today, the place is expected to get another 500 rooms in near future,\" said Balendu Singh, a local hotelier and an honorary wildlife warden.While stressing on the fact that this is only an interim order, Balendu said: \"National Tiger Conservation Authority has been lobbying for a ban on tourism in the core area. If this comes around, it would affect eight districts in the state, namely Alwar (Sariska), Dausa, Dholpur, Karauli, Sawai Madhopur, Baran, Chittorgarh and Kota where tiger ranges fall in.\"Echoing the same, Yadevendra Singh, president of guides association said: \"The government with their limited resources cannot save the tiger. Tiger tourism is as big in Rajasthan as monument tourism in other places. With so much awareness about the tiger, importance of bio-diversity, conservation, tourism has increased leaps and bounds contributing directly or indirectly to the cause of the tiger.\"\"If 20 years back, there were only four gypsies that went into the forest, today even 40 are less. Today there are 104 guides, 300 vehicle owners and drivers and over 2000-3000 people who are directly or indirectly associated with the industry that are dependent on the tiger. It is in our interest to ensure that the tiger and its habitat are maintained,\" said Yadevendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15133792", "title": "On a pilgrimage for Jagathy Sreekumar", "text": "KOCHI: It's over four months since the Toyota Innova carrying actor Jagathy Sreekumar crashed into the median near Kozhikode, spreading gloom among fans, friends and family.Even as the actor is in the process of recovering at the Vellore Medical College in Tamil Nadu, Anil Kumar , his driver on that fateful day, is hobbling on his crutches, visiting temples and praying to the Almighty for the actor known more to bring tears through laughter.\"I pray for Jagathy chettan's quick recovery and for him to start acting again. I have offered prayers at many temples. I visited Ettumanoor temple and will go to others soon,\" Anil Kumar, who fractured his thigh bone in the accident, said. Recalling the March 9 nightmare, Anil, a taxi driver from Perumbavoor who takes Jagathy to film locations, said, \"We were on our way to Coorg. Soon after getting into the car, he started sleeping. When we reached the curve near Mambra near Kozhikode, there was fog. I heard him say something aloud and then everything went blank and all I could see was fog.'' When he realized the vehicle had rammed into the median, his first thought was that they were both 'finished'.But a call on his mobile from a friend brought him to his senses. \"Immediately after the accident, my mobile rang. Sitting in the driver's seat, I groped for the phone which fell under the seat. I managed to pick up the call and found it was my close friend Anil, a KSRTC driver, who was on the other end. I told him about the accident and he asked me to hand over the phone to somebody else. Then a truck passed by and I managed to wave to the driver. A person called Suresh came from the truck and I handed over the phone to him. He too was at a loss about what to do. At that time, we heard the sound of an ambulance coming. And we managed to stop it,'' Anil said. He then tried to get out of the vehicle and to his horror found his leg jammed. \"I opened the door but when I tried to move my right leg, I found it would cut into my skin. They later managed to pull both of us out,\" he said.The ambulance took them to MIMS Hospital, Kozhikode, which was already alerted by his friend who was at the Kozhikode KSRTC bus station at the time of the accident. Now, after four months of hospitalisation, Anil can walk with the help of crutches. He is also keeping a check on Jagathy. \"Though he can't speak, his relatives brief me about his progress. Going by their report, I feel he will be back to his normal self soon,'' he said.(Additional reporting by Aswin J Kumar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15135007", "title": "Angry over power cuts, farmers hold Powercom engineer hostage in his office", "text": "BATHINDA: Infuriated over endless power cuts, an aggressive group of farmers, held an executive engineer(XEN) of Powercom department Ranjit Singh, a hostage in his own office, in Rampura Phull, on Tuesday.The farmers, from Bharatiya Kisan Union and Ugradhan group, let go of the XEN only after intervention of the civil administration. It was all supposed to be just a routine affair, a protest dharna outside the XEN office, against long power cuts. But things turned nasty after the officer allegedly misbehaved with the villagers and refused to listen to their grievances.\"The villagers of Kotra, Bhundar, Mandikalan and Lehra Dhurkot had planned to meet the officers of powercom to register their protest. As per the scheduled programme we came to meet the XEN, but he misbehaved with the farmers. His rudeness angered the people and the agitated mob gheroed the office of Ranjit Singh and made him hostage in his own office for the entire day,\" said farmers' leaders Mothu Singh, Pawan Kumar and Harpreet Singh.Talking to TOI after his release, about his ordeal, Ranjit Singh said, \" I was neither given water nor allowed to eat for the entire day. The villagers took offence when I tried to explain that giving them power is not in my hands, but it is for the government to decide. I was not rude at all.\"The leaders of BKU Ekta group Kaka Singh Kotra and block president Bhola Singh said, \" The state government had announced that eight hours continued power supply will be provided to farmers for paddy crop, but in original we got only 4-5 hours supply. The villagers are facing more than 12 hours power cuts in a day. And when you ask the officials they misbehave. We will not tolerate this arrogance.\"After getting information, the officials of the Powercom department, DSP Randhir Singh Mann, Tehsildar Gurmail Singh and other officers reached the XEN office and talked to the protesting farmers but they refused to let the XEN go. It was only after assurance was given by the Powercom officials that they will not impose power cuts for long and on the request of administration, the agitating farmers freed Ranjit Singh in the evening, after eight hours of captivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15134474", "title": "Regional meets to 'Save Western Ghats' soon", "text": "MARGAO: Against the backdrop of Goa forest and environment minister Alina Saldanha's promise to seek inclusion of the Western Ghats in UNESCO's heritage list, this year marks the 25th anniversary of the historic 'Save the Western Ghats' march of 1987/88 which is considered to be one of the most important environmental movements in India.Goa, incidentally played host to the first meeting organized by the newly-formed 'Save the Western Ghats' group in 2009 to reinforce vigor in the movement that had taken a back seat, given that the magnitude of environmental issues across the Western Ghats had increased manifold.Earlier this month, Saldanha had pointed out that once the Goa stretch gets recognized as a world heritage site by UNESCO, Goa will automatically be in focus at national and international levels and it will help protect forests in the region.While environmentalists in the state were upset after UNESCO's list of world heritage sites had no mention of Goa, Saldanha said that a team of forest department officials, led by additional principal chief conservator of forest Richard D'Souza, has been studying details of the recent UNESCO decision, which tagged several sites in Western Ghats as world heritage.Applied Environmental Research Foundation (AERF, Pune) which is a part of the 'Save the Western Ghats' group is planning to hold a meeting in Goa shortly to gain a perspective on issues surrounding Western Ghat regions of Goa.\"Goa, once a rich state of the Western Ghats, has been facing destruction due to indiscriminate mining. Many civil society groups from Goa have been struggling to stop this and we look forward to the participation of such civil society groups,\" said Archana Godbole, founder, director- AERF, Pune, speaking to TOI.This meeting, which incidentally will also be held in the other states falling under the Western Ghats region, will lead up to a conclave in Mahabaleshwar, Maharashtra from November 30 to December 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134712", "title": "Pension of retired PU teachers not revised", "text": "PATNA: Even as people at the fag end of their lives deserve utmost sympathy and care from the society, thousands of retired university teachers in Bihar have been subjected to harassment and humiliation by the powers that be for the last several years. The UGC revised the payscales of university teachers with effect from January, 2006, but their monthly pension has not been revised till date.A delegation of the Patna University Retired Teachers' Association (Purta) led by its president B V N Sinha and secretary S K Ganguli met vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh here on Tuesday and handed over a memorandum, drawing his attention towards their sufferings due to non-revision of their pension.According to them, it was after much persuasion that the state cabinet about five weeks back decided to implement revised pension for the retired teachers of colleges and universities in the state. The Patna high court also recently directed the state government and the universities to pay revised pension to the retired teachers.Yet, the government and the universities are delaying it for the reasons best known to them. Some time back, the higher education department reportedly objected to the payment of revised pension to the teachers who had been promoted as readers and professors under the time-bound promotion statute. The department said as the time-bound promotion happens to be personal promotion and the post remains that of lecturer after retirement of the teacher concerned, the revision should be fixed in the grade of lecturer.This objection of the department was set aside by the education minister following a representation from the retired teachers. Yet, the state officials are sitting on the file relating to payment of revised pension, they said.About two dozen teachers of PU have started getting revised pension and the arrears of pension revision have also been paid to them, they said and urged the VC to take immediate steps for payment of their revised pension and arrears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134179", "title": "School awards website contract to Std X student", "text": "NAGPUR: When a city school decided to have a professional presence online, it started scouting for the best person to do the job. The school's director finally decided to give the assignment to someone best equipped for it - a student of the school. Jain International School's pre-primary section's website is being developed by Std X student Asad Dhamani, who has all the makings of an IT whiz kid.Anuj Badjate, director of Jain International, said, \"Asad has been a whiz kid and into technology all along. At the same time he is extremely professional and when I called him to my office for discussion he understood my needs well.\" The schools as well as Asad did not disclose the amount for which the deal was sealed but average rate in the market is around Rs 5,000. In a way, the assignment was a mutual necessity since Asad too wanted to take on the challenge.Asad said, \"when I was in Std VIII, I hacked my school's website to show its lack of security. My school website's interface had changed and it wasn't very visually appealing, at least to me, and I approached my principal for a web designing contract. Then a meeting with my school's management for set up where I was offered to first work on the kindergarten section's site. I discussed with the management on how the website should be and they awarded me the contract.\"Asad said he would make the site 'visually appealing to kids'. \"It won't have too much text content as kids don't like that. It will be more on the visual side with images, graphics etc. Flash technology has endless possibilities and most kindergartens develop their websites using it,\" he added.Asad's aim to be an entrepreneur got an early start. His tryst with technology goes back years as he started to tinker with computers at an early age. He said, \"since I was a kid, I have been impressed by technology and everything it can achieve. I was in Std V when I got my first computer and ever since I am hooked to it. Three years ago my computer had some problem and no one was able to repair it. So I reassembled it and repaired it all by myself. That was the start of things.\"The school's coordinator Kiran Joshi said, \"This year election of school captain was done through an electronic voting system developed by Asad. I am sure this has not happened anywhere in the city. It just goes to show the amazing talent this kid has.\" Asad is now trying his hand at developing an operating system and hopes he will have a prototype ready soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15134306", "title": "Another tigress loses life in territorial battle", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yet another tigress has been found killed, this time in North Brahmapuri range, in territorial fight. Carcass of the tigress was discovered near Dudhwahi village on Tuesday morning. A villager passing through the Adyal-Dudhwahi road first saw the carcass in the morning. He reported the matter to villagers of Dudhwahi who in turn informed a forest guard. On getting information senior officers of Brahmapuri forest division rushed to the spot. ACF NG Waghade claimed that tigress was 3-4 years old. He ruled out the possibility of poaching claiming that all vital body parts of the beast are intact.\"The carcass was recovered in compartment no. 125 of North Brahmapuri range. Its teeth, nails and skin are intact; hence there is no possibility of poaching. We have recovered signs of territorial fight on the scene. The tigress was killed in a fighting with another tiger,\" said Waghade.The scene itself gave impression of the territorial fight. The scrubs around the carcass were tampered. The dead tigress had multiple injuries. There were deep canine marks on its head. The claw injury marks were found on head, neck and back of the body. The carcass was fresh and it appears that scuffle between two tigers took place early in the morning, he said.\"We have also found pug marks of another tiger on the spot. An eyewitness claimed to have seen another tiger in the same area,\" Waghade said. Senior officers including CCF, Chandrapur forest circle, BSK Reddy and DCF, Brahmapuri forest division, Sanjay Thawre also visited the scene and inspected the carcass.Two veterinary doctors carried out the post mortem in the presence of NTCA representative Prafulla Bhamburbar, while Bandu Dhotre was present as representative of PCCF during the post mortem. Vets confirmed the cause of death as massive brain haemorrhage.\"It has severe canine injury on the skull, which caused haemorrhage leading to death,\" said Dr Parag Khobragade, who along with other vet Dr Megha Vankar carried out the post mortem. The carcass was cremated before senior officers and witnesses. Large mob of onlookers had gathered on the spot to see the dead tiger.Eight tiger deaths in 2012So far eight tigers have died in Chandrapur this year. This is third successive incident in which tiger has been killed either in territorial fight with another tiger or by any other animal. On June 29, a tiger cub, killed by wild dogs, was found in Dhaba range. On June 30, the carcass of a full grown tiger, killed in territorial fight with another tiger, was found in FDCM Junona range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134983", "title": "Clearing backlog on top of to-do list", "text": "MUMBAI: Twelve months have elapsed since the term of the previous Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee expired last July. The unprecedented delay has caused a small mountain of proposals to pile up before the new panel that was set up on Saturday. Apart from micro-level decisions, the committee will have to address macro-level policy issues like drafting a new list of heritage regulations and devising ways to incentivise conservation by private owners.Everybody from representatives of the urban development department to former panel members and heritage activists put clearing the backlog at the head of the new committee's to-do list. \"That and the task of getting the revised heritage guidelines cleared by the state government,\" says outgoing chairman Dinesh Afzulpurkar.In the absence of a functioning heritage committee it is the municipal commissioner who reserves the right to clear proposals, but given the busy profile of the job as well as the recent change of guard, this did not come into practice.Meanwhile, the state has a wish list for the new panel as well. \"The government expects the committee to devise ways of granting incentives to private owners who choose to conserve their old properties rather than destroy them. The previous committee had initiated the process of planning a heritage fund and that must be taken forward,\" says a senior UD official. However, a parallel proposal to fine those who damage or destroy heritage structures is not on the anvil.The state has already said it would like the heritage committee to tread a balance between the city's need for conservation and development. \"Most heritage buildings are located in south Mumbai and new infrastructure projects are coming up in that zone. The committee must curb its tendency to be overly enthusiastic, for this could jeopardise essential development in the name of heritage. Urban renewal calls upon us to take stock of crumbling, old buildings,\" the government official says. He recalls receiving complaints over neon signs installed by shops located in heritage buildings and says the conflict must be handled in a \"sensitive manner\".Ironically, lovers of heritage have similar expectations from the government. \"Mumbai has just 648 listed heritage buildings, which is barely 0.01% of the entire building stock, far lesser than other international cities. After the rules were diluted for Grade III buildings, we are left with barely 200-300. Remove government buildings from the list and you are left with a few anyway. Is conservation getting in the way of development or is it the reverse?\" asks the member of an earlier panel.Times View : Heritage panel has task cut outThat Mumbai has gone without a heritage committee for a year indicates the importance preservation of heritage has in our government's scheme of things. It also means the panel that takes charge now will begin with a backlog of files and issues. But that should not bog it down. To serve Mumbai's interests best, the new panel has to be authoritative enough to stop wanton destruction of heritage and sagacious enough to balance development demands with the conservation of the city's unique architectural history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133983", "title": "Opposition hails Yeddyurappa as good leader", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's speech in the legislative assembly on Monday has earned him admirers, most from the opposition parties. Congress and JD(S) leaders are using his criticism to embarrass the government. In the council on Tuesday, opposition leader SR Patil (Congress) referred to Yeddyurappa's speech and asked the government: \"The former CM has spoken well. I appreciate him. Aren't you ashamed?'' JD(S) leader Basavaraj Horatti hailed Yeddyurappa as a good leader.\"He may be in a different party, but I should admit he's a good leader. You (BJP party) have destroyed him.\" The leader of the house V Somanna chose to remain silent, but MLC Bharathi Shetty (BJP) tried to defend both the government and the former CM. \"He has spoken out of concern. The government will do its duty.\"Former minister CH Vijayashankar (BJP) hailed Yeddyurappa as a tall leader. \"Being a senior leader, he has the power to guide, chide and advice the government. The government will take appropriate measures,\" he said. Smiling BJP members tried to hit back by saying: \"We congratulate you for appreciating him. At last, you have realised how good a leader he is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15135072", "title": "Don't pay power tariff hike with retrospective hike: Captain Amarinder Singh", "text": "JALANDHAR: PPCC chief Captain Amarinder Singh has given a call to the people of Punjab and Congress workers not to pay the increase in power tariff with retrospective effect. He has told the people that if any action is taken by the power corporation officials, then they should inform the party leaders so that the move is resisted more vociferously.Amarinder gave this call while addressing a state-level dharna held outside the district administration complex to protest against the \"unprecedented\" hike in power tariff. \"It is injustice with the people that tariff has been increased retrospective effect from April 1. Don't pay the increased tariff for three past months,\" he said.Meanwhile, Congress leaders projected this hike as initiation of government's \"tax levying spree\". \"In the coming days, the state government would levy several taxes on people,\" Amarinder said. Later, he told media persons that state government was contemplating to levy taxes worth around Rs 9,000 crores per year and these would be in various sectors.The party leaders claimed that if state government could justify the hike then it should have levied it before the municipal corporation elections. \"Now the elections are over and now you would see a slew of new taxes,\" Amarinder said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134933", "title": "Govt clears Rs 632cr for e-Shakti project", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday approved an expenditure of Rs 632 crore for use of information and science technology to provide e-Shakti cards to 5.19 crore adult population, include 4.67 crore rural population, in Bihar.The principal secretary, cabinet coordination, Ravi Kant, said the money would be utilized for the extension of e-Shakti project across the state. The e-Shakti cards have already been distributed to 13.5 lakh people in the rural areas of Patna district. It has been designed to enable people to use it not only as job cards under the MNREGA schemes but also as a document to avail of benefits under different schemes of the government.According to Ravi Kant, the data collection work for providing e-Shakti cards in Nalanda, Vaishali and Muzaffarpur districts has been completed.The state cabinet also fixed the upper limit of stamp duties and registration fees for mortgaging property and the upper limit of registration fee for title deeds for industrial, residential and commercial loans. This would help the banks recover loans in case of non-payment.The cabinet OK'd a minor amendment to a rule of road construction department and, thus, exempted the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd from paying land usage charges for laying optical fibre cable under the roads. It gave approval to Rs 608-crore grant for payment of salary to 66,104 panchayat and prakhand teachers of primary and middle schools in the financial year 2012-13. It also gave its nod for promotion of demonstrators and lecturers of Government Tibbi College to the posts of lecturer and reader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132955", "title": "Indians asked to leave troubled Syria at the earliest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following three travel advisories for Indians planning to travel to Syria, New Delhi said on Tuesday that it had asked all remaining Indian nationals in Syria to get out of the country as soon as possible. MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said families of Indian officials posted at the mission in Damascus had also been asked to return home.\"The family members of Indian Embassy personnel are being evacuated back to India... there are less than 100 Indians left in Syria, of whom a majority \u2014 about 30 \u2014 belong to the Embassy. Those will also be thinned out,\" Akbruddin said. There are also some Indians belonging to the Missionaries of Charity present in Syria but they are not in areas of danger, he said.The worsening situation in Syria has prompted the 900-odd Indians living there to leave the country. As the violence has spread in Damascus and Aleppo, reports that Syrian president Bashar al-Assad may have moved his considerable arsenal of chemical weapons to the border to deter foreign attack has added to the alarm.Assad was also quoted as threatening that he would not hesitate to use the chemical weapons. The Syrian president suffered serious reverses last week as his defence minister and intelligence chief became victims to a suicide bomber, which many interpret as an indication that terror organizations like al-Qaeda may be fishing in those troubled waters.The Syrian army has been reportedly fighting heavy battles with opposition in the main cities, with neither side looking like they would give up. Western commentary preferred to dwell on the impending dissolution of the Assad regime, while other analysts believe that as long as the Syrian president retains control over defence and army structures it could be a prolonged battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134960", "title": "Potholes will hit image: Beverly Hills ex-mayor", "text": "MUMBAI: The poor condition of city roads has found resonance in former Beverly Hills mayor Jimmy Delshad's first visit to the financial capital. Representing the \"smart city\" , where citizens can sue the government for potholes, the city's pockmarked roads came as a big surprise to the former mayor who held office for two terms. Cratered roads not only put up a poor image of the city but also dissuade foreign investment, said America's highest-ranking Iranian-American elected official.Delshad told TOI that Beverly Hills uses flexible asphalt material to ensure roads do not crack up. Dry asphalt is taken to the spot and is used to fill potholes; a road-roller then melts the material. \"We have got roads built in three stages, using asphalt. We have three trucks\u2014one for lifting rubble, another for placing asphalt and the last for leveling it as its weight and heat compress the granular asphalt,\" said Delshad.Interestingly, Beverly Hills uses a system similar to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's pothole-tracking system. \"Citizens can click pictures or send text messages pertaining to civic complaints,\" he said.An ardent supporter of technology-driven civic administration, Delshad said the civic administration has not harnessed the actual potential of technology. To drive home his point, Delshad displayed an application on his phone, Ask Bev, to cater to citizen grievances by putting them in touch with the civic administration. TOI has learned that while inviting Mumbai's first citizen Sunil Prabhu to Beverly Hills, Delshad suggested he utilize the power of technology being churned out by several companies in India.Delshad said a prominent actor had got an inflated water bill, but soon after that the Beverly Hills administration introduced wireless water meters, which enabled them to monitor the amount of water being supplied and to detect leaks. The BMC is working on similar lines but the administration maintains it is not easy to implement such ideas when water meters are stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134379", "title": "Most state engineering colleges in Rajasthan fail to get students", "text": "JAIPUR: Technical education in the state has again received a setback as engineering colleges failed to fill 100% seats this session. The first counseling ending on Saturday has left 30,000 seats vacant, the highest since inception of the Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) in 2005.Many eligible candidates, who have cleared RPET entrance exam, had given a miss to the first counseling sessions held for admissions in the engineering colleges affiliated with RTU. About 75,000 students were declared eligible for admission in 54,000 seats of 150 engineering colleges in the state.\"Only, 24,000 students had appeared in the counseling leaving a big survival question for many of engineering colleges. There is little hope left as the second and third counseling had always been a failure to attract students,\" an admission official said.The situation this year is so bad that about 30 colleges had not even touched the second digit in terms of admissions. Off the total colleges, only eight including five in Jaipur, are lucky enough to register the magical figure of 100% admissions.\"I am shocked by the response. But it was expected considering the previous years responses. It has primarily nothing to do with quality but with the demand and supply mechanism,\" said R P Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU.The poor response will leave many colleges to declare 'zero session' again this year. The management of these colleges has failed to understand the disinterest of students against these colleges.This situation has sent jitters to the upcoming educational institutes. Since 2007, the technical education institutes had seen a growth of 30% each year. This year, the department of technical education had granted permission to 20 new management colleges and 50 engineering colleges, including 24 evening colleges.Notably, a vacant college amounts to waste of government land, which is given to institutes at cheaper rates. Yadav feels that the government should have allowed engineering and management colleges to come up in the small towns and cities.Most of the students who go to other states for higher education complaint that the state technical university doesn't offer branches which are very popular in the market like aviation, nano technology, automobile and petroleum among others. For management, barring a few colleges, the rest of them fail to give corporate environment necessary for their growth, the students said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130119", "title": "Indira Sagar project: Gammon India, Madhucon move high court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two consortiums of construction companies led by Gammon India and Madhucon on Tuesday filed separate petitions in the AP high court urging it to prevent the state from finalising the construction contract pertaining to Polavaram ( Indira Sagar) project, the tendering process of which is about to be completed now.Both the construction consortiums expressed reservations about the way the irrigation officials went about in disqualifying them and in short listing two other companies for the job.While Madhucon in its petition made Soma-CGGC joint venture, one of the two shortlisted firms, a respondent apart from the state and its irrigation wing, Gammon petition confined itself to making the state and irrigation department as respondents. Both the companies have charged the authorities with functioning in a non-transparent manner.They urged the court to prevent the finalisation of the contract in favour of one of the shortlisted consortiums and also to stay the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130373", "title": "Liquor prices set to go up in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Liquor prices of medium and premium brands are all set to go up in the state from August 1 with the APBCL ( AP Beverage Corporation Limited) all set to allow the distillers to go for a 'backdoor' price variant method and sell the liquor at higher rates.According to sources, the Price Negotiation Committee of the APBCL at its meeting on Tuesday decided to hike the basic prices of medium and premium brand liquor by at least 15%. However, they decided to spare cheap liquor and beer of any such hike. With this, tipplers may find themselves forced to spend at least Rs 10 more on a quarter bottle for the medium and premium brand of liquor from the first week of next month.\"The committee decided on the hike following pressure from the manufacturers of medium and high-end liquor brands and the move is being opposed by the manufacturers of cheap liquor brands,\" said sources. A report would be submitted to the state government on Wednesday and once approved, will come into effect on August 1.As per the Trade Mark Registration Act, the basic prices of the standard brands cannot be altered and remain uniform across the country, with the sales tax charged by the local state government contributing to the variation in prices. However, in AP, the breweries corporation is reportedly allowing a sly method what is called price variant route wherein the names of existing brands would be tagged with a prefix to make it appear a separate brand. Thus a Bagpiper whisky will reach the tippler with the new name Bagpiper Select and with an increased price tag. While Bagpiper whisky is classified under the cheap liquor category within the slab of Rs 450 per bottle, Bagpiper Select will come with a price tag of Rs.528 per bottle thereby graduating to the medium brand. Similarly, existing medium brand drinks like DSP and McDowell whisky will come with a new price variant and a price tag so that they are considered to be premium brands. Even in the premium segment, the prices are set go up in the same manner and brands like Blenders Pride and Teachers would come with a new price variant.Meanwhile, the AP Wineries &amp; Distilleries Association chose not to comment on the proposed hike. \"Whatever is happening would definitely change the dynamics of the trade in the state and at this stage, it is better not to comment,\" Niranjan Lal Agarwal, president of the association, told TOI.The retail traders feel their trade would be hardly affected as the main volume of their sales depends on cheap liquor. \"As long as the prices of cheap liquor are not changed, our business is not going to be impacted. We are not concerned about the prices of the medium and premium brands,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers Association.Neither managing director of APBCL nor excise commissioner was available for comment. Ashutosh Misra, principal secretary, revenue, offered no comments saying the price fixation was commissioner's concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15128425", "title": "SC bans tourism in core areas of Project Tiger forests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Popular destinations inside tiger reserves like Dhikala in Corbett will soon be out of bounds for tourists as the Supreme Court on Tuesday imposed an interim ban on all tourist activities in core areas of Project Tiger forests.Irked by the lethargy of states in complying with the court's three-month-old order directing them to notify core and buffer zones of tiger reserves, national parks and sanctuaries, a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and F M I Kalifulla said if there was no action within three weeks, environment secretaries concerned could face contempt proceedings in addition to being saddled with a cost of Rs 50,000.\"Till final directions of the court, core areas in tiger reserves will not be used for tourism activities,\" the bench said in an interim order passed on a PIL filed by Ajay Dubey alleging that commercial exploitation of core areas through tourism was seriously intruding into breeding of tigers and their habitat.States are reluctant to notify buffer zones as this can mean relocation of villages and resorts which is a social and economic problem they would rather not have to deal with. The interim ban is expected to goad the states in the right direction by shutting down the core areas which in some reserves like Corbett are fairly overcrowded.The bench pointed to the gravity of the situation, saying, \"The effect we can see is that tigers are virtually on the verge of extinction. You will only have statistics to count upon.\" It came down hard on Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra for delaying notification demarcating core and buffer zones under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.The bench took exception to non-compliance of its April 3 and July 10 orders asking states to notify the core and buffer boundaries with only Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and Rajasthan reporting full compliance. It imposed a cost of Rs 10,000 on non-complying states.Former deputy chairman of Uttarakhand Forest and Environment Advisory Committee Anil Baluni reacted sharply, saying this would deal a death blow to tourism in Corbett as popular tourist destinations Dhikala and Bijrani fell in the core area. He said he would move the court with data to apprise it about interdependence of tourism and conservation.However, senior advocate Raj Panjwani, who assisted the court as amicus curiae, said it was a good order for conservation of tigers. He also requested the court to approve the guidelines framed by National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) on eco-tourism, which attempted to strike a balance between tourism and protection of the ecosystem in tiger reserves. The court posted further hearing on the PIL for August 22.The NTCA, in its report to the Supreme Court, had recommended ban on tourism activities in the core areas and wanted it limited to buffer areas. \"There is a need to adhere to the amended provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act in terms of the core/critical tiger habitat or critical wildlife habitat that have defined the need to provide inviolate core and buffer areas (designed for co-existence) in tiger reserves,\" It had said.The core area is kept free of biotic disturbances and forestry operations, where collection of minor forest produce, grazing and human disturbances are not allowed. The Act defines buffer zone as the area peripheral to the critical tiger habitat or core area providing supplementary habitat for dispersing tigers, besides offering scope for co-existence of human activity.The NTCA had said, \"The buffer zone of a tiger reserve will not have the status of a national park or sanctuary. Buffer areas with forest connectivity are imperative for tiger dynamics, since such areas foster sub adults, young adults, transients and old members of the population. Habitat management and improvement activities will be carried out in the existing habitat of tiger and its prey species through active involvement of local communities.\"During the earlier hearing, the court was told that buffer zone constituted of fringe areas of tiger reserves up to a radial distance of 10 km, which had in the past witnessed largescale construction of hotels, mass tourism, and night safaris -- all disturbing the roaming of wild animals at night in search of corridors.The NTCA had said that fringe areas had corridor value and their ecological sustainability was important to prevent the area from becoming ecological sinks on account of overuse of resources and unwise land use.Times ViewAt a time when there is growing interest in sighting the big cat, the Supreme Court's decision to ban tourists from entering core tiger areas could actually turn out to be a setback for tiger conservation. Regulated presence of tourists actually acts as a sort of protection for animals and as a deterrent to poachers. Minus any legal human presence, poachers may get an unhindered run of the core areas. In fact, there may not even be a check on the work being put in by forest officials. Sharp-eyed tourists are known to have brought violations to the notice of officials and keep them on their toes. It would have been better to remove all human settlements from the core areas and give a free run to tigers, and a slightly restricted one to tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127850", "title": "Jharkhand government gives green signal to free education for reformed rebels", "text": "RANCHI: In its bid to bring back rebels to the mainstream, the Jharkhand government has approved a proposal of the home department to provide free education to surrendered rebels and their children even in private educational institutions. The state cabinet on Tuesday approved the amendment in the surrender and rehabilitation policy of the state. According to the policy of 2009, the state was to provide free education to rebels and their children only in government schools. In the past two years, around 50 rebels have surrendered in the state.State cabinet secretary N N Pandey said, \"Now the rebels and their children will be able to study in private schools and colleges of their choice. The only condition will be that government will not provide any capitation fee or donation for admission in private institutions. The maximum fee payable by the state government will be Rs 1,000 per month per person,\" he added.From now onward any surrendered rebel and their children will be entitled for the benefit, Pandey said. In case of son, the facility will be available till he attains 24 years or completes graduation whichever is earlier. In case of daughter, the facility will be till she get married or completes graduation whichever is earlier.Sources in the home department said other benefits like cash reward of Rs 2.5 lakh, including Rs 50,000 at the time of surrender, security of the family members and free land for construction of home and farming would continue without change.The state government also approved the Jharkhand Victim Compensation Scheme. In case of death in any violence, the family of the victim will be entitled for a compensation of Rs 2 lakh. If the person suffers from permanent disabilities, the amount will vary from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000.\"In case of rape victims, the compensation paid by the state will be Rs 50,000 for minor girls and Rs 20,000 for adult,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129558", "title": "Youth 'sets ablaze' Kurla girl, booked", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old youth, Devendra Bansode, has been booked for allegedly setting ablaze a 23-year-old girl, Priyanka Kamble, at her fifth-floor flat in an SRA building in Kurla. Kamble suffered 90% burns while the accused suffered 50% burns.Investigators learnt through the locals that Bansode was having an illicit relationship with Kamble and the matter worsened around 1.30am on Tuesday after his visits at the victim's flat. \"Bansode frequently visited the victim's flat after her father passed away. The victim and her mother considered him as a family member. However he was having an illicit relationship with the girl and her mother too,\" people from the locality said.The incident occurred half-an-hour after Bansode stepped into Kamble's flat situated on the fifth floor. On seeing Bansode, Kamble's mother stepped out of the house and stayed in the common passage on the floor.\"In the complaint, Kamble's mother Nirmala said that Bansode has set her daughter on fire. Meanwhile Bansode claimed that he suffered the burns when he tried to save her who poured kerosene in front of him and lit match-stick,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.The matter was observed when the victim's mother found smoke emitting from her flat and the next moment heard her daughter's scream. \"On hearing the scream, neighbours rushed out and entered Kamble's flat after breaking the door and found Kamble was burnt while Bansode was found hiding to a corner. They manhandled the half burnt Bansode. Somehow he managed to give a slip,\" said a Kurla police officer.The officer said Bansode called one of his friends for help and drove to hospitals in the locality but the officials denied him admission as it was a burn case. \"Bansode returned back to the building premise where the victim stays. People took him along with Kamble in a taxi to the Sion hospital,\" said the officer.Bansode is booked under IPC Section 307 (attempt to murder). Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134496", "title": "Rs 150 unlimited daily pass from August", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST committee on Tuesday cleared the proposal to introduce a Rs 150 daily bus pass for AC passengers. It is likely to be introduced on August 7, which is celebrated as BEST Day.TOI was the first to write about the pass. \"We aim to target tourists with this. They can travel on our AC buses for unlimited journeys throughout the day by paying just Rs 150,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. He added that a pass-holder could also travel on any of the other express, limited or ordinary red buses of BEST.\"By charging Rs 150, which is a reasonable amount, we also expect to increase our revenue collections from AC buses,\" Gupta told the panel.Committee member Suhas Samant said most of the AC bus routes were loss-making. \"Instead of Rs 150, we should charge passengers a hefty amount. After all, only the rich can afford to travel by AC buses,\" he said. But Congress member Ravi Raja said the Rs 150 fare was justified. \"The bus will be good for tourists and our party welcomes the decision taken by the administration,\" he added.Shiv Sena member Sunil Ganacharya said there were already problems with the RFID cards used for daily bus passes. In reply, Gupta said the administration was looking at alternatives.BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said they might not insist on RFID cards from tourists in future. \"For instance, we may ask foreign nationals to show their passports.\" At present, a daily pass-holder must have an RFID card, which has a number, the user's name and photograph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129596", "title": "Maharashtra not in a position to stop toll collection: Chhagan Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Tuesday dismissed political demands to turn the state's major thoroughfares and routes into freeways and said the state was not in a financial position to shut down toll collection at various nakas.State PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal assured that the government is committed to bringing in transparency in toll collection. He maintained that toll revenue is vital for the state's development and any protests to shut down toll nakas could hurt growth.\"I can understand political parties protesting if the common man is inconvenienced. However, the repercussions of such a campaign must be kept in mind,\" said Bhujbal in the Legislative Assembly.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray had earlier appealed to the people in the state to stop paying toll unless transparency is brought into the system. Taking on the MNS chief, without naming him, the NCP leader said it is easy to do hold such an agitation while sitting in the opposition.\"I challenge them (the MNS) to maintain and operate these (toll) nakas,\" said Bhujbal, while admitting that it was difficult for the government to make any drastic changes in the agreement with toll operators or else it would amount to a breach. \"We would be taken to court and forced to pay a heavy compensation to them,\" the minister added.There are nearly 178 toll nakas in the state on PWD and MSRDC roads and the National Highways. Of these, many are already being shut down in the absence of a steady cash flow. The MSRDC has shut down 25, while the PWD is considering shutting another 24 toll nakas.Earlier in the day, opposition parties raised the issue of corruption at the nakas and in tendering of contract for collecting toll. The opposition also claimed that the overall loss to the state exchequer due to corruption in toll collection is to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore. This should be probed by an independent agency.Meanwhile, leader of the opposition, Eknath Khadse, alleged the state exchequer has suffered a loss of Rs 10,000 crore in an MSRDC tender awarded to Mhaiskar Infrastructure Private Limited. This has happened despite the Reliance Infrastructure offering a better deal to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134443", "title": "Order takes a backseat even as speed continues to kill", "text": "JAIPUR: It's all on paper but where is the conviction to execute it? The state government in 2007 had had issued a notification for buses run by the state transport corporation and private buses to have speed governors. But it was never taken up effectively anywhere in the state. In 2012, so far, around 40 people have died and nearly 150 injured in road accidents. These accidents have mainly occurred on highways.Tuesday's incident in which five persons, including four schoolchildren were killed while 24 others were injured near Bhalta village in Jhalawar district has again shown how carelessly these buses and their functioning are carried out by the authorities.After the accident, the police have started investigations first to find out if the bus was had a geninue permit to ply bus on the route or not.Deepak Upreti, Transport commissioner was not available for comment despite several attempts to throw light on the issue.However, sources from the transport department said that unions of various private operators including buses and trucks have been opposing the installation of speed governors in these vehicles and the attempts of the transport department have failed to evoke response. In May, 2012 the truck and bus unions had also organised chakka jam in protest of installing speed governors for the vehicles.\"Speed governors have not been successful in the following states including Andhra Pradesh, Maharastra, Gujarat, Goa and Himachal Pradesh . In Rajasthan too it is difficult to have it since it has different and varied terrain,\" said Jagram Singh of Truck Dealers' Association.Even the Rajasthan High court has asked the state government to ensure compliance of speed governors in the state. On May, 2012 a division bench of Rajasthan high court had directed the state to ensure strict compliance of its 2007 notification on speed governors mandatory in school buses, public transport and utility vehicles.It was contended in the PIL, filed by an NGO Suraksha Foundation, that buses, tempos, mini-buses, school buses and other public utility vehicles do not follow any speed limit.The state government had issued a notification in 2007 fixing the upper speed limit for each vehicle and made it mandatory for all buses used in public transport to have a speed governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135020", "title": "Heavy rain enliven city life", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy downpour starting Monday night which continued till Tuesday morning resulted in a drastic dip in mercury levels as pleasant weather enlivens residents of the industrial city. After a long time, people came out on the roads to enjoy the pleasant weather and had full 'masti' while getting wet.A 18mm rainfall starting Tuesday afternoon was recorded by the met department. Citizens were seen enjoying 'Daal Bati' on the river banks as the water level raised owing to continuous rainfall. Many were seen shopping at markets and spending time on terraces which remained deserted even in the festivals due to scorching heat.The rains however added to commuter woes as traffic was slow.School and college goers too had a tough time who had to wait for conveyance.According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, there are chances of heavy rains in the coming days. The easterly wind will result in a moderate temperature.\"The wind has changed their directions which caused heavy rains in the region.The chances of rain are still prevailing owing to high humidity. It may rain heavily in the next 48 hours,\" informed a weather scientist.He added that the farmers need to wind-up their crop sowing work in the fields for this Kharif season as the dried fields have gained optimum level of moisture once again.Meanwhile, the maximum temperature dipped drastically by eight degrees at 28.5 degree Celsius on Tuesday. Thick clouds resulted in slight rise in minimum temperature which was recorded 24.9 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15134309", "title": "Illegal excavation charges baseless, says Karnataka Empta Coal Mines Ltd", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Karnataka Empta Coal Mines Ltd (KECML) has denied the charges of illegal excavation in its Baranj Moksa coal mine near Bhadrawati. Vice-president (co-ordination), KECML, Arun Hazare termed the allegation as baseless and held that patwari Vinod Khobragade's ignorance about the related revenue act created complications.Interacting with reporters, he said the company acquired land as per gazette notification and approved lease for mining. The government awarded land to the company for mining purpose and necessary land cost was deposited with the administration. \"The company is the owner of the land and is free to carry out lawful activities on its land,\" he said.Khobragade had charged KECML with revenue evasion to the tune of Rs32 crore through illegal excavation. He had also accused the district collector, district mining officer, Warora SDO and Bhadrawati tehsildar of backing the coal company and filed a complaint against them with revenue ministry for recovery of lost revenue from them.Complainant patwari had alleged that KECML began excavation on the land awarded to it even before company's name was included in 7/12 document. Khobragade had raided the alleged excavation site in April 2011 and forwarded a report to tehsildar for recovery of Rs2 crore royalty and Rs30 crore penalty for illegal excavation.Hazare said then tehsildar had issued a notice to them and the company had replied to the queries with necessary documents and evidence. \"The tehsildar was satisfied with the reply and the case was closed. All taxes and dues were promptly deposited by the company. Allegations of evasion of revenue were baseless. We are ready for any inquiry,\" he said.He alleged that Khobragade was trying to pressure the company to purchase his land near Baranj and also his house located in the village that had been acquired by the company. As the company did not succumb to his pressure tactics, he created a false case, Hazare alleged. He claimed that the company had initiated legal action against Khobragade and issued a legal notice of Rs1 crore for defamation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15135015", "title": "Manipur resolves to revive river lift irrigation stations", "text": "IMPHAL: The state government has decided to revive all River Lift Irrigation (RLI) stations under the minor irrigation department functional to relieve the state from the drought-like situation. The decision was taken by the state cabinet on Monday after studying reports of the ministerial teams that made a spot survey of paddy fields across the state.Four ministerial teams led by two ministers surveyed the paddy fields in the state for the last three days. The teams were set up following an earlier meeting of the cabinet convened on Friday.Owing to scantly rainfall in the last few months, large chunks of paddy fields remains uncultivable. Sources said the state is facing a deficit of 37 per cent rainfall this time. Till Thursday, the state received only 63 per cent rainfall during the Kharif season.The cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh decided that besides reactivating the RLI stations, the minor irrigation department will provide the required diesel to generate the water pumping machines.On the other hand, the agriculture department will identify paddy fields that have no source of water and cannot be irrigated through RLI and study the extent of damage in the areas. It will chalk out a proposal for adequate support measures through alternative cropping of rabi crops.The cabinet also resolved that the agriculture department will coordinate and liaise with other departments at both state and local levels to ensure irrigation and extension services wherever feasible. It decided to review the situation in another cabinet meeting to be convened after a week.Meanwhile, irrigation and flood control minister Ngamthang Haokip instructed the officials concerned to release water from Khuga multipurpose project to the paddy fields in Churachandpur district.The All Manipur Progressive Farmers' Association that declared 'de facto' drought in the state has already threatened to launch a strike if the government fails to take necessary steps to address the situation by Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15134554", "title": "Collector raids Aavin outlets", "text": "MADURAI: District collector, Anshul Mishra, on Tuesday conducted surprise raids at a few Aavin outlets, where several discrepancies were found. After the district administration started receiving complaints from the public that the Aavin milk packets meant for distribution to the consumers were being sold in retail shops at a higher price, Mishra conducted the sudden raid along with other officials.During the raid, M Nagarajan, vendor at Aavin shop number 83 in K K Nagar was caught red-handed when he was supplying milk packets in bulk to the nearby tea shops. In another incident, officials seized half-a-litre packets from a vendor, Ramakrishnan of shop No. 105 in K K Nagar bus stop, who was supplying the milk packets to houses through his son. It was found that he was collecting Re1 extra per packet to distribute to the the houses. Three provision stores in K Pudur were also found to be selling the half-a-litre sachets for Rs 17 against the stipulated price of Rs 15 and the shop owners admitted that they procured the milk from the nearby Aavin kiosk No. 143 and other vendors near Lourdu Nagar.The shop owners acknowledged their mistake and the milk packets were seized from them and handed over to the Aavin superintendent. The collector also instructed the general manager of Aavin to initiate action against the shop vendors who were involved in the malpractice. During the raid, the kiosk numbers, 102 at Anna Nagar, 139 at Melamadai and 1232 at K Pudur bus stand were found to be locked though the milk packets were supposed to be distributed that time. Hence, Mishra asked the Aavin officials to take action against those vendors too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138276", "title": "It\u2019s China calling for Lucknow artists", "text": "Artists from the state have been selected to participate in the Fifth Beijing International Art Biennale.It's certainly a big high for Lucknow's art fraternity as seven artists from the city have been chosen to display their paintings at the upcoming Fifth Beijing International Art Biennale, to be held in September in Beijing, China. What's a matter of pride is that of a total of 13 artists chosen to represent India, more than half are from UP's capital Lucknow.The Beijing International Art Biennale, held once in two years, was formed just before the 2008 Olympic Games. The biennial exhibition aims at supporting and promoting innovation of easel art and to make contributions to the development of world art. The organization focuses on showcasing native contemporary arts, encouraging new concepts and identifying arts around the world and promoting them internationally. The exhibition to be held next month has more than 200 participants from over 90 countries.One of the participants, Lucknow lad Vidya Sagar Singh, who has done his D Phil in painting from the Allahabad University, says, \"I had participated in the third biennial, so, this year too i sent in my works. It's a very good platform for artists like me.\"Elated at being able to participate in this international event is Mainaz, for whom this will be the first trip to a foreign city. The student of Visual Art from Lucknow University says, \"My seniors in college told me about this exhibition. For participation, all I had to do was fill an online form and email pictures of my paintings. The officials of the Biennale liked my painting which showcases the bygone culture of Lucknow. It has a portrait of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah, hukkahs and the golden era of Awadh. Particpating in such an event is a very big thing for me.\"Another budding artist who's participating in the event is Sitanshu Maurya who says that for his art to be exhibited and appreciated by people from all across the world is surely going to add to his CV. \"Ab issey achhi kya baat hogi ki meri kalakriti China mein exhibit hogi. It will surely benefit me professionally and personally. Plus, I will be able to see the works of so many artists from different countries, know about them probably also strike a deal or two,\" says he.While getting selected might be a thing of celebration for the artists, the journey thus far has not been a cake walk. With absolutely no financial support from the government or any private organization it's quite difficult for the artists to participate in any such events. Shatrudhan Kumar Gupta, a MVA, from Lucknow University rues, \"We are all mostly from very humble backgrounds and have no government support. It's through our meagre income or the contribution made by our families, that we are able to participate. We all are paying for our own tickets to China. Badi mushkil se yeh paisa juta paye hain. The rest, that is the courier charges of ferrying our paintings to China, our boarding and lodging, is being sponsored by the Chinese government. Had that not been taken care of, we probably wouldn't have been able to go there at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15128239", "title": "M S University starts undergraduate course in co-operative management and rural studies", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's department of co-operative management and rural studies is starting undergraduate diploma course in co-operative management from this academic year.The department of faculty of commerce is starting the one-year full time regular course with 80 intake strength in which students will be enrolled on the basis of merit.A student who has passed HSc exam in any stream of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board or an equivalent examination from any other recognized examining body with English as one of the subjects shall be eligible to apply for admission in the course.Similarly, a candidate who has cleared SSC examination from Gujarat board with English as one of the subjects and has worked for at least three years in a recognized co-operative institution after passing the examination will be eligible for admission in the course.\"This course is meant for in-service personnel working with cooperative institutions and young students aspiring to join the upcoming employment opportunities in the cooperative sector,\" professor and head of the department Dr Sharad Bansal told TOI on Tuesday, adding that it is a grant-in-aid course.Incidentally, the department has launched the course in a year which the United Nations General Assembly declared as the International Year of Co-operatives (IYC). 'Co-operative enterprises build a better world' is the theme to celebrate the IYC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133616", "title": "Inner Wheel session gets yummy start", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Inner Wheel Ladies Club started their year (2012-13) with cooking as the theme for their first meet, held at Sutlej Club in the city. The club members enjoyed delicious food and participated in a cookery quiz conducted by renowned chef from the city Manju Dewan.\"It could be a hobby for some and a passion for others, but cooking is something that every woman enjoys and likes to acquire the skill. That is why we decided to keep the first meet based on cooking,\" said Poonam Bindra, a member.The members met under the president ship of Sushma Sood. \"This being the first meet of the year, the emphasis was on discussing the activities for the year in line with club's philosophy of service and fellowship,\" said club secretary Harpreet Kaur.Dewan, who has authored a book called \"Dawat-e-Khas\", showed a cooking demo to the club members, providing them valuable tips for cooking vegetarian food as she specializes in same.She demonstrated recipes such as Anari Chaat, Baked Poha, Purple Mood (made with jamuns), Skin Glow Smoothie, a guava drink and Muesli, which is a healthy food for women in their fifties or above.Dewan interspersed her talk with useful kitchen tips, while the members who shared their useful tips from their kitchens, were given prizes for the same.Sood took the opportunity to honour all the past presidents at the occasion. Among the Inner Wheel members present for the first meet were Ripi Chhatwal, Abhilash Oswal, Nirmal Oswal, Kamla Jain, Manjula Jain, Veena Bhandari, Navneet Sarabjit Singh , Namrata Singhania, Kiran and Vandana Mehra.The meet concluded with a delicious lunch of \"kheer\" and \"puras\" to mark the month of Sawan.\"We enjoyed the meeting and started this session on a good note,\" said club member Namrata Singhania.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135156", "title": "After Common Entrance Test result, seat allotment begins", "text": "INDORE: After the announcement of result of the Common Entrance Test (CET), the seat allotment process started here on Tuesday. A total of 599 seats were allotted to the students in various university teaching departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV). The allotment process started at 10.30 am and concluded at 5.30 in the evening. The seat allotment process will continue on Wednesday.There are ten students who have applied for more than one course and nearly 279 students have applied for course upgradatation. Rajendra Singh, chairman, CET coordinating committee, said, \"There are a total of 2,698 seats that have to be filled through counselling process. On the first day, nearly 600 students have marked their choice. The process will continue further.\"Day I: Seat Allotment StatusGroup Seats Available Seats AllottedA (MBA) 920 180B (MBA) 340 95C (MCA &amp; BCA) 310 56D (MA/MSc) 488 138E (M.Com) 265 48F (LLM/MLISc) 125 27G (BA/BSW/BALLB) 250 55TOTAL 2,698 599", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "doctor arrested", "code": "15128913", "title": "Doctor held for demanding bribe", "text": "Doctor arrested: The CBI, Pune, on Tuesday arrested Pravin Girnal, a doctor, for allegedly accepting Rs 1,600 as bribe from a central railway employee at the Lonavla railway hospital.CBI additional superintendent of police S P Singh said Girnal demanded bribe to issue a medical certificate so that the employee could get his leave extended.The employee registered a complaint against Girnal with the CBI's anti-corruption bureau. A CBI team led by inspector Sheetal Shendge laid a trap and caught Girnal red-handed while accepting the bribe. tnnThe CBI team conducted searches at Girnal's residence at Lonavla and Pune, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131848", "title": "Drug abuse and violence in teens alarms parents in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recent case of teens vandalizing and setting 13 parked vehicles on fire shocked the city. That many of these boys regularly got high on drugs like charas and ganja and by sniffing petrol was equally alarming. Parents of kids in the same age group, with equally easy access to money and vehicles find this nightmarish. One of their own teens could as easily have been apprehended.Welcome to the world of drug abuse, which is getting younger in the city. Many schools and colleges have drug peddlers in their vicinity, on the prowl for fresh addicts. Popular hangouts for school and colleges students such as snack parlours and coffee bars are turning into breeding grounds, where new entrants get experimental. Experts and police officials blame the lifestyle of urban teens for the trend, while some attribute it to disintegrating families and the lack of connection between parents. Dr Hemang Desai, a city-based psychiatrist and de-addiction specialist, said that the average age for the drug and substance abuse has gone down over the years. \"Earlier, the entry age used to be above 18 years. Nowadays, we are getting teens as young as 15 or 16 years old, deep in addiction. We have mostly seen abuse of cannabis (ganja) and its extract hashish (charas), in this age group,\" he said.The city has four NGOs and government agencies working on de-addiction of narcotics and other substances such as alcohol and medicines. According to facility officials, three years ago, there were 30 to 40 cases of youths younger than 20 years old reported but the number has increased to above 60 since 2010.How do young teens get into the habit? Experts say factors such as hookah bars and failing family systems are responsible. \"Youths start smoking 'grass' and 'goli' right with the hookah. It was mainly a group activity and guilt is thus less,\" said a city-based psychologist. He adds that as checks from the family reduced and incomes increased, it gave rise to breed of rich kids without much to do.Agencies promise crackdownNarcotics Control Bureau (NCB), state Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS), CID (crime) and city or district police are the agencies responsible for keeping drug and contraband activities in check in the state. While NCB mainly deals with major cases of transport of drugs into the state, ATS and local police gets cases at the level of dealers. Police officials however confess that the net of drug peddlers and users is so intricate that it would take a dedicated effort to look through it. Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, said that they have got information from the teens caught for the arson, as well as from other sources about major drug peddling hubs. \"The crackdown will take place soon. We urge citizens to pass on information to prevent crimes that harm the youth,\" he said.Shrink-SpeakIrregularity in school is the first signPsychiatrist and de-addiction specialist Dr Hemang Desai says that majority of the cases involving drug abuse among teens, which were referred to him, were brought in by parents who were tipped-off by the irregularity of their ward in attending school or tuition classes! \"The first sign is rapidly declining attendance in school or sudden failure in academics. I have been seeing three 16-year-old boys hooked to cannabis and all of them were brought in by their fathers who were told that their child had become highly irregular in taking classes,\" said Dr Desai.Disintegrating family values to blameDr Desai says that the rising drug abuse in teens is due to disintegrating family system and family values. \"Drug abuse is a kind of sociopath. The families are not closely knit or communicative. Many families do not even have meals together. On the other hand, with bombardment of media, children are more exposed and prone to experimentation, often succumbing to peer pressure\". Teens belonging to families that do not share or express love, are more likely to fall prey to drug abuse. \"Children, who are loved, encouraged and share a healthy communication with their parents are more immune to experimentation with drugs as compared to those who come from disintegrated families\".Times ViewThere was a time when drug abuse among students in Ahmedabad was restricted to some premier institutions of higher learning where most of the students used to be non-locals. The scene has changed dramatically in the last few years and there are reports of rampant abuse in several schools and popular hang-outs of teen-aged children. While parents and teachers have the primary duty of detecting such deviant behaviour, the law-enforcing authorities must check the flow of banned substances into the city and the easy availability of potentially dangerous drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132260", "title": "Cops bust vehicle theft racket, 7 held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Tuesday nabbed seven miscreants including six auto-lifters and one scrap dealer and recovered a dozen two-wheelers from their possession. Cops also arrested the kingpin of the gang. The gang leader was identified as Rahul Shukla, while the scrap dealer was identified as Abdul Qayyum, both residents of Sitapur district. Others who were arrested include Naeem, Usmaan, Jabir Ali, all residents of Sitapur and Rajkumar Gautam and Dilip Kumar Gautam, both residents of Hardoi.According to police, the arrests were made following a tip-off. Acting on the same, the Vibhuti Khand police had launched a checking of the vehicles and it was during the checking that the police nabbed the kingpin Rahul Shukla. The gang's kingpin revealed about the other members of the gang and scrap dealer where they used to sell the stolen motorcycles, station officer Novendra Singh Sirohi said.Elaborating on the modus operandi, Sirohi said the auto-lifters used to lift the two-wheelers and then used to send it to the scrap dealer Qayyum. The scrap dealer then used to cut the vehicles into pieces while selling tyres and tubes of the vehicles at a handsome rate and other materials as scrap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132667", "title": "Tree Authority to get tough on violators", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driving a nail through a tree can technically land one in jail for a year. Delhi's Tree Authority, set up in 2007, will shortly issue a fresh directive for preserving trees in the capital. Members said that they had been receiving several reports on the \"ill-treatment\" of trees across the city and would take strict action against those violating the Tree Act of 1994.Sources said they had been told that all rules pertaining to trees, including girdling and nailing them, putting up hoardings and lights, and indiscriminate lopping were causing immense damage to trees. Since it would not be possible for forest department officials to carry out inspections everywhere, they would like residents to keep the department informed of such violations.\"Violation of the Tree Act can fetch a jail term up to one year. Offenders can also be fined up to Rs 1,000. These punishments are applied only in the most extreme cases but even small violations like driving a nail into a tree will not be overlooked. We would like residents to report any such damage to the forest department so that action can be initiated against the guilty,\" said a member.The Authority is also focusing on third party inspection of all plantations undertaken by the forest department and other civic agencies. \"Delhi has undertaken huge plantations in the recent past and we would like third party verification to ensure that work is progressing as reported and that plantations are healthy. Agencies like The Energy Research Institute and Forest Research Institute will be contacted for the purpose,\" said sources.The Authority is also considering the use of bamboo for tree guards. Tree guards are needed to protect plants when they are young but in several cases, even when the plant has matured, civic agencies have failed to remove guards which are choking the trees. \"All greening or road-owning agencies must remove tree guards in a time-bound manner to allow trees to grow without damage. We are also mulling the option of tree guards made from bamboo which will not affect the growth of trees in the long run,\" said a member.A tree protection unit, on the lines of NDMC's tree ambulance, will also be set up under all land-owning agencies. The Authority said that such units were essential to protect trees against pathogen attacks and to take other curative measures. Agencies like DDA, NDMC, PWD and the three municipal corporations will be asked to set up such units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134775", "title": "Protect water bodies of the state: MLAs", "text": "PORVORIM: Raising a concern over the pollution of drinking water in Selaulim dam, legislators suggested measures to protect important water sources, especially lakes, streams and ponds across the state.Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said that it is not only the high manganese content in Selaulim dam that is worrisome, though its presence is noticed three times a year, but there are also four types of impurities. \"The bed of the Selaulim reservoir has to be treated,\" he said.The site of the treatment plant has also to be shifted and mining dumps causing pollution need to be identified, Lourenco added.Stating that the next war will be over water, he suggested a buffer zone (no development zone) around big water sources to protect the resource for the future.Velim MLA Benjamin D'Silva said explosives were being used in River Sal to catch fish and it was causing damage to bunds. Cuncolim MLA Rajan alias Subhash K Naik also urged the minister to complete the Barabundh lake project, as it could provide lot of water to the area.Other legislators suggested desilting of lakes in their constituencies and measures to beautify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133189", "title": "NCP puts Cong on notice, wants resolution by Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leadership is working to devise a mechanism for regular consultations among UPA partners to buy peace with NCP which on Tuesday set a Thursday deadline for its demand for a bigger share in power, saying non-compliance would force it to withdraw not just from the Manmohan Singh government but, possibly, also from the Maharashtra coalition.Sources indicated that the Congress leadership was planning to set up a coordination committee to appease the restive partner which accelerated its pressure for a stake in UPA's political decision-making by indicating that the pullout at the Centre would render the Maharashtra government vulnerable as the NCP would find it difficult to continue the partnership in Mumbai.Although NCP maintained once again that it would remain a part of UPA even after the resignations of its members from the Union Cabinet, there was no mistaking the toughening of its posture as it expanded the confrontation to cover the Maharashtra coalition as well.Party sources said, \"We put off the decision whether to continue in the government because we need to talk to our colleagues in Maharashtra who feel that the resignations of NCP ministers would make their continuance in the Maharashtra coalition untenable. They feel that the resignations of NCP ministers at the Centre would reduce the government in Mumbai to a lame duck which would be defied by officials and would find it difficult to continue for long in any case.\"The sudden introduction of Maharashtra factor in play was being seen as something that was meant to be the party's force multiplier, which could offset its paltry tally of 9 in the Lok Sabha.The party appeared to be upset with Congress for not spelling out its response to the demand for a bigger say in coalition affairs, and warned that the situation would become \"irretrievable\" if the demand was not heeded by early Thursday; in other words in the next 36 hours or so.NCP boss Sharad Pawar also appeared to be working to mobilizes support from among UPA partners against Congress's \"unilateralism\". He had a meeting with DMK leader T R Baalu on Tuesday morning.The tactic seemed to work too. The issue is learnt to have figured in the consultations Congress chief Sonia Gandhi had with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.NCP, which has been smarting under what it calls the neglect of UPA partners by Congress, has asked for the constitution of a committee on the lines of Congress's core group which can ensure the genuine involvement of all stakeholders in the political process. It has argued that mere representation in the government is not enough and does not make for an inclusive coalition.\"We have no actual say in the political decision-making. We have got a meagre say in government process, but little else,\" NCP sources said as they expressed unhappiness over Congress's refusal to spell out its stand.\"We have not heard from Congress since the consultations that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi had with Sharad Pawar on Thursday and Friday. We cannot remain in suspended animation forever and therefore expect a decision latest by the morning of Thursday,\" said a senior NCP leader who asserted that they don't intend to contact Congress now.The Thursday timeline is important because it is the day when Union Cabinet holds its weekly meetings. Pawar and his colleague, heavy industries minister Praful Patel , had skipped the last meeting of the Union Cabinet. A Pawar confidant said, \"We don't wish to keep away from another meeting because of uncertainty as to where we stand. It will not behove Pawar's stature to attend the third meeting after skipping two of them.\"He said the threat would be carried out even if no meeting of the Cabinet is scheduled on Thursday if the demand was not accepted. \"Either we attend the Cabinet meeting on Thursday or we don't participate in it ever,\" the source said.NCP also cranked up pressure significantly by saying that the party may find it difficult to continue to be part of the coalition in Maharashtra after disengaging itself from the Manmohan Singh government.The Maharashtra card can pile the pressure on Congress which would be loath to lose the levers in an important step in the build-up to the Lok Sabha polls. A section in Congress has dismissed the demand for a greater share in decision-making as extravagant given the NCP's single-digit presence in Lok Sabha.However, NCP rejected the charge of being unreasonable. \"During the eight years of UPA, non-Congress partners were denied any say in appointment of 50-odd governors and about two dozen nominations to Rajya Sabha. Leave that aside, we came to know of the nomination of even Sachin Tendulkar and Rekha from newspapers even when we know more about the two Mumbai-based personalities,\" party sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15134004", "title": "Government to supply drinking water at Rs 20 paise per litre", "text": "BANGALORE: How about a litre of clean drinking water for 20 paise? To supply potable water in areas plagued by polluted water sources as well as drought-prone areas, the state government is setting up 687 defluoridation units and short-listed four firms for the project.In a written answer to the legislative council on Tuesday, deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa said efforts were on to set up 300 defluoridation units in 13 districts. The firms will supply water to consumers at 20 paise per litre for 10 years.In the second phase, 387 units will be set up in 11 districts plagued by drought and the cost per litre will be 20 paise. To supply drinking water through surface water to all habitations requires Rs 28,344.25 crore (as per the estimate in 2008-09). On an experimental basis, the government plans to supply water from surface sources in Bijapur and Chitradurga districts. The government said it's not possible to allocate such a large sum in a timebound manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130607", "title": "Govt throws out demand for boycott", "text": "MUMBAI: The government on Tuesday dismissed political demands of turning major thoroughfares in the state into freeways , saying it was not in a financial position to stop collecting toll.PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal said in the legislative assembly that toll revenue was vital for the state's development and shutting down nakas would hurt growth, but assured that the government was committed to making toll collection transparent. \"I can understand that political parties have to agitate if the common man is inconvenienced. But it must be kept in mind what repercussions such a campaign could have on development.\"Taking on MNS chief Raj Thackeray-who has appealed to the people to not pay toll till transparency was brought to the system-without naming him, the NCP leader said agitation while sitting in the opposition was an easy thing to do. \"I challenge them (MNS) to maintain and operate these nakas,\" said Bhujbal. \"If drastic changes in the agreement with toll operators are carrioed out, it would amount to a breach. We would then be taken to court and forced to pay heavy compensation to them.\"There are nearly 178 toll nakas in the state on PWD, MSRDC roads and the National Highways. Of these, many are already being shut down in the absence of a steady cash flow. The MSRDC has shut down 25 while the PWD is considering shutting another 24. Earlier in the day, opposition parties raised the issue of corruption at the nakas and in tendering of contract for collecting toll. Leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse alleged state exchequer has suffered a loss of Rs 10,000 cr in a MSRDC tender awarded to Mhaiskar Infrastructure Private Limited (MIPL). This despite Reliance Infrastructure offering a better deal to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130596", "title": "Beware auto e-meters, transport chief warns", "text": "MUMBAI: State transport commissioner V N More has appealed to commuters to ensure that the distance shown on autorickshaw e-meters is zero before starting a journey. Otherwise, there will be chances of the driver charging excess fare.Recently, the transport commissioner's office received complaints that auto drivers rig meters by manipulating the distance parameter. A typical complaint would be that while the initial fare reading would be Rs 12 (the correct minimum), the initial distance shown would not be zero, but would likely be the distance travelled by the previous passenger; after the auto would cover more than a kilometre, the fare reading would suddenly double.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129415", "title": "HC scraps 15-yr domicile rule for Air India staffers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday set aside the 15-year domicile eligibility criteria imposed by the City and Industrial Development Corporation Cidco on Air India (AI) staffers for a housing enclave in Nerul, Navi Mumbai.The judges said it was \"arbitrary\" for Cidco to insist on 15-year domicile when AI had submitted that its staffers can be transferred anywhere in the country.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a petition filed by AI employees challenging the eligibility criteria imposed by CIDCO under a 2008 amended regulation of the New Bombay Disposal of Lands Regulation.In 1992, Cidco leased around 1 lakh sq m of land to AI on January 30, 1992 for constructing staff quarters in view of the proposed airport. In 1995, AI began construction and by 1998, 25 residential buildings with 508 flats were built.The matter reached HC in June 2010 after CIDCO refused to hand over 34, 347 square metre land saying AI breached the land-lease agreement by not completing construction in time and selling flats outright to its employees. Pursuant to HC order, it regularised the breach after AI paid Rs 60.10 crore premium.The court was told Cidco had refused to grant NOC to 46 AI employees, citing the domicile criteria. They said these employees are left in a lurch as they have taken loans for their accommodation .In their order, the judge said the 2008 regulation would have no application in this case as the lease was governed by 1975 regulation which did not contain domiciliary requirement. They added that in AI's case , allotment was not made under any scheme contemplated by 2008 regulation .The judges said it is arbitrary '' for CIDCO to insist for 15 year residential requirement when AI has submitted that its employees are transferrable any where in the country. As a public body, CIDCO is required to act fairly and transparently,''' they said , adding that its action in insisting upon domicile eligibility was contrary to law and is required to be set aside. They refused CIDCO's plea for a stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133426", "title": "Attending child marriage can land you in jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Worried over the increasing cases of child marriages in the district,The National Commission of Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has sounded an alarm bell and suggested a stern measure to curb the social vice. The rights body has instructed the police to arrest those who attend a wedding between two minors.Recently, NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo held a meeting with the district administrations in this regard. While talking to media, Tikoo said, \"We have asked police to arrest those who attend the party of marriage between two minors. Even if he is not a relative of the bride or groom, anybody attending such marriage is an offender.We have asked police to arrest any panchayat member, village head and even the policeman who attend such marriages.\"According to Tikoo, Malda is one of the most child marriage-prone districts in the country. Though the administration has succeeded in preventing child marriages in some cases, still the situation is alarming. \"Police would have to take sterner action if they come to know of any such marriage,\" Tikoo added.The NCPCR member also expressed his concern over the rise in the number of child labourers in the district. It has been learnt that the labour department conceded in the meeting that a good number of child labourers go to other states looking for jobs. Though some contractors engaged in hiring child labourers and sending them to other states were nabbed, no strong action could be taken against then.He suggested the district administration to compensate the rescued child labourers. It has been learnt that a child labourer, after being rescued, should be paid a compensation of Rs 20,000 and the sum should be kept in a bank account. The child labourer cannot withdraw the money till he is 18 years.The NCPCR will collect a report in this regard after 15 days. Police have been asked to maintain special vigil at rail stations. It has been resolved in the meeting that there would be a training programme for police on child trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15138566", "title": "Civic body to tap bore wells for water", "text": "MUMBAI:The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has considered a proposal to tap water from private wells in the city, while it still awaits for the lakes to overflow during monsoon.Since there is no progress on rain harvesting schemes in housing sociietes, the civic body has decided to depend on old methods of procuring water from bore wells.Mohan Adtani , additional municipal commissioner.said that the city was hit by an acute water shortage in 2009. During the time, BMC had dug 50 ring wells and 525 bore wells. But after the onset of monsoon and receiving a good rainfall, they were left largely ignored. The civic body has now asked the water works department to desilt and maintain them. According to the recently collected data, there are 1572 wells in the city, where majority of them are privately owned. \"Since the private wells are managed by the state government, we may write to the collector to take over these wells,\" he said.There are attempts made by the BMC with the IMD on cloud seeding too. BMC will also organise Jal Melas in August in every ward to teach citizens to conserve water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134715", "title": "Goa will be ready for Lusofonia Games by Aug '13, says Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the Goa assembly that though time is short to prepare for Lusofonia Games 2013, all the infrastructural facilities of international standard would be ready three months in advance. Intervening during question hour on National Games, Parrikar said Lusofonia Games will be held in the first week of November 2013, but the state will be ready in all respects especially infrastructure of international standards by August 2013.He said the government \"is appointing consultants\" for developing the four locations - Peddem grounds (Mapusa), Nehru stadium (Fatorda), opposite GMC (Bambolim) and Goa university. He also stated that the tendering will be initiated soon. Replying to a question by Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar said venues proposed or even finalized earlier need a review of infrastructure for the Lusofonia games 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134396", "title": "Don't pay toll, Raj exhorts", "text": "MUMBAI: Sixty-two MNS workers were arrested on Tuesday all over Mumbai and several detained after they laid siege on toll booths following an exhortation by their leader, Raj Thackeray , to citizens to boycott road tax. In the melee created by agitating party workers, motorists on several thoroughfares, most notably the Eastern Express Highway, passed toll booths without having to pay. But the free rides did not continue for long as the police, after being bystanders for some time (according to eyewitnesses), busted the agitations.The maximum arrests-35-came at the Bandra-Worli sea link toll post, where MNS workers had gathered in the afternoon, followed by the Dahisar naka, where 18 activists, including a corporator, Prakash Darekar, were arrested. Earlier in the day, Thackeray said at a press conference at his Shivaji Park residence, \"The taxpayer should know how much tax is being collected every day at various toll booths across the state. We should know how the money is spent. The government should offer ample amenities to citizens in lieu of the toll collected from them.\"Stating that toll collection was a \"monumental fraud\" perpetrated on citizens by the authorities, Thackeray said, \"Citizens are being fleeced under the pretext of toll. This is sheer loot. All countries follow certain rules about road tax collection. People abroad are taken into confidence on the matter. Here, the government seems to be playing into the hands of private contractors who are raking in immense profits long after recovering the project cost.\" He said MNS activists would man toll booths across the state and offer \"protection\" to citizens willing to join the boycott. \"We don't wish to go on confrontation course with the state government. But the authorities should not coerce people into paying toll. There should be no crackdown on MNS activists. If that happens, we will take on the government.\"The MNS move, however, invited angry reactions from several people, notably Thaneites, who said that while they welcomed the demand, they were critical of the methods adopted by Thackeray and his party activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132206", "title": "Railways cancels Assam-bound trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: The North Eastern Railway has cancelled some Assam-bound trains due to law and order disruption in the north east.The trains were cancelled on Tuesday. While, train numbers 15609/15610 Guwahati-Lalgarh Awadh Assam Express were cancelled on Tuesday, train numbers 15904 Chandigarh-Dibrugarh Express and train numbers 15652 Jammu Tawi-Guwahati Express will remain cancelled on July 25.Meanwhile, the flooding of the rail track between Manaknagar and Lucknow Junction station, on Tuesday, affected the movement of trains between the stretch for few hours. The track resumed operation at around 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132963", "title": "Pay up, says school notice to parents", "text": "NASHIK: The Rasbihari International School (RIS) has sent notices to parents of students on Monday asking them to pay the fees for this academic year immediately or there would be strict action taken against them.The notice has been sent despite instructions to parents from the department of education for secondary and higher secondary education against paying any fees till the school gets the fee hike approved from the department.S K Jain, of the RIS parents' association, who had protested against fee hike, confirmed that notices had been issued. He said that when the deputy director of education was informed he asked them not to pay the fees till the education department had approved of it.\"The deputy director had instructed us not to pay the fees two months back and says so even now till the fee amount of the school is approved by the department.\"When contacted, deputy director of education, T N Supe said that the department had asked for necessary information and documents needed for approval of fees and that by Tuesday evening the Nashik Municipal Corporation's ( NMC) education department would submit the documents provided by the school. \"We will take the decision only after we have checked the documents,\" added Supe.Officiating education officer, Naseer Khan Ibrahim Pathan said that the education department was compiling all the documents sent by the school and will be sending these to the deputy director at the earliest.Meanwhile, the school authorities have declined to comment maintaining that issuing notices to parents who have failed to pay the fees of their wards is nothing unusual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15127384", "title": "Clubs to have say in AIFF's 8-team IPL-style league", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) will take all of the I-League clubs into confidence before taking a final call on the proposed eight-team franchisee based league which they intend to start early next year.AIFF's marketing agents, IMG-Reliance, made an elaborate presentation to senior federation officials in Mumbai on Tuesday but the AIFF chose to tread carefully, mindful that an early commitment could invite a backlash from clubs. \"The new league modelled on the lines of cricket's hugely-successful India Premier League (IPL) will sound the death knell for existing clubs and Indian football. This cannot do any good for Indian football,\" said a senior club official from Goa.All club officials will get a chance to express their minds as the AIFF has called for a meeting on August 6. The AIFF will explain the concept to the clubs, gauge their mood and then provide the feedback to their marketing agents.According to the presentation made to AIFF officials on Tuesday, the marketing agents intend to start an eight-team franchisee based tournament in January-February 2013. The tournament will be held for two months with Mumbai, Delhi, Kochi and Kolkata being identified as four of the eight venues where the franchisees could be based.\"No I-League clubs will be allowed to take part in the league. We will have new franchisees but I-League players will be eligible to take part. They will have to be released by their clubs (on loan) for the tournament,\" said a source, adding that the players will received a substantial pay-packet. The fact that the AIFF would allow current I-League players to play significant roles in the new tournament has got the clubs worried. Many of them feel, in a couple of years, the players would be keener to do duty in the glamorous franchisee-based tournament than the I-League.\"There will be no sponsors to back I-League clubs. The I-League in itself may not even have a sponsor in a couple of years. I fear the worst,\" said another club official.According to the plan, each franchisee will have 22 registered players and a maximum of six foreign players would be allowed to be registered. Five foreign players can take the field at any given point of time. Those in the know said, franchisees will be provided with a chance to sign former World Cuppers, or top names who are in the twilight of their careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133172", "title": "CRRI explained why Ahmedabad BRT works", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its desperation to save its ill-conceived and poorly executed BRT project, Delhi government is now shooting the messenger. It has not only questioned the study conducted by the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) but also launched a scathing attack on the institute itself.Falling back on its worn-out argument of a rich-poor divide, it called car owners \"arrogant\" and accused those who conducted the study of ignoring bus commuters.But berating car owners will in no way make the public transport system any better - for that governance has to improve \u2014 just as launching a tirade against CRRI will not make a dent in the organisation's reputation. CRRI director, Dr S Gangopadhyay, told TOI: \"CRRI has been researching on road and transport solutions for decades. If anyone has questions about the methodology used for the study, we will be happy to answer. Our report has used international norms employed in such studies.\"Gangopadhyay's reaction comes in the wake of the government getting stung by CRRI's finding that \"no BRT\" was the best option. It has been promptly dubbed \"anti-poor\" by the government. It may help to recall that the agency had been hired by Delhi government on the suggestion of the court, which had rejected the transport department's plan to hire RITES for the study. Incidentally, RITES in a 2004 study of transport solutions for Delhi had recommended 34 BRT corridors. Preparation of the CRRI report, which is based not only on a week-long experimental trial run but also on a series of field surveys, culminated with a simulation exercise. The simulation was of the traffic scenario on the 5.8km stretch in 2015 with and without BRT, keeping the existing traffic volume as the base, factoring in an annual increase in traffic of 5-7%.The study found that doing away with BRT would result in a decrease of 48% in travel time, and a substantial 61% decrease in delay on the stretch. Compare this to the option of continuing with BRT, which would result in a further increase in travel time of 13% in 2015 as well as an increase of 15% in delays on the corridor.Sources said the surveys undertaken \u2014 including user perception, occupancy studies, pedestrian studies, passenger flows and saturation flow studies \u2014 show that BRT is not working at its optimum at present. Said a transport department official, \"There is no denying that there are traffic issues on the stretch. Unlike the Ahmedabad BRT, the Delhi BRT is after all an open corridor.\"It's a point that the CRRI report has also underlined. It observes that the proportion of cars is almost 1.5 times that of Ahmedabad on the motor vehicle lane of Delhi BRT, which contributes to the lower journey speeds. This, says the report, is because the \"width of the available MV lane is only 7-8m in either direction of travel\". This width is less than the 10m width available for each direction of travel before BRT was conceived.The report adds: \"Since the Ahmedabad BRTS is a closed system, the commercial travel speeds are much higher. The bus composition is about 3% of total traffic in both cases. The observed average speed of buses on Ahmedabad BRT section varies between 22-25kmph (CEPT Ahmedabad) which is much higher than that of Delhi BRTS - 13-15kmph).\"The last fact seems to have been completely overlooked by Delhi government, which has been citing the success of the Ahmedabad BRT to continue with its floundering experiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133637", "title": "I am very compromising, says Akhilesh's wife Dimple", "text": "NEW DELHI: UP's first couple Akhilesh Yadav and his lawmaker wife Dimple stamped their presence in the national capital on Tuesday fielding questions about their life, politics and family from women business leaders and the media.The 39-year-old UP chief minister was the centre of attraction while his wife had her moments as she spoke about her three children and life with her CM husband.\"He's very understanding and at the same time I'm very compromising,\" Dimple said. Asked how she and her husband dealt with their three kids, she said, \"We take them to the village where they play with the local kids.\"Akhilesh quickly joined in to say, \"And they watch cartoons at home. There's Penguins of Madagascar which I never miss.\" He preferred to speak in Hindi while his wife chose English to address the women entrepreneurs.The young CM also faced tough questions about the state of affairs in UP, ranging from law and order to khap panchayats in Baghpat and the power situation.The influence of Samajwadi Party has increased significantly after its support to the UPA on the presidential elections and the presence of the UP chief minister and his wife in the capital is being interpreted as a sign of their attempt to assert themselves on the national stage.Akhilesh defended his government's decision to change the names of eight districts in UP saying they had \"kept the old names that people use\". \"People knew the places by their old names - Shamli, Sambhal, Hapur,\" he said.On withdrawal of criminal cases against lawmakers, he said only those cases that were false were withdrawn and no case had been withdrawn without investigation.\"Electricity is our priority, I know that if I cannot fix it, the people will vote us out in the next elections. We have a problem in generation,\" Akhilesh said when asked about the deteriorating power situation the state. \"We know we have to focus on rural education and health. We have taken some steps, more needs to be done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "15133682", "title": "A walk by their own lake is how Oberois de-stress", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: When a busy day of managing businesses across cities ends, members of the Oberoi family take a walk besides the serene artificial lake, constructed at their Hambran Road residence. The urge to have a natural ambience at their residence where they could de-stress and the love for fishes prompted the family have a water body at home.Sprawling on an acre of land, the lake has wonderful landscaping, with cabanas set up along it and bridges running across it, apart from the fishes and ducks.The Oberoi family owns Club Nirvana and GRD School in Ludhiana, Texla Television and a hotel in Dehradun apart from several other properties in Delhi and other states.Walking by the lake with her son Sukhamrit, Praveen Oberoi says, \"My father-in-law Raja Singh Oberoi, who is the chairman of all the property we own, got this lake constructed in 1993, but it was about 3-4 years ago that we let fish into the lake. We have done some landscaping too in and around the lake by putting up cabanas and constructing bridges.\"Besides fishes, the lake also houses ducks and has boats, for the family to row during pleasant evening hours.\"It feels wonderful to spend time by the lake during the morning and evening hours,\" she adds.The lake is cleaned every 45 days to maintain hygiene for fishes and ducks, while the water drawn from it is used to irrigate trees and plants in the garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15134981", "title": "Indian prisoner wants to return home from Pak jail : Lawyer", "text": "AMRITSAR: For the first time in eight years , Indian prisoner lodged in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat Jial, Bhavesh Kantilal Parmar had an opportunity to meet any lawyer and plead innocence for his release from jail.Advocate Awais Sheikh told TOI on Tuesday that he met Bhavesh in jail on Monday and got his signature on the mercy petition to be filed with Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari seeking clemency . \"He is physically fit, looks smart and wears kurta salwar and when I introduced myself as his lawyer there was a gleam in his eyes \" said he, while adding that during his 15 minutes meeting with Kantilal he repeatedly urged to get him released from jail.\"Bhavesh said he wants to return home,\" said Sheikh. Sheikh said Bhavesh was not sure how he reached Pakistan.\" All he had to say was that someone boarded him a train and nothing else,\" he said . However, he said he listened to him carefully and patiently and was curious to know how his case would now be taken up and at which platform.\"In all these years of solitary confinement , Bhavesh had hardly thought that anyone especially a lawyer would come to help him get out of jail,\" he said. Giving more details of his conversation with Kantilal, a Mumbai based architect, he said, \"Before departing as I said, yar , ab hanso to , muskra do yar, tum bhee jaldi apnea ghar jaoege- then in reply he gave a smile \" . Sheikh informed that he had obtained Kantilal's signature on mercy petition for clemency and expressed hope that on August 14, Independence Day of Pakistan, India might get a big surprise from its neighbouring country.He said he would also submit letter in the office of Inspector General, Prisons for getting details of Kantilal's case, so that he could further pursue his case. Reportedly, Kantilal had gone into depression after death of his father in 2005. He boarded a train to Amritsar from where he somehow boarded Samjhauta Express and reached Lahore where he was arrested.According to UK based lawyer Jas Uppal, who has been authorized by Kantilal's mother Hansa Parmar to represent her son's case, Kantilal's status in jail was that of undertrial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134251", "title": "Mass cheating allegations in engineering rocks Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University is battling all kinds of woes, including series of paper leaks and another Kohchade-style revaluation/re-totalling scam, it has been rocked again by allegations of \"mass cheating\" during examinations in engineering colleges. These new revelations has further disgraced the lethargic NU administration which has miserably failed to take stringent action against copying and showed signs of awakening only after getting complaints.NU sources said that the university is planning to constitute an enquiry panel to probe the allegations of cheating. Sources disclosed that many new colleges have turned to these unethical practices in a desperate bid to boost their results and attract students. They blamed the NU administration for offering students of these engineering colleges their own colleges as exam centres, thereby providing the management and lecturers with enough chances to help them clear the tough exams. This includes dictating and writing answers on the blackboards during examinations. NU had received many complaints in this regard, but the administration failed to act on it.Controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane categorically denied these allegations stating that they hadn't received even a single complaint and had only heard of these rumours. \"Unless we receive any official complaint, we can't proceed ahead,\" he clarified.Former engineering dean and management council member Dinesh Agrawal however stated that these allegations might be true considering the fact that first year results of many new colleges were unexpectedly high. \"In NU's list of colleges performing exceptionally well in first year exams, maximum of them are new ones while those operating for over two decades are seen struggling. The meritorious students prefer old colleges due to good faculty and infrastructure while new ones hardly have either of them. This raises enough suspicion on the performance of these colleges. In fact, these kinds of rumours were circulating for quite a while, but this is the first time that NU had received complaints,\" he said.Engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar, while endorsing that NU had received many complaints in this regard, demanded immediate enquiry into the allegations. \"Though both vice chancellor and CoE are in the denial, these allegations are certainly serious in nature and I am planning to raise the issue during next Board of Examinations (BoE) meeting.\"Agrawal attributed practice of offering students their own colleges as exam centres for such malpractices and stressed on the need to change them. \"Old colleges get same centres while new ones are given different ones. But from last couple of years, all these new ones are becoming exam centres as they were fulfilling some of the parameters including presence of full-time approved faculty and facilities. But, mushrooming of colleges had led to unhealthy competition among them and they adopt such unfair means to promote their students and gain popularity. But students shouldn't fall prey to such misnomers,\" he warned.The CoE however stated that NU was contemplating the move to change exam centres of all NU colleges irrespective of faculties to prevent colleges from using any such malpractices.NU BE 1st yr result in last six years:Year -------------- %tage2007 -------------- 54.31%2008 -------------- 53.71%2009 -------------- 54.38%2010 -------------- 38.85%2011 -------------- 35.47%2012 -------------- 37.22%(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129913", "title": "Activists see red over ward officer's transfer", "text": "MUMBAI: The premature transfer of assistant commissioner Devendra Jain from G (North) ward has disturbed Mahim residents.Members of the Citizens' Forum G (North) ward shot a letter to Sitaram Kunte, municipal commissioner on Tuesday, expressing concern over Jain's sudden transfer to P (North) ward in Malad.Jain has a period of 10 months left from the usual tenure of three years and has an unfinished agenda of removal of various encroachments which exist in G (North) ward, violating the provisions of M.M.C. Act, Town Planning Scheme Rules, development control regulations, say residents.\"We request you to review the transfer decision taken by the civic administration in order to restore the confidence of upright civic officials who prefer to act in public interest,\" states the letter to Kunte.Incidentally, talks of Jain's transfer first did the rounds in May, after a massive hawker removal drive was conducted near Dadar railway station.Jain had found himself in the middle of a controversy in May, following allegations that an illegal newspaper vendor had died during the anti-hawker drive. G (north) ward officials also joined the residents in the rally to lend their support to the civic body's anti-encroachment drive against hawkers around the railway station.A senior office bearer of the newspaper vendors' union was from the ruling party Shiv Sena .Residents had alleged that politicians had instigated the newspaper vendors' organization and falsely blamed Jain for the vendor's death. The vendor's association went on a strike in protest against the BMC for not taking action against Jain and transferring him.BMC ad made inquiries and found that there was no truth in the allegation as the vendor had died in a hospital during treatment.\"Some politicians were against the hawker removal action at Dadar station and Jain was falsely made responsible for the death of a vendor. However, the same politicians overlooked the many encroachments which the G(north) ward staff had cleared apart from removing hawkers. The staff had made a sincere effort to implement provisions of the town planning scheme in Mahim division. This is a premature transfer and probably the same forces that were against the removal of hawkers are responsible for it. This action will demoralise honest civic officials who want to practise good governance inorder to protect public interest,\"said Ashok Ravat, president, Citizens' Forum G(north) ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133855", "title": "Policy to check stray dogs soon", "text": "BANGALORE: If everything goes according to plan, Bangalore will be free of the stray dog menace in the next year. Replying to a question on increasing stray dog menace in Bangalore raised by Krishna Byregowda (Congress) in the assembly on Tuesday, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said they will soon prepare a comprehensive plan to get rid of stray dogs.\"We'll spell out the plan soon,\" he added. Earlier, opposition members wanted to know the action taken by the government. Cutting across party lines, members joined the debate. Byregowda said stray dogs were causing grave inconvenience to people, especially children, women and senior citizens. \"People are asking what we're doing to check the menace.We have no answer,\" he added. He also took exception to Animal Birth Control Programme statistics provided by the CM. \"Its an inflated figure.If the government had sterilised 69,141 stray dogs this year, how did their population increase three-fold?'' he asked. Congress member N L Narendra Babu said on an average there are 978 dogs in each ward of Bangalore, about 2 lakh across the city. \"It's become difficult to drive or ride. Dogs have the sympathy and support of animal welfare activists, but human beings don't have that luxury,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133773", "title": "No hassles for high security number plates", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those buying a four-wheeler will no longer have to go to district transport office just to deposit the fee for high security number plates as the fee can be deposited with the vehicle dealers from Wednesday onwards.District transport officer Manpreet Singh Chatwal said, \"With certain changes in the existing software for high security number plates, the fee for high security number plates can be submitted online, along with the tax paid to the dealer. This would save people from the hassle of coming to district transport office just to deposit the fee.\"\"We will not have to run from pillar to post to get the high security number plate. It is more sensible to enable this facility with the dealers,\" said Model Town resident Ashvini Kakkar.Harnam Nagar resident Manpreet Singh said the best part about this move is it will rid people of the \"sarkari\" style of working. \"It is important to get rid of the undue hassles of government offices as a time when life is quite fast and no one wants to waste time,\" Singh added.Maharj Nagar resident Rahul Sharma , who bought a new car recently, said he was worried he will have to go to the district transport office to deposit the fee for high security number plate. \"I am relieved to know that car dealers would be authorized to collect the fee,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15128748", "title": "Nearly half of Maharashtra's special schools yet to install biometric system", "text": "PUNE: Only 46% of the 737 grant-in-aid special schools in the state have installed biometric systems to register the attendance of students and staff, even though the state government made installation of the system compulsory last year.The city-based disability commissionerate has sent show-cause notices to the social welfare officers in all the districts in the state, directing them to have the system installed in erring schools, failing which strict action will be taken against such officials or schools.The system aims to put a check on fake enrolment in schools.Disability commissioner Bajirao Jadhav said, \"Schools such as 'ashram shalas' (residential schools), 'mahila balgruh' (observation homes) and those for the disabled were told that it was mandatory to install biometric systems to check bogus enrolment in schools. Bogus enrolment refers to inflating the number of students in a school to avail the various grants given by the government.\"Jadhav said that the commissionerate is trying to speed up the procedure of installation of biometric machines in all special schools in the state by issuing the show-cause notices. \"The first step is installation of the system in these schools, followed by data feeding and training the staff to transfer the data online, among other things. Schools that fail to install the system despite the directives will be derecognised. Similarly, administrative action will be taken against erring officials,\" he added.Jadhav said that the grants given to a special school depend on the number of students in the school. Every school has a designated number of students depending on their availability in a particular area.\"The schools get Rs 900 per student to meet his/her nutritional requirements or food expenses every month. Also, for every ten students in a school, the salary of one teacher comes through the grant-in-aid. Thus, if the ten students shown are bogus, then the salary from the grant will go to a bogus or non-existent teacher,\" added Jadhav.An official from the commissionerate added that the state government had made the systems mandatory for these schools in last August. He said that of the 737 grant-in-aid special schools, only 340 have installed the system.The number of schools that have not installed the biometric system came to light when the commissionerate held a meeting with the agency appointed to install the system. The official said that biometric machines take the thumb impressions of the staff and students, thus providing the exact number of enrolments and the daily attendance in schools. \"A centralised, state-level server then receives the data on the number of students and teachers in each of the special schools,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135114", "title": "'Australia providing protection to Indian students'", "text": "INDORE: Parliamentary secretary of Australia's shadow minister for multi-cultural affairs Jude Perera on Tuesday said the country offers a multicultural environment and the Australian government has been providing police protection to Indian students at all the vulnerable places. He was speaking at a seminar on Australian multiculturalism at the Prestige Institute of Management and Research here on Tuesday.He said, \"Culture cannot be defined by any particular race, caste or creed. It is a result of an individual's action. This allows people within the society to freely express their existence.\"He stressed on the need, role and significance of multiculturalism in education in this global era. He said, \"Australia wants to collaborate with her counterparts for quality and standard education. This can be done through faculty and student exchange programme.\"On being asked about opening up Australian universities in India, if any, he said the government is not looking for such options but it is certainly interested in collaborations.The seminar was also presided over by the secretary Prestige Education Society N P Jain and Shikha Jain. They expressed their desire to collaborate with Australian universities wherein they can be faculty and student exchange programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133398", "title": "Aarushi Talwar murder case: Necks slit just before death", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bodies of Aarushi Talwar and her domestic help Hemraj bore identical cuts to the neck, and both were probably first hit with a golf club, an important prosecution witness told the court hearing the double murder case, on Tuesday.Dr Sunil Dohre, deputy CMO at Gautam Budh Nagar Hospital, had carried out Aarushi's post-mortem on May 16, 2008, and was present at the post-mortem of Hemraj on May 18, at the request of another doctor, Naresh Raj.Deposing before the special CBI court in Ghaziabad, Dohre explained several aspects of the post-mortem report, cited by investigators as evidence of the involvement of Aarushi's parents. However, the defence team claimed Dohre had not mentioned some of these observations in his post-mortem report, and it is likely to dwell on them during his cross-examination on Wednesday.Dohre told court that the injuries on the necks of both victims were identical and could have been made by a surgically trained person. About the V-shaped injuries on their foreheads, he said the weapon was \"possibly golf club\".Earlier also, the doctor had told CBI on record that: \"The injury on Aarushi's forehead was V-shaped and had been made with a heavy blunt object. It is possible that the injury could have been caused by the golf club\". However, defence lawyer Manoj Sisodia said CBI officers had drawn the words \"golf club\" from Dohre's mouth.CBI prosecutor RK Saini said Dohre had told court that \"injury number 4, on Aarushi's neck, left a blood pattern on the pillow but there was no spurting, suggesting that she was either in the state of death when her throat was slit or sinking\".Dohre's previous statement reads: \"I had very carefully seen the cut on the neck of Aarushi. I had also seen the cut on the neck of Hemraj... Both the cuts were made by sharp-edged light instrument. The identical position of the cuts shows that they were made by a surgically trained person\".Satyaketu Singh, lawyer for Aarushi's parents, objected: \"He (Dohre) was not a signatory to Hemraj's post-mortem, why is he giving opinion on that?\"About the observations regarding Aarushi's vagina, Dohre said, \"White discharge found in Aarushi's vagina could be from other source... Wide opening situation of vagina will happen only at the time when it is manipulated when rigor mortis is setting in\". His testimony supports the CBI theory that Aarushi's parents cleaned her private parts. However, defence counsel Manoj Sisodia said, \"He never mentioned rigor mortis in the post-mortem report\".Dohre's statement records: \"The vaginal opening was found prominently wide open. Whitish discharge was present in the vaginal cavity\", and also states: \"whitish liquid in private parts may have originated from a source other than the victim. The peculiar position of Aarushi's discharge and the wide opening indicates that the private parts were manipulated after death, when rigor mortis must have started setting in. Absence of discharge evenly throughout the vaginal canal indicates possible cleaning of the vaginal canal\".The lawyers for Aarushi's parents plan to cross-examine Dohre on all these points, which they claim have been twisted in his four statements taken on different occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15135414", "title": "SCB ignores woman with grievous wound", "text": "CUTTACK: A destitute woman with a rotten wound in her leg was lying outside the trauma care unit of SCB Medical College and Hospital on Tuesday. She had a plaster on her leg and the wound in her ankle was emitting foul smell. Flies and maggots were crawling on it.Unable to walk and even crawl, the helpless woman was dragging herself on the roads. A urinary catheter was also attached to her. Her plight was soul stirring, but perhaps it was not enough to melt the hearts of the doctors, medical students, nurses or even the ward boys who passed by. No one bothered to take the ailing woman inside the ward and treat her wound.For over 45 minutes the destitute woman, who was unable to tell anything about her identity, moved on the roads, in the muddy garbage and even drank the unhygienic drain water. Some mediapersons who gathered at the place also asked the ward boy, securitymen and nurses to carry the woman in a stretcher to the ward, but no one paid any heed to the appeals. \"The destitute woman was shifted to the orthopaedic ward five days ago and has been undergoing treatment there. But she keeps coming out of the ward repeatedly. She has some mental problem,\" said a nurse. \"It is not our duty to shift the woman to the orthopaedic ward,\" said a ward boy.The hospital authorities were also contacted but no one responded to the calls. At last, some ambulance drivers standing outside the trauma ward fell pity for the woman and took her on a stretcher to the orthopaedic ward.\"How can be the doctors and nurses be so inhuman? The woman was in a very bad shape, but neither the doctors nor the nurses felt the need to shift her to the ward and treat her wound. We have taken her to the orthopaedic ward,\" said Santosh, an ambulance driver who helped the destitute.But this is not the plight of this woman only, on an average more than 30 destitute patients are brought to the hospital on any single day and majority of them face a similar trauma. To provide proper care to these destitute patients, the hospital authorities had planned to open a 30-bed destitute ward a year ago but the project is yet to take off.\"Hordes of patients are suffering like this as the hospital authorities are not opening a destitute ward in the hospital. The lackadaisical approach of the hospital authorities is the main reason behind the delay in the project,\" said Pravat Das, amicus curie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15128315", "title": "Breach in Panam canal", "text": "VADODARA: The main canal of Panam irrigation project developed a major breach near Shahera in Panchmahal district on Tuesday morning. Water had been released into the canal since Saturday to help farmers in Panchmahal in the wake of the recent dry patch after sowing.The 21-metre broad breach began early in the morning with a small gaping hole and was even spotted by an official at one of the check points on the canal, but by the time water in that portion of the canal was stopped it had become big. Officials said the breach took place at 48km downstream of the dam near Shahera.The canal was not in use since the last four months and water was released into it gradually since last Saturday. Till Tuesday morning 375 cusecs of water was being released into the canal, but the quantity has been brought down significantly following the breach.It is believed that porcupines might have made burrows in the canal eventually leading to the situation. Panam project executive engineer N D Solanki said the canal was checked recently and superficially nothing out of place had been spotted.Solanki said work was being conducted at a brisk pace to plug the breach. \"We expect to finish the work of closing the breach with earth and then making a concrete lining by noon on Wednesday. The water will be released gradually on Thursday,\" he added.The total length of Panam irrigation project canal is around 99km. However, Solanki said a bulk of demand for water came from the first 72km of the canal. He added that to serve the areas upstream the breach, water was being released at a rate of 200 cusecs from the dam.There was no major loss to crops due to the breach in the canal. Officials said bulk of water from the breach had flown into ravines near it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134473", "title": "Four schoolkids among five dead as bus overturns", "text": "JAIPUR: An attempt by a bus driver to save fuel while driving downhill proved fatal when the bus overturned, killing five persons including four schoolchildren and leaving 24 injured in Umaria village of Jhalawar district.The incident took place on Tuesday morning when the private bus carrying at least 35 schoolchildren was on its way from Valta village to Bhaalta. According to the police, the bus was traveling downhill towards Umearia village and the driver put the vehicle in neutral gear and turned off the engine to save fuel. When he applied the brakes suddenly, the bus overturned, police said.\"Three children including Rajesh (9), Phool Chand (10) and Raja (10) as well as the bus conductor Israel (30) were killed on the spot while Karan Singh (14) succumbed on the way to Kota for treatment,\" said Balmukund Verma, Superintendent of police.The bus did not have a speed governor and eyewitnesses suggest it was being driven rashly.At least 24 passengers were injured in the accident and were rushed to various hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138410", "title": "Salim hold a press meet against State Films Award", "text": "In continuation to the rage over Kerala State Films Award, Salim Kumar approached High Court against the jury's decision on Salim's documentary 'Pokkali'. He also raised his voice for 'Pranayam' being given Best Film Director's Award.Salim Kumar told that his documentary Pokkali was avoided by mentioning the reason that documentary has no 'lab certificate' and it is not pictured in film format. But as per Salim all the details including 'lab certificate' was already provided to the academy.Salim Kumar also added that film Pranayam is the copy of Palu Coax's film Innocent . And it's not an original concept and thus it should not be given award. Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130348", "title": "Traffic curbs for ' dharna' near Secretariat today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anticipating trouble during the 'Chalo Secretariat' protest march on Wednesday organised by Left parties, city police on Tuesday have imposed traffic restrictions on all roads leading towards the Secretariat.As per an official release issued by Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma, traffic will not be allowed towards Necklace Road rotary from V V Statue and vehicles will be diverted towards Nirankari junction 8am onwards.Vehicles coming from Nirankari junction will not be allowed towards Iqbal Minar near Dwaraka Hotel and will be diverted towards Ravindra Bharathi. Traffic from Police Control Room (PCR) to Iqbal Minar will be diverted at Ravindra Bharathi towards Lakdi-ka-pul.Traffic coming from Basheerbagh, Ravindra Bharathi and Nampally will not be allowed towards Hill Fort Road. Also, vehicles coming from Band Lane will not be allowed towards New MLA Quarters and will be diverted towards PCR Junction at Veena Store on Hill Fort Road.Motorists coming from Indira Park Crossroad and Lower Tank Bund will not be allowed towards Ambedkar Statue from the service road. Traffic from Basheerbagh and Himayatnagar Road will not be allowed at Liberty junction towards BRK Bhawan and Ambedkar statue junction. Vehicles in this route will be diverted towards Himayatnagar Road and Basheerbagh respectively.Vehicles from New MLA Quarters and BRK Bhavan will not be allowed towards NTR Marg at Telugu Talli junction and will be diverted towards Iqbal Minar. Traffic from Karbala Maidan to Ambedkar statue will be diverted at Sailing Club towards Kawadiguda and Lower Tank Bund.Motorists coming from D B R Mills to Ambedkar statue junction will be diverted at Children's Park junction towards Karbala Maidan. Traffic coming form Necklace Road to NTR Marg will be diverted at the rotary towards Khairtabad flyover.Vehicles coming from Ganesh Chowk, Khairtabad towards Mint Compound will be diverted towards Necklace Road at AP Text Book Printing Press 'Y'Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129053", "title": "'More Indian students can opt for research in US'", "text": "PUNE: More Indian students can take up research and higher education in the US with opportunities opening up, the US's consul general Peter Haas said on Tuesday.More than one lakh Indian students are studying in various US universities, the second highest after China, he added. He was speaking at a special session organized by the Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Education Society on US Education. Vice consul Joy Peters, cultural affairs officer Angela Gemza and representative of US-India educational foundation ( USIEF) Ryan Pereira were also present. The programme focused on procedures and education and visa formalities that students would want to know.Haas said education opportunities in the US were increasing. \"The US is a preferred destination for Indian students going abroad for higher studies. They can look for opportunities in fields of research and higher studies. Besides, there are student exchange, faculty exchange and scholarship programmes. India and the US are cooperating to develop good ties in the field of education,\" he said.Students should begin planning well in advance so that they find a suitable course and the right university, he said. They should consider factors including course structure and its orientation and the fees while deciding the programme.To find out accurate, comprehensive and unbiased information the students should also gather relevant information about their visa through authorised mediums and websites. This will help students to avoid any technical problems in the later stages, he said.President of Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Education Society P A Inamdar said students should concentrate on research and pursue higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15134612", "title": "Power shutdown on Thursday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Thursday from 9am to 5pm.ROYAPURAM: East &amp; West Kalmandapam Rd, S N Chetty Rd, New Kamaraj Ngr, C.G.Colony, Vinayagapuram, Tondiar Ngr, Kasipuram A &amp; B Block, Singaravelar Ngr, Indra Ngr, Gm Pettai, Periya Thambi St, Flag Staff St, Lotus Ramasamy St, Aj Colony, Kasima Ngr, Kasigarden, Shiek Maistry St, Hussian Maistry St, Fakir St, Madha Chruch Rd, East Madha Church St, Nrt Rd, Railway Press, Ramar St, Mariya Doss St, Thambu Chetty St, Lingu Chetty St, Ibrahim St, Mettu St, Adhiyapatham St, Adhiyapatham St, Angappanayakan St, Marakayar Shahib St, Sultan St, Meerali St, Velayutham St, Kummalaamman Koil St, T H Rd.Thirumangalam: Entire Anna Ngr West, W block, 11 to 20th Main Rd, Kalaivanar Colony, Medimix avenue, PadipudhuNgr, Thiruvalleeswarar Ngr, NVN Ngr, CPWD Quarters, Padikuppam Rd, Sathyasai Ngr, Welcome Colony, TV Ngr, J N Salai, Asiad, Rohini, Pioneer Colony, Mangalam Colony, Mullai Colony, Kuriniji Colony, Jawahar Colony, Shakthi Colony, Old L, Z, AL block, 4th avenue, Old Thirumangalam, 12th Main Rd, AF block, 2nd avenue C block, Nehru Ngr, 15th Main Rd 11th Main Rd, A E block.Whites Rd: Peters Rd, Cowdiya mutt Rd, Whites Rd, Pattulas Rd, R O B 1 to 6th St, Anna salai, Ganapathy Colony, Layards Rd, Smith Rd, G P Rd, Petters Colony, Gopalapuram.Periamet: E V K Sampath Rd, Jermaiya Rd, Ritherdon Rd, Church Lane, Balar Kalvi Milaiyan, CMDA, Whenals Rd, PCO Rd, Purasaiwakkam High Rd, Varadharajan St, Santhosh Ngr, P H Rd, Gengu Reddy Rd, Aramuthan Garden, Prathapat Rd, Hutkinson Rd, Singer St, Subbaya St, Baracks Rd, Sydenhams Rd, Karpoora Muthali St, Thiruvenkadam St, Matukkara Patharan St, Katur Sadayappan St, Muthu Gramani St.Taramani: Thandhai Periyar Ngr, Kandhanchavadi, MGR Ngr, Kanagam, CSIR Rd, V V Koil Street. K P K Ngr, Nehru Ngr, Velachery 100-feet Rd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129294", "title": "Rs 5 lakh stolen from van in Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified men stole a bag containing Rs 5 lakh from a van, parked in a mall in Chinchwad, on Monday afternoon.A complaint has been lodged by Kumar Krishna Narayan (39) of Vikasnagar, Dehu Road, with the Chinchwad police station.Police inspector Sanjay Kawde said that Narayan works as a driver in a fabrication company at Dehu Road. On Monday, he had gone to withdraw money from a private bank in Chinchwad. He withdrew Rs 5 lakh and kept it in a bag.Kawde said that Narayan came out and kept the bag in the van, which was parked on the premises of a mall housing the bank. He was about to sit in the van, when a man came to him and said that he had dropped some money. Narayan got down and found some notes on the ground. While he was telling the man that the money did not belong to him, another person opened the van door and made away with the bag. tnnHe said that by the time Narayan realised what had happened, the duo had fled. \"We are following up on some leads,\" Kawde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135120", "title": "Passport applicants double in five years", "text": "INDORE: Indorens are living their dreams like never before. Many, including youngsters are keen to move abroad and take up jobs or business while those working here are not shying off from visiting foreign destinations. This fact is corroborated by the increase in number of applicants for passport from the city that have more than doubled in the past five years.The data procured from the office of the senior superintendent of police (SSP) reveals that 29,947 people applied for passports in 2011 as against 15,600 applicants in 2007. Between January 2012 and June 2012, more than 17,500 applicants registered with the district passport application collection centre at the SSP office.Though there has been an increase in the number of applicants, the centre lacks adequate number of staff to handle applications, especially, after the MEA ( Ministry of External Affairs) discontinued the use of post office for collecting applications from April this year.SSP A Sai Manohar told TOI, \"There are only five employees at the centre to verify, process and send applications to the regional passport office (RPO) in Bhopal . All applications are for fresh passports while cases relating to renewal and tatkal passports are handled directly by RPO Bhopal.\"The centre has to reimburse a part of the money generated from the applicants as passport fee to the state. No reimbursements have been made since 2002,\" said the SSP. If funds are transferred to the police department we can think of pressing more hands for fast disposal of cases.It is estimated that the state government owes Rs 1.5 crore from the MEA. The average number of applications received at the centre per day is 75.\"At times, we receive more than 100 applications a day,\" said the SSP.Moreover, the application has to be thoroughly verified so that the rate of rejection is minimal.\"Some applications are rejected on ground as flimsy as 'incorrect name,'\" said an official who scrutinizes the documents. He cited an example that many applicants use short forms of their names; for example instead of writing Mohammad, they sometimes end up writing Md or Mohd.\"One has to be extremely careful in such situations and each and every detail in the application form should be filled properly,\" he added.However, the rate of rejection of processed applications is nill. \"This is because the applications are checked thoroughly before being forwarded to the RPO,\" said another official.Application statusYEAR NO OF APPLICANTS2007 15,6002008 16,5132009 18,4462010 22,8302011 29,947JAN TO JUNE 2012 17, 544Source: SSP office", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134770", "title": "MLAs want probe into ration cards to migrants", "text": "PORVORIM: Members of the legislative assembly alleged that ration cards have been sold to migrants in the state and demanded that the government should investigate into the issue.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that for the last five years, people from Bangladesh and Nepal have got hold of ration cards. \"We heard that during the Congress government's tenure, ration cards were sold for 5,000 each and the minister should probe the issue,\" said Lobo.He added that the government should also investigate how migrants have got the cards, that is, whether they got an NOC from their native place in order to obtain a Goa ration card.In another context, Lobo also said that the water resources department should immediately restore the beach stretch from Candolim to Calangute which is washed away due to sand erosion. \"The government should conduct a survey in Baga where sand erosion is taking place, and take up the work of beach restoration,\" he added.Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar, agreeing with Lobo on bogus ration cards, joined him in demanding an inquiry into the scourge in his constituency. Later, talking about art and culture, he suggested that the government should set up a film city to provide a platform to Goan artists to prosper.Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral said that electronic ration cards will control black marketing in the state, and that the government should train the staff at PDS shops before implementing the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129451", "title": "Development authority seeks Rs 2 crore from Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Twenty years after it leased out a 34 hectare plot to form the transport nagari in Nigdi, the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has demanded Rs 2.07 crore from the municipal corporation as its share of revenue.The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation had received the land on a 99-year-sub-lease in 1978. The civic body divided it into 180 plots and allotted them to transporters. Several transport operators from across the city shifted here because parking trucks on roads was affecting movement of vehicles in city areas. Thus it came to be known as transport nagari.The transporters had paid Rs 4.15 crore to the municipal corporation against the plots. As per an agreement reached earlier between the two civic bodies, the PCNTDA had claim over 50% of this revenue. The PCNTDA, last month, sent a letter to the municipal corporation. A meeting was also held between officials of both civic institutions last month where the municipal commissioner agreed to PCNTDA's demand. A tri-partite agreement will soon be signed among PCMC, PCNTDA and the plot holder.PCMC's land and estate officer Subhash Machare said, \"The civic administration has forwarded the proposal to the standing committee. After its approval, the administration will pay the money to PCNTDA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15133406", "title": "Robber nabbed in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Sk Sultan, a robber who was the prime accused in the murder and dacoity case at Jagatballavpur in Howrah, was arrested from Andul bus stand on Tuesday Howrah. Sultan's gang had raided a house at Jagatballavpur, murdered Esma Tara Begum (35) and decamped with a booty of Rs 2 lakh. She was murdered in front of her husband Asmat Middya, a zari trader. The booty was over Rs 2 lakh as the gang had decamped with cash Rs 1.13 lakh along with weapons. Esma Tara had tried to resist, so she was murdered.Police said that Sultan is based in Andul, but operates both in Howrah and Hooghly districts. He is accused in several dacoity and murder cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15131021", "title": "Child 'water monitors' to help BMC in conservation", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncertainty over lake levels and the civic body's decision to continue with the 10% water cut till August 1 have prompted the BMC officials to rope in unusual soldiers for the cause of water management - children. Towards that end, the city's kids will function as 'water monitors' and tap water wastage in housing societies this monsoon.\"The BMC conducted studies and found that in every household, a tap left open for a minute leads to 12 litres of water loss, which equals 12 bottles of water; this is a humungous amount. This wastage can only be curbed by roping in students to monitor the wastage not just in their housing societies but individual homes,\" said Suprabha Marathe, executive engineer, rainwater harvesting and water conservation cell.The water monitors can voluntarily register with the BMC and inform the civic body about water wastage, theft and tanker mafia, and register their complaints on the website - bmc.watermonitor@gmail.com.\"We will felicitate and give awards to children who help conserve water through any method,\" said Marathe.In a bid to conserve water till the lake levels overflow, the civic body will also launch a Jal Mela Campaign at the ward level. It will be aimed at sensitizing citizens to use water in an intelligent manner with the aim to improve water management.\"One day would be dedicated exclusively to water in each ward, as well as 10 major hospitals and Byculla zoo. It will focus on apprising citizens about the water situation, lake levels, conservation and methods to set up rainwater harvesting plants in their society,\" said Marathe.She further said this will also be an informal platform for citizens to discuss all water-related issues in their wards.The campaign would be launched in each ward by a assistant commissioner, assistant engineer (waterworks), complaints officer and a pest control officer.Movies would be shown and presentations made, to be followed by a question and answer session for citizens. Pest control officers would also talk about ways to curb malaria.Hoardings on BEST buses, pamphlets, posters and working models of rain water-har-vesting will be on display. On August 15, NSS students and kids will be roped in to do prabhat pheri on conservation. The BMC will make it mandatory to print awarene-ss messages on school books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133765", "title": "Stadium blasts case: Cops file chargesheet", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have filed a chargesheet in the first additional chief metropolitan magistrate's court against 14 miscreants for hatching and executing the 2010 Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts. So far, police have arrested seven persons and are hunting for seven others, including terror suspect brothers Riyaz Bhatkal and Yasin Bhatkal. Joint commissioner of police (crime-East) B Dayanand said five different cases were booked in the Cubbon Park police station in connection with the stadium blasts. \"Before filing the chargesheet, we examined 238 documents including forensic evidences and took statement from 144 eyewitnesses,\" he said.\"The day we arrest Bhatkal brothers,we will be able to tell more about the blasts. Riyaz wanted to plant bombs at places like Vidhana Soudha and MS Building. But tight security foiled their plans,\" a senior officer said.Two bombs exploded outside M Chinnaswamy Stadium in April 2010, a couple of hours before an IPL match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135189", "title": "Govt schools now offer English medium classes", "text": "COIMBATORE: School education in the state will soon witness a change with the government allowing a few elementary and middle schools to conduct classes in English.Around 155 middle and primary government schools have been allowed to conduct parallel classes in English medium along with classes conducted in Tamil. English medium classes began from Monday.Five schools in the district have been allowed to begin parallel English medium classes. Officials said the schools allotted were in rural areas. District Elementary Education Officer T Ganesamurthy said the schools allowed this year were the Pappampatty middle school at Sultanpet Panchayat Union, Sulur North Primary school, Madukkarai Market Primary School, a middle school in Pollachi North, and one in Anaimalai panchayat union.The government has taken care to avoid allegations that they are diverting students from Tamil, by ensuring that both the English and Tamil medium classes are conducted simultaneously. \"Only one division is allowed to conduct English medium classes, while the other divisions are mandated to conduct Tamil medium classes,\" says a government school teacher who wished to remain anonymous.Teachers hope that this policy will help sustain government schools as some of them are facing a shortage of students. \"Nowadays, most people including the poor prefer to send their children to private English medium schools. Therefore, many government schools are short of students. Consequently, some teachers are declared to be in 'excess', by the government,\" she said.Some parents who now send their children to English medium schools say that if this is a success they have no qualms about sending their children to government schools. S Syed Jalal, whose son studies in a leading matriculation school in the city says that this is a bold experiment. \"If it is a success, people will be more than willing to send their children to attend English medium classes run in government schools,\" he says. At the same time, they are apprehensive about the ability of teachers, the infrastructure and other related matters.But teachers say that they are adequately trained. S Rejina, the headmistress of the primary school in Madukkarai says teachers have received adequate training. \"Teachers are given English training regularly. So we will have no difficulty,\" she says. Education officials also say that adequate facilities have been put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132389", "title": "Drought looms large over west Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Moderate to heavy rain on Tuesday improved the rainfall situation in the east UP, but the threat of drought looms large over the western parts of the state. Though the weatherman was hopeful about the improvement in west UP in next couple of days, the state government is keeping its fingers crossed and is ready with a contingency plan.The scanty rainfall so far has hit the paddy crop in the west, but sufficient rain at this point of time would help them sow coarse grains and pulses. Though monsoon had arrived in UP on June 21, it gathered momentum after July 5. On June 28, the rainfall deficit was 77% below normal, which on Tuesday (July 24) was 34% below normal, an improvement of 43%. The average per district rainfall in UP from June 1 to July 24 has been 202.6 mm against the normal 309 mm. East UP received more rains than west. The average per district rains in the east UP so far has been 264.0 mm, 22% below normal.In comparison, the average per district rain in the west UP has been 109.1 mm against 264.8 mm, 59% below normal. Ambedkarnagar with 38% above normal rains has been the wettest district in the state so far, while Amroha has been the driest one. Alok Ranjan, agriculture production commissioner, when contacted, said that the rainfall in last few days has been good, but state government is ready with a contingency plan. \"The situation in east UP is so far under control. However, some districts in the west UP and Bundelkhand are still an area of concern. We hope that the western region would receive adequate rains in coming days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15127878", "title": "Inform us before leaving city, Bokaro police tell residents", "text": "BOKARO: To check rising incidents of theft, Bokaro police are now asking residents to send short messages to them or inform the local police station before leaving the city.In the past few months, the city has witnessed burglaries in empty houses. The thieves have mostly been active in Sector-IV/F, which is a posh area of the township with more than 700 flats of senior officials of the Bokaro Steel Limited. The rise in theft has made BSL officials and their family members unsafe However, to gain the confidence of residents, the law enforcers have appealed to the residents, particularly of Sector-IV/F, to inform them before leaving the city.Officer in charge of Sector-IV police station Surender Kumar held a meeting with the residents and victims of burglaries on Durgapuja Ground of Sector-IV/F. Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said initially this facility was only for residents of Sector-IV/F as the area seemed to be more vulnerable to thefts. \"Patrolling has been intensified in the area while tiger mobiles have also been directed to patrol the streets at frequent intervals. We found that thieves have mostly targeted those houses which are locked. We have provided phone numbers of police officers and tiger mobiles to the residents,\" he said. Pankaj Lata, a resident, welcomed the police effort.Vikas Kumar, a victim whose house was burgled by thieves, said apart from asking residents for information about their leaving the city, police should also concentrate on nabbing the thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135109", "title": "Senior police official in dock over \u2018lifted\u2019 person", "text": "KANPUR: Metropolitan magistrate, Kanpur Nagar, on Tuesday asked the Badshahi Naka station police officer to file an affidavit and state on oath whatever he wants to say on charges leveled against him by one Reena Gupta who claims her husband was in police custody.Reena, a resident of Naughara locality, had charged the Badshahi Naqa police station officer that he along with a few other police constables had \"lifted\" her husband Manoj Gupta from Maniram Baghia stand on July 17 with out any reason. They neither apprised him about his crime nor depicted his arrest in connection with any crime so far.The complainant, in her affidavit filed before the court, submitted that she had informed the senior police officials and human rights commission by telegram that police had taken her husband Manoj Gupta in its custody illegally.A constable of Badshahi Naqa police had informed her that station officer had taken Manoj Gupta to Kotwali police station. On July 20 last, Kotwali police did not allow her to meet Manoj. However, Manoj saw her and sobbingly told her that the cops were fabricating him in false case and were planning to kill him in encounter.Charging the Kotwali police officials, Reena further stated in her affidavit that they also forced her to sit there till 9 pm and asked to convince Manoj to accept the police's proposal otherwise they would kill him in encounter him.She informed the DIG about the issue by telegram on the same day when police allowed her to go out of Kotwali police station.Metropolitan magistrate (IX), Kanpur Nagar, sought a report from Badshahi Naka police station about Manoj Gupta's whereabout. The police apprised the court that it had not arrested or \"lifted\" Manoj Gupta and charges lavelled against them were false and fabricated.The presiding judge, thereafter, summoned the station police officer to appear in person before the court on July 24. tnnThe station police officer appeared in the court on Tuesday day and told the court that they did not know about Manoj Gupta. But the judicial official asked him to submit an affidavit and adduce in that whatever he wants to say in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132885", "title": "Conman cheats Gurgaon co of Rs 16L", "text": "NASHIK: The Satpur police have launched a hunt to trace Dattatray Narayan Bagul of Sai Pooja Apartment, Pathardi Phata in connection with cheating a Gurgaon-based company to the tune of Rs 16 lakh.Bagul is alleged to have cheated Interface Micro System of Gurgaon from December 2010 to August 2011. The Satpur police said the accused was employed with the company and stationed in Nashik. His job was to accept orders of goods from industries in the city and send the requisition to the company. Subsequently, the goods reached godowns of logistics companies, from where they were picked up and delivered to the concerned industries by the accused. In this case, while the goods-mainly electronic auto parts- arrived at the godowns of Om Logistics and Singul Logistics, the accused took these items from the their godowns but did not deliver them to Mahindra and Mahindra, where they were supposed to delivered. The electronic auto parts were instead sold in the open market or to other shops or companies by the accused.DCP Swami said the incident came to light on August 29, 2011. After it came to know about the fraud, the company asked the accused to return the value of the goods which he misappropriated but the accused said he would return only Rs 6 lakh.With things not materializing through talks, Vikram Singh Kirat of Interface Micro System came to Nashik and lodged a complaint of cheating against Dattratray Bagul at Satpur police station on Monday.The accused has switched off his mobile phone making it difficult for cops to trace him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133640", "title": "Masjid dispute: ASI, corporation reach deadlock", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before the Delhi high court hearing on the Akbarabadi Masjid controversy, North Delhi Municipal Corporation and Archaeological Survey of India have come to a deadlock.ASI wrote to North Corporation on Tuesday, saying that it will not take possession of the disputed land till the fresh constructions that have come up last week over the Mughal-era ruins are razed. ASI has given North Corporation 15 days to demolish the new constructions. The court had directed ASI to investigate the ruins discovered over a month agoNorth Delhi mayor Mira Aggarwal confirmed, \"The corporation received a letter on Tuesday from ASI which was marked to the commissioner, the chief engineer and the mayor. ASI is demanding that the corporation demolish the fresh construction before handing over the land. But it is not possible as we have to maintain the status quo as per the high court order. We are open to hand over the land any day and for this we will get in touch with ASI and clarify the matter with it.\"ASI sources added if the heritage body demolishes the constructions, the costs would have to be borne by the civic body. Despite several attempts, no ASI official could be contacted though a team of senior officials had visited the site at Subhash Park in the afternoon.North Corporation officials have already said they were in favour of razing the constructions and the corporation would file an affidavit in the high court on Wednesday seeking permission to do so. North Corporation on Tuesday demanded a CBI inquiry into the unauthorized construction. Chairman, standing committee, Yogender Chandolia also said that while chief minister Sheila Dikshit had blamed North Corporation and Delhi Police for not taking any action against the construction, she had not hold anyone responsible for the illegal construction.He added that North Corporation had given the land to Delhi Metro till April 10, 2016, for Metro's Phase III construction and it was \"the legal responsibility of DMRC to not allow any person or organization to construct anything unauthorized\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15128139", "title": "Boy run over by train at Dibdih crossing", "text": "RANCHI: Love for music killed a 25-year-old youth in city on Tuesday morning. The boy, yet to be identified, had earphones plugged to his ears while going past a railway level crossing when he was run over by a passenger train on the Ranchi-Hatia main line. The incident occurred at Dibdih level-crossing. The victim hailed from Khunti district and lived in Ranchi to pursue his studies.Arms dealers arrestedPolice on Tuesday arrested two arms dealers, Javed Ali and Mohd Neim, from Kokar industrial area. Three 7.65 bore pistols, 3 magazines and 10 bullets were recovered from their possession. Both the suppliers hailed from Nalanda district of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133329", "title": "Cong resists NCP pressure, rallies behind Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leaders feel Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar's offensive against Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan must be resisted as the ally was being goaded by mounting political problems on his home turf.There is a strong consensus among Congress leaders, including those from Maharashtra, that the party must not give in to NCP pressure to change the chief minister as this would undo efforts to mark a break from corruption scandals like Adarsh that hurt Congress's image.Solidarity for Chavan will provide the CM some relief after being subjected to relentless attacks by NCP and a section of his own party over his \"style of governance\" which is alleged to be proving a hurdle for ordinary MLAs. The backing, despite 40-odd Congress MLAs writing to the state unit chief complaining about Chavan's performance, rules out any immediate change of guard in Mumbai.There is a view that even if Pawar does not act on his withdrawal threat right now - settling on a compromise of a consultative mechanism - the political drama in Maharashtra would only have paused as the NCP chief will keep looking for options other than Congress.The NCP leader's tactics are seen to be also influenced by some concern over the state of affairs in his own party, where his nephew Ajit Pawar has been in an assertive frame of mind. Pawar is believed to be keen to shed the agriculture portfolio for a possible Cabinet Committee on Security berth. He is also understood to be keen for political accommodation for daughter Supriya.The complaint that Chavan has not been sufficiently mindful of the NCP boss draws differing responses. Some feel the CM could bend a bit on this front while others say the party high command needs to make its mind clear on the matter. On his part, Chavan is understood to have met senior NCP leaders like heavy industries minister Praful Patel recently without receiving an inkling of any trouble.Congress sources said NCP's threat to withdraw from the Manmohan Singh government is rooted in growing frustrations in Maharashtra where the ally's leaders have been implicated in graft charges recently. The high profile irregularities alleged in irrigation projects and contracts regarding Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi are cases in point.Chavan's by-the-book approach has rubbed NCP leaders the wrong way as the CM does not go too far to accommodate them in terms of appointments of officials and clearance of files. His insistence that files be thoroughly vetted means he is sometimes accused of being \"overly cautious\", a charge he seems ready to live with as long as the Congress high command is convinced he is keeping the house clean.\"Since Chavan took over, there have been no major charges against him. On the other hand, NCP leaders have been in the news for the wrong reasons,\" said a senior Maharashtra leader, expressing the view that Pawar might even fulfill his threat to pull out of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15136857", "title": "Ranbir to revisit Jumma Chumma", "text": "The actor, along with Deepika Padukone , will give his own spin to the chartbuster from Mukul Anand's 1991 hit HumTry as they might, the makers of Ranbir Kapoor's next, Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwaani , have been unsuccessful at keeping their little secret under wraps. TOI has found out Ranbir, along with his co-star Deepika Padukone, will be re-creating the magic of the super-hit track Jumma Chumma De De from Mukul Anand's 1991 hit Hum . The original number, a duet, whose music was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal, was sung by Kavita Krishnamurthy and Sudesh Bhosle. Bhosle was brought in to imitate Amitabh Bahchan's rich baritone as Bachchan begged off from singing what he considered a difficult and high-pitched song.However, Ranbir, has no such qualms, and will not only be dancing with Deepika to the beats of the colourful song but will also be lending his own voice to it.A source close to the film told TOI, \" Karan Johar , director Ayaan Mukherjee, Ranbir and Deepika are huge fans of the Big B. It was decided they'd do one of his songs and dance in Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani. The question was which one? The success of Dharma Productions' remake of Mukul Anand's Agneepath answered that question and it was decided that Jumma chumma with its naughty, perky rhythms and lines would suit Ranbir to the hilt.\"Adarsh Gupta, Business Head, Saregama, confirmed the Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani team has acquired the rights of the Jumma chumma chartbuster.What remains undecided though is whether Ranbir and Deepika will replicate the original steps of Big B and Kimi Katkar or go for an entirely new choreography in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133994", "title": "Ill inmates put jail authorities in a fix", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Model jail authorities here are in a fix over a peculiar problem. They are forced to spend nearly five times the amount on keeping the good health of their ailing inmates than the total sum being spent on their diet annually. Huge chunk of jail budget is being spent on medicines and tests.There are around 670 prisoners lodged at high-security jail and out of them nearly 70 are suffering from serious diseases like diabetes , hypertension, high blood pressure , kidney problems, heart related problems and various other chronic diseases. Many of them are hard-core drug-addicts.Over Rs 12.5 lakh is spent on the annual diet, of ill prisoners whereas nearly Rs 65 lakh is being spent on their medicines, medical tests and in taking them to hospitals in case of any emergency.\"We spend nearly Rs 50 on the diet of each prisoner everyday and our annual expenditure comes out to over Rs 1 crore.This amount is spent on the buying of grocery and vegetables.However, around 10% prisoners are suffering from different diseases, mainly from heart diseases and hypertension,\" said Balbir Singh Dhol, additional inspector general of Model jail.\"Though we have our own doctor and para-medical staff in the jail, we have to spend a lot on their regular treatment and medicines. In some cases, they have to be taken to hospitals and we have to arrange for transport and proper security that adds to the expenditure,\" stated Dhol.Burail jail houses many dreaded criminals and it is really difficult for the authorities to take them out for treatment.Recently, a proposal to set up for blood testing and various other tests labs inside the jail premises, was also mooted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132302", "title": "EC cannot de-register political parties: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that there was no statutory provision or authority empowered to de-register a political party.Solicitor General (SG) R F Nariman told this to a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya, who had wanted to know his response to its question: could a political party be de-recognized for calling blockade of rail or road traffic?The SG said the apex court had in 2002 decided the question declining to empower Election Commission (EC) with the power to deregister a political party. The SC judgment had ruled, \"De-registration of a political party is a serious matter as it involves divesting of the party of a statutory status of a registered political party. We are, therefore, of the view that unless there is express power of review conferred upon the Election Commission, the Commission has no power to entertain or enquire into the complaint for de-registering a political party for having violated the Constitutional provisions.\"Upset over the lack of penalty for political parties resorting to blockades that paralyze normal life, the bench had posed this question to SG while dealing with PILs - one dealing with the Mirchipur incident and resultant blockade of rail traffic and the other by former BSF DGP Prakash Singh drawing court's attention to the 120- day blockade by Naga groups in Manipur.The Mirchpur violence against dalits had led to arrest of upper caste Jats. Protesting the arrests, the Jat community had uprooted rail tracks and blocked road traffic for days resulting in a loss of Rs 33 crore to railways and the state exchequer.Though the apex court had in 2009 laid down guidelines against mob violence damaging public and private property, the bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya attempted to streamline action against those resorting to road and rail traffic blockades.After getting response from SG, the bench asked Haryana government whether it was willing to compensate the loss of Rs 33 crore caused by the Jat agitation. It returned an affidavit filed by a deputy commissioner of the state, and directed the state's principal secretary (home) to file a response since the loss to the exchequer was on account of the state government's negligence or inaction.Posting the matter after two weeks, the court also directed the state to report what action had been initiated against the accused under the Scheduled Castes &amp; Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15133854", "title": "Vyttila hub second phase on slow track", "text": "KOCHI: As metro authorities have not finalized a design to integrate the bus terminus with the Kochi metro project, the mobility hub society is unable to begin the second phase development activities.The delay in getting state government approval for obtaining loan from the consortium of banks had led to the expiry of the sanction accorded by the banks.Speaking to TOI, Vyttila Mobility Hub Society (VMHS), MD M Beena said, \"The banks have agreed to write to the head offices to renew the sanction, and we expect the procedures will not take much time.\"The consortium of banks, led by Union Bank, had agreed to provide Rs 264 crore for the second phase development. The consortium includes South Indian Bank, State Bank of Travancore and Canara Bank .She said the society is yet to sign an agreement with the banks. The loan will have to be repaid in three years, including a moratorium period of one year.Regarding the finalization of designs, KITCO -the consultants for the hub - has come up with a few international designs. These designs have been presented to Kochi Metro Rail Limited and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation- the two metro authorities.KITCO was given permission to seek the service of international consultants while preparing the blueprint.The intention is to improve aesthetics of the hub as well as the proposed boat jetty adjacent to the bus terminal.Once the design is approved, the society can begin the tender process. VMHS expects to complete tender procedures in three months.The estimated cost of second phase is Rs 376 crore.The government has allocated Rs 5 crore and Greater Cochin Development Authority and the Goshree Islands Development Authority will provide Rs 40 crore.Kochi: It has been a long wait for Vyttila mobility hub. But now, as the metro authorities have not yet finalised a design of the bus terminus integrating Kochi metro project, the mobility hub society is unable to begin the second phase development activities. The delay in getting approval from the state government for obtaining loan form the consortium of banks had led to the expiry of the sanction accorded by the banks.Speaking to TOI, Vyttila Mobility Hub Society (VMHS), managing director, M Beena said, \"The banks have agreed to write to the head offices to renew the sanction, and we expect that the procedures will not take much time.\" The consortium of banks led by the Union Bank had agreed to provide Rs 264 crore for second phase development. The consortium includes South Indian bank, State Bank of Travancore and Canara bank. The managing director explained that the society is yet to sign an agreement with the banks. The loan will have to be repaid within three years including a moratorium period of one year.Regarding the finalisation of designs, KITCO -the consultants for the hub has come up with a few international designs. These designs have been presented before Kochi Metro Rail Limited and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation- the two metro authorities. The consultant was given permission to seek the service of international consultants in preparing the blueprint. This is done with the intention to improve aesthetics of the hub as well as the proposed boat jetty adjacent to the bus terminal. Once the design is approved, the society can proceed with the process of tendering the project. And VMHS expects to complete tender procedures within three months.The second phase is estimated to cost Rs 376 crore. The government has allocated Rs 5 crore for it. The Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) and the Goshree Islands Development Authority (GIDA) will provide Rs 40 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130800", "title": "Beed doctor's kin found dead", "text": "MUMBAI: The Beed police on Tuesday found the body of \"abortion doctor\" Sudam Munde's brother-in-law Angad Kendre (35), who is suspected to have committed suicide by consuming poison. Kendre would allegedly help Munde dispose of fetuses after the doctor carried out abortions.According to the local police, preliminary investigation has shown that Kendre had committed suicide by consuming poison.Kendre was arrested soon after Dr Munde and his wife, Saraswati, surrendered themselves to the Parli police on June 18. The Mundes were on the run for close to a month after they were booked for performing illegal sex determination and abortions.Kendre's body was found in one of the farms owned by the Mundes around 6pm on Tuesday, confirmed the police. He was lodged in the Parli jail since his arrest on June 20 and was released on bail a fortnight ago.A police official told TOI that Kendre must have consumed some poison. \"The probe is still on. The body has been sent for post-mortem,\" he said, adding possibility of a foul play could not be ruled out till they got the autopsy report.The state government started a massive hunt for doctors carrying out illegal abortions after Munde's case came to light. He was caught in the net after the death of Vijaymala Pattekar, whose foetus was aborted by Munde illegally in his hospital in Parli, Beed. The case had opened a pandora's box and the police all over the state has since made many arrests in connection to cases of female feticide.The police have found that Mundes owned over 100 acres of land in and around Parli taluka in Beed, and Kendre allegedly buried the aborted foetuses there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134361", "title": "Firms outsmart government, use loopholes to skirt gutkha ban", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite ban, the gutkha is back in a \"novel\" way to haunt the state. Instead of selling the mixture of tobacco and betel nut in a single pouch (recently banned the state), manufactures have now come up with twin packets - each containing the betel nut powder and the tobacco - to dodge the ban. The twin packs are being sold under the same brand name as the guktha.\"As per the law, supari or paan massala is now under food products and no tobacco or nicotine can be mixed with the items which are not allowed under this category. But we have licenses from the health department to manufacture zarda and paan masala separately,\" said Govind Sharan Dhamani, president of Rajasthan Pan Masaala Avam Vikreta Sangh.Taking advantage of the loopholes in the law, gutkha companies are now offering the 'zarda' and 'supari' separately and when mixed together becomes as poisonous as the banned gutkha. Most of the local manufacturers have introduced their products in the market and few of them are about to launch it too.\"The government laws have many flaws and these companies are very smart. The law didn't ban all the tobacco chewing products. Since khaini or mix-masala are readily available, addicts will surly switch to it,\" said Vikram Yadav, owner of Pooja paan bhandar at MI road.His views were echoed by Ramesh Sisodia, a shop owner near the secretariat. \"To be on the safer side, I took only two packets of the new items. But to my surprise it all got sold in four to five hours. It took me a while to sell these different sachets. But those who had it told me that it tastes exactly same like gutkha,\" he said.The government seems to be helpless in the face of the innovative approach adopted by the gutkha companies. \"Anyone one who is making a product which does not contain tobacco or nicotine is legally right,\" said B N Sharma, principal secretary, medical, health and family welfare department.Interestingly, ahead of the notification on the ban, the local manufacturers had received permission form the health department to make 'zarda' and 'supari' seprately. \"It was obvious that the government will go ahead with the ban. So we applied for manufacturing permit of different products which were not in the banned list,\" one of the factory owners said.The state government implemented the ban on July 18 and became the fifth such state. However, the move will cause a revenue loss of around Rs 125 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134215", "title": "Nagpur bizman, son killed in grisly mishap near Katol", "text": "NAGPUR: A city-based businessman and his son were killed while his wife and daughter are battling for life after their car (Swift Dzire) collided head on with an oncoming Mahindra Bolero near Tarabodi village on Nagpur-Katol road under the jurisdiction of Katol police station on Monday evening. Three others in the Bolero were also injured.Timber Bhavan resident Mahesh Jham and his family were coming from Katol to Nagpur when they met with the horrible accident. The relatives said the family had gone to some religious places near Katol. They had left on Monday morning. Fifty-year-old Jham and their 20 year old son Lakhan died on the spot. Hema (45) and 17-year-old Sonali are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in city. Jham owned a garment shop in Gandhibagh.Vikas Wagh, senior police inspector, said they were yet to ascertain whose was at fault for the mishap. \"Initial investigation shows both the vehicles were being driven at high speed. It was a head on collision on a straight stretch of road. We have booked the Bolero driver Aarif Khan and are probing further.\"Jham's driver Hemraj Gadekar, who lodged the police complaint, blamed Khan for the mishap. He said Bolero was being driven rashly and collided with their car on their side of the road. Gadekar claimed he tried to check the speed but failed and the car toppled twice after being hit. Jham, who was sitting next to the driver, was trapped in the mangled car. Lakhan's head hit against the door and seat and the injury proved fatal. Khan also swerved to a side. His passengers Sharif Ahmed Khan (26), Mohammad Ashfaq Gaffar (45) and he himself, all from Amravati, were injured. They are undergoing treatment at nearby rural hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15135181", "title": "Punjab cop caught stealing cellphone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Punjab police constable, Sandeep Singh, was caught red-handed, stealing a cellphone from a mobile shop in Sector 41 on Tuesday night. Constable Singh, attached with the police control room (PCR) wing of district police, Mohali, was also thrashed by the public in the market. Subhash Goyal, owner of the mobile shop, said Sandeep entered the shop for purchasing a mobile phone, but subsequently tried to escape after stealing a cellphone. Police have arrested him and registered a case at Sector 39 police station.Girl's skeleton foundPolice have found the skeleton of a 25-year-old girl from the forest area of Morni on Tuesday. Forensic experts said that the girl apparently died a month back and her identity could be established only by matching her DNA samples with that of her relatives. Police have alerted surrounding area police stations about the recovery of skeleton. The skeleton was in red and green suit with a bangle on the right arm. The skeleton has been kept in the mortuary of Govt Hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135083", "title": "Raksha Bandhan celebrations: Prisoners can now get rakhi by post", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 32,000 prisoners serving sentences in the different prisons in Madhya Pradesh have reasons to cheer up this Rakhi festival. The department of prisons has, for the first time, relaxed norms and allowed prisoners to get 'rakhi' (the sacred thread) send by their sisters by post.The prisoners have been communicated of this decision and they have been asked to inform their families to send rachis if they want, says an official.Deputy inspector general (prisons), R S Vijayvargiya told TOI, \"Post cards have been circulated across the jails so that inmates could write to their sisters and inform about the relaxation in rules. This would help the families to connect with the prisoners.\"Till now, the prison department made temporary arrangements in the prison campus to allow the prisoners and their sisters to mingle and tie rakhi after taking prior permission. But, a majority of prisoners are lodged in different jails across the state, some away from their home towns, making it inconvenient for the families to reach the prisons and meet them.However, the relaxation in new rules would allow only postage of rakhis and no object other than that would be accepted.A function would be organised in the prison campus in presence of officials on August 2 during which the inmates can tie the Rakhis send by their sisters.There are more than 32,500 prisoners in 123 jails of Madhya Pradesh. It includes 8 central jails, 22 district jails, 92 sub-jails and one open jail. Of the total prisoners, around 24,000 are males.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129683", "title": "Palande rerun: Cops may face inquiry", "text": "MUMBAI: An inquiry against a Kandivli police team, who were given the slip by two accused on Tuesday, may be conducted after a report about the incident is submitted by the Nalasopara police. The accused were re-arrested by the Nalasopara police after a few hours.\"We will first go through the report about the incident prepared by the Nala Sopara police and then decide about conducting an inquiry against the Kandivali team,\" said zonal DCP Mahesh Patil. The Nala Sopara police have recorded statements of its own officers, who were involved in the recapture, besides those of the Kandivali police team.\"We have lodged a separate case against the Parmar brothers under section 224 (resistance or obstruction by a person to his lawful apprehension) of the IPC. We will submit a copy of this FIR to the Kandivali cops and seek the Parmar brothers' custody subsequently,\" said additional superintendent (Thane rural) Sangramsinh Nishandar.Interestingly, the Nala Sopara cops who helped recapture the Parmars have been rewarded for their work, while their counterparts in the Kandivali police are likely to face an inquiry about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129937", "title": "Arrest made for abetment to suicide case", "text": "MUMBAI:The relatives of a 24-year-old girl were arrested by the Borivali police on abetment charges on Tuesday, a month after her 'husband' Tushar Seth committed suicide. The girl, Divya Jakharia, has also been booked in the case but is yet to be arrested.Those arrested are Divya's aunt Rita Bamania and her husband Ravindra Bamania, another aunt Bharti Karania and her husband Vinod Karania. Police officials said the arrests took time as they wanted to conduct a proper probe first.According to Tushar's family, he and Divya had secretly tied the knot in 2008. The couple hadn't disclosed their relationship to their families. But when Divya's family fixed her wedding with another youth this year, Tushar confided in his parents that he was married to her. His parents then called over Divya to their place for a discussion on June 9. However, Divya told them that she knew nothing about the marriage certificate and refused to stay with Tushar. Tushar's family then called Divya's relatives home on June 10. They showed them the couple's marriage certificate but the relatives told them to tear it up and added that Divya's wedding couldn't be called off anymore. An upset Tushar walked out of the house and did not return. On June 14, the Waliv police found Tushar's body washed ashore at the Naigaon creek. The cops initially buried his body as it was bloated. But later they ascertained his identity, on the basis of his Sim card details, and exhumed his body for his family to perform his last rites. Tushar's family later lodged a complaint against Divya and her relatives.The arrested foursome will be produced before a Borivali metropolitan court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15134377", "title": "Government to encourage APMCs: Minister", "text": "GONDIA: To give a fillip to the agricultural produce of farmers the state government is mulling to develop district marketing committees on lines of regional marketing committees. The ongoing construction of market yard is a step in that direction.Giving an insight into this, state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil said, \"Government is quite aware of the importance of agriculture produce marketing committees. Hence, in order to help the framers get due price for their produce, we have proposed to develop the district marketing committees.\"The agriculture minister was in Gondia recently for the APMC elections. The APMC Gondia is the largest trading centre of agriculture products in the district. However, a wave of discontent is brewing among the farmers regarding the progress of construction of the new market here. Hence the issue was on top of the agenda of the minister's visit.Addressing the farmers Patil said, \"I am aware that there were complaints about some merchants purchasing paddy below the minimum guaranteed rates. But it will not be possible after the market yard is completed. Along with paddy other agriculture produces would be sold here and the farmers will get good price in return.\"The minister also took stock of the progress of the market yard construction. MLAs Gopaldas Agrawal and Ramratan Raut accompanied the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137880", "title": "Bhavana's real name?", "text": "Kannada actress Bhavana's real name is Karthika Menon. Bhavana is her stage name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15134628", "title": "Kannada books cost a bomb despite government order", "text": "DHARWAD: What is a government order (GO) meant for? To be implemented by the agencies concerned or to be ignored? This is the question being asked in the literary circles in Karnataka.There are instances of department of Kannada and Culture and the Karnataka Book Authority blatantly ignoring the orders issued by the government. The department of Kannada and Culture and Information had issued an order on October 29, 2009 that all the publications of department of the Kannada Book Authority, Kannada and Culture department and all academies should be sold at concessional price to the public as well as to the book depots.The order stated that the books published 10 or more years ago should be sold at 50 per cent concession to the public and at 55 per cent concession to book depots. Similarly the concession for books published between five and 10 years ago was fixed at 30 per cent for public and 35 per cent for the book depots. The order also stated that the books published 3-5 years ago should be sold to public with 20 per cent concession and to book depots at 25 per cent. The concession fixed for new publications was 15 per cent for public and 20 per cent for book depots.However, the order remains on paper as neither KBA nor department of Kannada and Culture are following the contents of the order. The decision to pass the order had been taken at a meeting of the chairpersons of all academies and chaired by secretary to the department of Kannada and Culture held at Bangalore on 11 June 2009.The idea was to attract more readers towards the publications of academies and other government agencies.The Kannada Book Authority is selling the second edition of Vachana Samputa (a comprehensive volume of Vachanas), printed in 2001. Reader Sameer Joshi of Dharwad complained that while the price of the book, printed in 2001 is Rs 850, the KBA is selling the book at the same price without giving any concession. As per the order the volume should be sold to the public for Rs 425 (at 50 % concession) and to the book depots at Rs 362.50 (55 % concession). The book depots are also not getting any concession for the book, said Vishnu Hukkeri, who sells the KBA publications. In addition, the KBA is selling only one set to each buyer.Similarly, the Kannada and Culture department has published 'Rigveda Samhita' and is not offering any concession to the buyers. When questioned the department officials at Bangalore said no concession could be given on this book as it is being sold at subsidized price. Former member of Kannada Book Authority and noted publisher Ramakant Joshi taking exception to the attitude of KBA and the Kannada and Culture department said the government agencies were violating the GO blatantly. He said KBA chairman Siddalingaiah expressed his inability in getting the GO implemented.Siddalingaiah was not available for his comments when TOI tried to contact him. Ramakant Joshi said the government should take necessary steps to see that its orders are implemented properly and the readers are benefitted. \"If the government is keen on getting more revenue let it fix high price for the book and then provide concession stipulated in the order\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135192", "title": "4 youths held for stealing 700 gms of gold", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four youths hailing from Mandya district in Karnataka were arrested by Coimbatore city police on Tuesday in connection with a robbery case and 700 grams of gold jewels have been seized from them.The accused have been identified as N Naveenkumar (22), T Punithkumar (21), T Sunilkumar (21) and K Punith (22), all hailing from Mandya district in Karnataka. Police said Naveenkumar had been working under the two gold jewelry manufacturers S Venkatesh (38) and his brother S Saravanan (35) from Ashok Nagar in Selvapuram in the city for two years. The manufacturers bought gold biscuits and gave it to goldsmiths to make ornaments, selling the jewelry in Karnataka and other states. Naveenkumar quit his job and started working in another gold manufacturing unit in the same locality.On the night of July 3rd, Saravanan and his friends masked their faces and knocked on Venkatesh's door. When the duo opened the door, two of the gang held them at knife point, while the other two robbed 700 grams of gold jewels. The gang then tied their hands and legs using electrical wires and gagged them. When the gang fled, the brothers lodged a complaint with the Selvapuram police. A special team was formed to nab the culprits.The special team had gone to Bangalore. The culprits realized the police was on their trail and quickly sold the stolen jewels to a gold shop owner who informed the Bangalore police.Bangalore police took them into their custody and later produced them before a court in Bangalore on July 20. They were lodged in Bangalore central prison. The Karnataka police had seized 700 grams of gold jewels and a knife from them and handed it over to the court. Coimbatore city police was alerted by Karnataka police three days ago and a special team was sent to Karnataka. The team escorted the accused to Coimbatore on Tuesday. All four youths were produced before Judicial Magistrate Court -V and the city police sought a three-day custody of the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133877", "title": "Another plan for resolving parking woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The common sight of haphazardly parked vehicles in front of houses has forced the civic body to again moot a plan for the construction a community parking lot in Sector 47.According to previous plan, the parking facility was to have both ground and underground levels. But the project was halted by architecture department of Chandigarh administration, reasoning that similar underground parking lots in sectors 17 and 8 are not being utilized properly.Interestingly, the Punjab and Haryana high court had instructed the civic body and UT administration to make the existing underground parking lots operational by providing required facilities. So the focus of the administration is on existing parking rather than constructing new ones. A senior MC official , who declined to be named, said, \"Community parking will come up as the proposal hasn't been rejected. As of now the focus is more on making existing ones operational.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131843", "title": "Arson case: Parents booked for letting kids drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the teens, now their parents will face the heat in arson case where 11 vehicles were set on fire by a group of bikers on July 19. The city police officials booked owners of the five vehicles used in the arson case under provisions of Motor Vehicles Act.Sharad Singhal, in-charge deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, told TOI that while the teens were let go after questioning on Monday, their parents have broken law for giving them vehicle above 100 cc to ride. \"The accused have confessed that they were using the vehicles for their night outs. As in most of the cases their parents are owners of the vehicles, they will be charged with section 180 of Motor Vehicles Act. According to the act, if found guilty, the accused can be charged with three months of imprisonment,\" said Singhal.He added that as cases of rowdy teen drivers is rampant in the city; the provision will be used in future as well. The parents booked include Gunvant Patel, a resident of Nirnaynagar, Sanjay Rawal, a resident of Ranip, Ashok Sadhwani, a resident of Ambawadi, Asha Ramani, a resident of Bopal, and Sudha Mishra, a resident of Sola.Officials said that the section was earlier used when the teens were found to be involved in accidents or rash driving. \"Arson however is a serious offence. It is a warning for the parents whose kin are using or abusing the vehicle for nefarious activities,\" said a senior police official.12 cops felicitated for catching bikers gangCity police officials felicitated 12 officers and personnel for catching the teen arsonists who set 11 bikes on fire over three days. Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, gave certificates and cash rewards to the personnel at city police commissioner office in Shahibaug. The recipients include a police inspector, two police sub-inspectors, four head constables and five constables from Naranpura and Sola police stations. \"It was a difficult case to crack and the way the accused were tracked and nabbed was commendable. The police's reputation was at stake when these personnel caught them just three days after the incident. The case is going on and other personnel might also be rewarded,\" said Tomar. On July 19, a group of bikers started off from SG Highway towards interiors of the city and left behind a blazing trail as they targeted 11 bikes parked on the roads and set them on fire . The same group also confessed to two previous arson cases and three cases of damage to private property. The group was busted on Saturday and Sunday after a tip-off from a Naranpura constable who informed superiors of the group's meeting at a Shastrinagar paan parlour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138191", "title": "Today's actors depend on PR for success, says Suniel", "text": "For actor Suniel Shetty, life seems to have become a roller coaster again. Busy with several acting assignments Suniel says he's enjoying his current phase. \"Not that I didn't enjoy the past ones, but this is also good. Imagine so many people still waiting to see me. Feels good to know that you haven't been out of sight and out of mind,\" says he, seeing the crowd jostling and pushing to have a glimpse of him while he was in the city to promote his latest film Picture Abhi Baki Hai.\"I have had a long association with Lucknow. I keep dropping in quite frequently courtesy Sahara Shri,\" says Suniel when asked about hows it coming to Lucknow. \"In fact I love this city and it's people. In fact I'd love to come here and set up my business here. I have met your CM a couple of times and last time when we met, we did talk on this topic. But now, I would love to do something concrete here,\" says the actor while tucking into some Awadhi non-veg delicacies at a local lounge.Charmed by Akhilesh Yadav , Suniel can't stop praising India's youngest Chief Minister. \"What he's done is phenomenal. What a win! He took everyone by surprise and it's all because of his tact and simplicity. He has no airs and he's so humble. That's what won people over and I'm sure he'll make a very good CM and take some decisive steps for the state,\" says Suniel.The businessman speaks, we feel. Say that and he smiles. \"I'm a bad businessman. I can't plan or strategise. I'm too emotional for that but yes, I can't refute that I have several business to my name. But my dealings is not at all business like,\" says Suniel. Is that why he's shut his production company. \"Yes. I couldn't handle production. Firstly the films that I produced didn't do too well, secondly main kisi se maalik ki tarah baat nahi kar sakta. You know we actors are such emotional fools that in such ventures, we are mostly taken for a ride. Personal relationships and emotions get in our way. I think actor can never be producers. I couldn't say no to people and in the end suffered--both emotionally and financially. I saw I couldn't handle it so I shut shop. Now, I'm only concentrating on acting in films.\"And so now Suniel is concentrating full time on acting. And that's keeping him busy these days, apart from his various business interests. \"Yes, I'm back and thoroughly enjoying my work. Balki you can't say that I'm back. I had been acting in films off and on but yes, it was less than I did earlier. But I'm happy at the pace. 2-4 films karo and then relax.\"But then isn't that the nemesis of an actor? Doesn't one have to be seen more often to remain in the fray? \"Not at all. I don't think so. Most actors of my generation are being selective about their film. Look at Aamir Khan. He does one film yet he makes a mark. So, I don't think it's anything like that. If the audience likes you, they will watch you. Whether you do ten films a year or two.\"Further refuting the idea of remaining in news Suniel says, \" Aaj kal ke heroes steroids le ke bodies banate hain . They depend totally on the PR machinery to further their careers. Whereas we, Akshay Kumar , Aamir Khan , Salman Khan , etc our generations of heroes, we gained popularity through our sheer hard work and portrayal of characters on screen. Aaj kal ke hore-hroines kya karte hain? 'Maine 10 carat ka heera khareeda, maine nayi car kahridi, iski news bana do, maine biwi ko naya ghar dilaya, so that's news, I pick up a fight, so print that. All these are gimmicks to stay in news. We didn't need to resort to this. We let our work do the talking and it still talks very well for us,\" says Suniel.Coming back to reality, Ask Suniel about his kids and his eyes soften. My daughter Athiya, she's very interested in joining films. I too am encouraging her. She's as of now studying film making abroad. Once she comes back she'll decide what she wants to do and how she wants to work in the film industry. My son Ahan is also interested in films, but he's still too young to decide what he wants to do. But I will never discourage them from joining the industry. It's a good place if you are good, it's a bad place if you are bad. People treat you the way you want to be treated. So I'm confident my kids will be treated very well in the industry,\" says Suniel proudly. \"I have lived all my life with my parents who have inculcated good values in me, which I have passed on to my kids. And I feel goodness always pays. That's what I have taught my kids and with the blessings of my parents, I'm sure they will also do well.\"On the film front Suniel says that another of Hera Pheri's sequel is in the offing. We, that is Akshay, Paresh Bhai and I are eagerly awaiting its announcement. People recognise us as the naughty trio and we want to keep that memory alive. There are a few other assignments which you'll see as they release.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137808", "title": "Ritabhari turns radio jockey", "text": "Ritabhari Chakraborty will soon be essaying the role of a bubbly, chirpy RJ in Subrata Lahiri's upcoming film \"Prem Unlimited\".She is paired opposite debutant Sagar. The music for the film has been composed by Debajyoti Mishra. This is the first time he has composed for a teenage love story. \"It's a very different love story. Therefore, the music essays the mood of the film. I have included a lot of fun elements and Mills and Boons type love songs such as \" Lampost theke dosh hath doore tomar bari\". Talking about the movie, Ritabhari said, \"This is my second movie after the yet-tobe-released \"Tabuo Basanto\". Here, I play this talkative, crazy and confused RJ Priya. She does whatever comes to her mind. I loved being a part of this film because it is not very intellectual. All youngsters can relate to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133395", "title": "No hilsa on platter? Blame scanty rains", "text": "KOLKATA: If your fingers got singed when you touched the hilsa at the market this Sunday, blame it on this year's poor monsoon.The deficiency in rainfall has led to a sharp rise in salinity of the Hooghly and the Bhagirathi, spoiling the favourite breeding ground of hilsa and reducing the catch. This has led to a sharp rise in hilsa prices. Last weekend, the price hovered around the Rs 800 per kg mark in markets across the city.Jadavpur University oceanography department director Sugata Hazra said the lack of heavy showers in south Bengal had driven hilsa shoals towards Bangladesh, leading to a massive drop in catch in Bengal. \"The drop in fresh water supply due to failure of monsoon has led to migration of hilsa towards the Meghna-Padma estuary. That is because the salinity has increased from 13-15 parts per million (ppm) at this time of the year to 30 ppm this year,\" he said.The hilsa shad spends most of its life in the inshore areas of the sea and undertakes extensive migrations ascending estuaries and rivers for breeding. The life cycle of most marine and estuarine species involves complex migrations between spawning and nursery grounds. Older hilsa spawn for the second and the third time in the higher reaches, while younger hilsa making their first spawning migration are more susceptible to changes in salinity and spawn in the lower stretches of the river.According to statistics available with the Central Inland Fisheries Research Institute (Cifri), hilsa catch has nosedived from 60,000 tonne in 2010-11 to 18,000 tonne in 2011-12. \"This year, the catch may go down to as low as 7,000-8,000 tonne,\" Cifri riverine ecology and fisheries division head Utpal Bhaumik said.While lack of rainfall has hit hilsa catch particularly hard this year, Bhaumik said the situation had also turned precarious due to unsustainable fishing practices. \"Unless we stop unsustainable fishing and regulate the quantity of catch as well as the type of net that is used for fishing, hilsa will soon disappear from the average Bengali's plate in India,\" Mondal said.The situation is very different in Bangladesh with the country taking a series of measures a decade ago to protect what is essentially more of a Bengali obsession than just a cuisine. \"In the hilsa action plan developed in 2001-02, five spawning grounds were identified and named sanctuaries. Also, a ban on fishing is in force between full moon and new moon in October-November to ensure that the breeding is not disturbed,\" said University of Dhaka zoology department professor Niamul Naser.The measures yielded results. In 2011-12, Bangladesh recorded hilsa catch of 2.6 lakh tonne. This year, the catch is expected to rise to 3 lakh tonne. \"If there is proper trans-boundary management of hilsa, the sustainable catch can easily increase to 15 lakh tonne,\" said Dhaka University fisheries department professor and chairman Dewan Ali Ahsan.The study also revealed that several migration routes that the hilsa traditionally undertook are now blocked by siltation in the Hooghly, Bhagirathi, Meghna, Padma, Garai and other rivers. Several stretches of these rivers need to be desilted.Ahsan, along with Naser, Bhaumik and Hazra, has concluded a year-long study on the importance of migratory and spawning patterns for the conservation of hilsa in Bangladesh and India. The study is part of a larger dialogue initiated by International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) for sustainable management of trans-boundary water regimes in South Asia. The four got together to present their report at an Indo-Bangla Hilsa conference in the city.Among those who were present at the meet were Bangladesh MPs Md Mokbul Hossain and Zafar Iqbal Siddique, both members of the parliamentary standing committee for the ministry of fisheries and livestock in that country, and state fisheries department minister of state Subrata Saha.PROPOSALS TO PROTECT THE BENGALI PLATE1. Declare stretches of river between Gatkhali to Diamond Harbour; Hooghly Ghat to Kalna; and Lalbagh to Farakka as Hilsa sanctuaries.2. Ban fishing in 10 km radius of sanctuaries during the peak spawning period (October-November). Compensate riverine Hilsa fishermen through alternative livelihood.3. Stringent ban on capture of juveniles and destruction of Hilsa fisheries. During March-May, most juveniles (80-150 mm) start downstream migration. Restrict use of bag and scoop nets for catching Hilsa below 230 mm.4. Prohibit fishing within 5 km of barrage to protect species and faciiltate brooders for spawning in the area.5. Surveillance by territorial coast guards to stop operation of foreign vessels in the fishing areas of marine zone.6. Introduction of the Marine Fishing Act of West Bengal to allow demarcation and regulation of fishing zones according to gear and craft.7. Take measures to restrict number of boats plying in the fishing zone. Introduce a system of fishing quotas for each boat and proper recording of landing data to maintain fish catch at a sustainable level.8. Declare submerged sand bars within estuaries of Matla, Thakuran and Raimongal rivers as 'protected areas' for Hilsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15130515", "title": "Narmada water to help save paddy fields around Ahmedabad", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government on Tuesday instructed Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) to divert large volumes of water from the Narmada canal to save paddy fields near Ahmedabad. The water-intensive crop is spread in fields over 50,000 hectares around the city. Sources said thousands of farmers, who will benefit as a result of the release of Narmada water, belong to Sanand, Daskroi, Bavla and Dholka talukas. These are some of the most adverselyaffected areas because of lack of rains.A state minister told TOI that nearly 5,300 cusecs of water was being released from the Narmada dam into the main canal. \"While a decision on how much water will finally be diverted is being worked out, we expect that nearly 10 per cent, or about 5,300 cusecs would be set aside for these rich talukas. \"The farmers went intensely into paddy sowing about 10 days ago, and now want water to save the crop,\" the minister added. \"The pressure is huge.\"As there is no direct Narmada canal network available in the areas where paddy is being grown around Ahmedabad, the water will be released into Sabarmati river from the Narmada canal between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar . This water will be released into the Fatehwadi canal, which is linked with the Vasna barrage on Sabarmati river. The Fatewadi canal previously used to take water released from Dharoi dam. \"Very few farmers are currently sowing water-saving crops like cotton and castor, which is one reason why the water is so badly needed,\" the source said. The move comes against the backdrop of government efforts to \"teach\" farmers the need to go in for crops and varieties requiring less water through Krishi Manotsavs. A senior BJP leader from Dholka, himself a big farmer, admitted, \"The farmers have got used to the water-intensive crop ever since they used to get waters from Dharoi dam. They refuse to shift over to crops which do not require much water. There are only isolated cases where they have shifted.\"This is the second government effort to save the crop. Last week, at the end of a high-level meeting with finance minister Vajubhai Vala, the government instructed the state irrigation department to begin releasing huge quantities of water from three major dams. These include Kadana, Ukai and Panam dams. This was mainly done to save paddy and sugarcane crop in large areas of central and south Gujarat. \"There is enough water in these dams. We can release even more water,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15127880", "title": "Farmers rally against land acquisition for Damodar Valley Corporation project", "text": "RAMGARH: Farmers of Jhinjharitand under Gola block of Ramgarh district on Tuesday launched a protest against the acquisition of land for setting up of a Damodar Valley Corporation ( DVC) power sub-station.Former MP and CPI state secretary Bhuneshwar Prasad Mehta called the farmers to plough the land acquired as a mark of protest against the acquisition of fertile land which they had been cultivating for decades.Mehta who visited Gola and met the farmers said the land had been forcibly taken from them without giving them proper compensation and rehabilitation. \"I have told the farmers to plough their fields and grow crops as without providing proper compensation and rehabilitation, the government can't stop the farmers from cultivating their field as they are the owners of the land and have the right to grow crops there,\" Mehta said.\"Our forefathers fought against the British government for conservation of water, land and forest as these were directly connected with our culture and civilization. Sadly, even after Independence our farmers continue to fight against the wrong displacement and rehabilitation policies of our own government,\" Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15135016", "title": "Army rescues bear cub from poacher", "text": "ITANAGAR: An injured bear cub that was apparently trapped by poachers has been rescued by Army jawans at Seppa in East Kameng district. The animal was later handed over to the wildlife authorities.An Army team from Tenga Garrison, which was proceeding to Seppa, the district headquarters, on July 15, was informed by a local boy about the presence of poachers with a wild animal about 1km inside the jungle near Margingla village.The Army jawans immediately reacted and cordoned off the suspected area. The poachers, taking advantage of the darkness and the dense jungle, fled the scene, leaving the injured Himalayan bear cub behind.The Army team took the cub and brought it to their camp and gave it first aid. Subsequently, Army authorities informed the Bear Rescue Centre at Pakke Tiger Reserve and handed over the cub on July 18 last, an official communique informed here on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15134890", "title": "Assam ethnic riots: Heat on govt for failing to tackle Bodo-Muslim strife", "text": "GUWAHATI: With ethnic violence engulfing new areas in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts on Tuesday, the state government is facing flak of various organizations for failing to control the situation.Aasu blamed chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is in charge of home affairs, for failing to contain violence. Tapan Gogoi, Aasu general secretary, said, \"We have expressed our concern over the incident and strongly condemn the loss of life and property. Violence in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts show that the chief minister is ineffective in tackling the situation.\"All Assam Minority Students' Union (Aamsu) has demanded the resignation of the chief minister and asked the Centre to give control to the army. \"For two months, we have been telling the government that people were being targeted, but without any avail. Police are trying to cover up the incidents. Even when the state ministers are present there, villages are being burned and people are being killed,\" said Rejaul Karim Sarkar, the general secretary of Aamsu.Ranoj Pegu, the president of Mising Mimang Kebang, appealed to all sections of people to abjure violence and come forward for a political solution to their grievances.However, the All Assam Tribal Sangha (AATS), the joint forum of tribal communities in the state, rued \"slackness\" on the part of state police in protecting the \"bhumiputras\" or the sons of the soil in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas. Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, AATS general secretary Aditya Khakhlari said miscreants killed four Bodo youths in front of police at Namapara on Friday evening, which triggered the present violence.\"Police were just mere spectators. Had the state government taken necessary steps immediately after the incident took place, violence would not have spread to Dhubri and Chirang districts,\" said Khakhlari. Blaming the Congress-led government for the present situation, he criticized the All Bodoland Minorities Students' Union (ABMSU) for calling a bandh on Monday.Pramode Boro, the president of All Bodo Students' Union (ABSU), said, \"There is a deep conspiracy and we know that some elements from Bangladesh are adding fuel to fire. We urge the administration to seal the border between Kokrajar and Dhubri. We urge Tarun Gogoi to take stock of the situation and provide more security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15136975", "title": "Writer director BR Ishara passes away", "text": "Writer director BR Ishara passed away at local hospital in Mumbai on Wednesday morning. Ishara was recently diagnosed with tuberculosis and was undergoing treatment at criticare hospital in Juhu.Ishara started a trend of bold themes in Hindi cinema and is also known to be the first director to have started the tradition of shooting in Bungalows. Ishara shot Chetana, starred Rehana Sultan, at Suhel Bungalow. The film was completed in 25 days.Ishara popularly known as Babu started his film career as a tea boy. B R Ishara, who has made over 34 films including Chetna, Hum Do Hamare Do, Charitra, Aurat, Kaaran, introduced stars like Parveen Babi and Bappi Lahri to the industry.He brought cricketer of 70s, Salim Durrani in to the films and made Charitra where he introduced Parveen Bobby also. He gave chances to many new comers including Danny,Rakesh Pandey, Rehana Sultana, Vijay Arora, Jaya Bhaduri, Amitabh Bachchan, Reena Roy, Shatrughan Sinha, Raj Kiran and Raza Murad.Ishara is survived by his actress wife Rehana Sultan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134146", "title": "Youth killed after gambling away friend's money", "text": "NAGPUR: Four youths under the influence of alcohol, killed their 24-year-old friend after an argument over Rs7000 lost in gambling. The murder, witnessed by many, took place in front of a bar at Avari Square under the jurisdiction of Imambada police station on Monday evening. The deceased, Akash Pillewan's wife is four-months pregnant. The couple also has a two-year-old son Alpesh.Within a few hours of the crime, Imambada police rounded up four accused Nilesh Ambore (21), Vishal Meshram (19), Rahul Grovarkar (21) and Kunal Samudre (20). According to police, Pillewan too had many offences against him including of murder, attempt to murder, rioting and assaulting. Though Pillewan's family members claimed old rivalry behind the murder, police said it was over losing money in gambling.Around 8pm, more than 15 persons including Pillewan had gathered for gambling at Reshimbagh ground. Besides his own money, Pillewan also lost the money he had taken from one of his friends. This led to a heated argument that ended with his killing.Pravin Wandile, senior police inspector of Imambada, said Pillewan lost Rs2,000 of his own. \"For the second round, he borrowed Rs7,000 from Meshram. He again lost the game,\" Wandile said. After this heavy loss, Pillewan and his friends went to have drinks at a nearby bar.\"While having drinks, the youths started an argument over the lost amount. The argument turned bitter and ended with Pillewan's murder,\" said Wandile. Police said the accused also had many offences against them and always carried sharp weapons with them. They used the same on Pillewan who suffered more than ten stab injuries all over his body.An eyewitness who informed the police, said that the attackers fled before cops reached the spot. Pillewan was rushed by police to nearby Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) where he died an hour later. Pillewan's brother Atul claimed it was a planned murder and not just over losing money in gambling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134140", "title": "Pregnant woman thrashed by husband, in-laws", "text": "NAGPUR: A 22-year-old pregnant woman been admitted at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) with bruises on her body following an alleged thrashing by her husband and his family on Monday. Pranali Bagde, who is between 22-24 weeks pregnant, was humiliated by her husband and her family over dowry demands and other issues.Pranali's mother Chandrakala Mhaiskar said she had to rescue her daughter and the baby from a certain death. Mother Chandrakala recalled how her daughter's husband Ashish and his family members were mercilessly beating Pranali when she reached the place along with Pranali's father Rajendra to save the woman.\"My daughter was continuously being harassed after the marriage. They wanted money and gold jewellery from us despite knowing our economically weak status,\" said Pranali's mother Chandrakala. She also claimed Ashish had also manhandled his father-in-law Rajendra when he tried to intervene.A former employee of city bus operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Ltd , Ashish had purchased a four-wheeler that he hired out to earn his livelihood. They had initially shifted to Soaner after the marriage but returned to city. It is learnt the couple did not share cordial relations because of Ashish's tendency to repeatedly ask for money from Pranali's parents. Driven by economic hardship, Pranali had been working at a utensil shop. A visibly weak Pranali too said her husband had been torturing her with his demands shortly after marriage.Pranali's relatives claimed Ashish had kept his expecting wife hungry for four days while he had his meals at a relative's place. In the past, Ashish had sent Pranali back to her parents' place where she stayed for a month before returning after relatives intervened. The matter escalated, said a relative, in the last couple of days.On Sunday, Ashish called up Pranali's family urging them to take her back. On Monday, Pranali and her parents approached Sakkardara police station after Ashish assaulted her pregnant wife. After police sent the family back after some counseling, Ashish is learnt to have left for his sister's place where he was followed by Pranali. The woman was beaten up as soon as she reached there forcing the relatives to take her to hospital.Sources from Ward no 22 at GMCH said there were assault marks on Pranali's body but the thrashing may not have affected the baby. \"The patient's pregnancy may not have got affected by the beating but the almost nil amniotic fluid in her may lead to abortion,\" said the source who checked Pranali's health.Sakkardara police have taken preventive action against Ashish and his family members. \"We cannot immediately register offence of dowry harassment. As per court's order we have to first send the couple for counselling,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134506", "title": "Kapoor says he made a fortune from idols", "text": "CHENNAI: Idol smuggler Subhash Chandra has been singing while in police custody. The antique dealer and international artefact thief reportedly told investigators that he made a fortune from his illegal trade in ancient statues plundered from across the world, including temples in Tamil Nadu.Kapoor was remanded in Puzhal prison after he was interrogated in police custody for seven days. Police produced him before Jayankondam magistrate Rajkumar on Tuesday and a team of doctors checked Kapoor's condition.Kapoor was appeared to be relaxed when he was brought to the court at 5.30pm on Tuesday. When magistrate Rajkumar asked Kapoor whether he was harassed by investigators, Kapoor replied, \"I was treated well by the police.\"The magistrate remanded Kapoor to judicial custody and a police team took Kapoor from Jayankondam to Chennai by road. Deputy inspector-general of police A G Pon Manickavel said Kapoor had cooperated with investigators during questioning. \"From what Kapoor told us, he earned more than Rs 60 crore by selling ancient idols stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu.\"Another senior police officer, who was also a part of the investigation, said Kapoor had been questioned about how he fenced the stolen idols. \"Kapoor has sold most of the statues,\" he said. \"Police teams will attempt to retrieve the idols which are now in private collections.\" Manickavel was in charge of Kapoor's interrogation. The senior officer has instructed his subordinates not to divulge information that Kapoor gave them.Kapoor, born in 1949, was involved in many cases of idol smuggling in the country especially from temples in Tamil Nadu, where he and notorious idol thief Sanjeevi Asokan, hired professionals to steal ancient artefacts. The gang plundered idols dating back to the 11th century from Arulmigu Sundareswarar and Varadaraja Perumal temples in Ariyalur district.Investigators say Kapoor smuggled Buddhist artefacts out of Afghanistan and various antiques from Pakistan. Kapoor, a US citizen who was born in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, set up an antique gallery in New York and also operated a website, www.artofpast.com, and a company, Nimbus Import and Export Inc, to sell antiques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15127574", "title": "Jharkhand women's commission to support women bodies", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand State Women's Commission chairperson Hemlata S Mohan has said the commission will support mahila samities working towards women empowerment work in Jharkhand.\"There are many things that mahila samities and the women's commission can do by joining hands with each other, particularly for uplift of women in society. The mahila samiti can play an important role in creating awareness of women-friendly laws among women. This will help them in safeguarding women from domestic violence and other atrocities,\" said Mohan while addressing, as chief guest, a function organized by members of Bokaro Mahila Samiti to mark their 48th foundation day at Kala Kendra here on Tuesday.The Bokaro Mahila Samiti is run by wives of Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) officials. There are 140 members in the samiti headed by its president, Manjula Maitra -- the wife of BSL CEO Anutosh Maitra. The Mahila Samiti runs Mahila Udhyog Kendra, Surabhi, Bal Mandir and a Library.Maitra used the occasion to present awards to two women workers for their exemplary performance. The awardees -- Ulaash and Suraj Mani -- belong to poor families and earn their livelihood by working with the samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132950", "title": "2 English schools to admit tribal students finalized", "text": "NASHIK: Two private English-medium schools in Nashik district from the 19 shortlisted throughout the state have been selected by the state government for admitting tribal students.The Brahma Valley Public School at Trimbakeshwar and the S N D English-medium school at Babhulgaon in Yeola tehsil, have been selected under the state government's scheme which envisages admission to tribal students in order to provide quality education right from Class I to bring them into the mainstream.The tribal development department had published advertisements inviting English medium schools with residential facilities for tribal children from Class I onwards. The state would pay the students' fees for the academic year. Forty-five schools from across the state presented their proposals of which 19 were shortlisted.\"The names of the schools are being finalized and the same would be officially declared in a few days,\" an official the from tribal development commissionerate, Nashik said.Under the continuous education programme, the tribal development commissioner admits a maximum of 50 students in one school with the yearly payment of Rs 50,000 per student for tuition as well as lodging and boarding fees. The schools which apply for the same are inspected thoroughly by the respective officials.This is the third year of the programme and the schools where the students are admitted are generally not repeated. This further helps the mixing of the tribal students with the non-tribal students and helps in the latter's development as well.The scheme aims at providing an opportunity to tribal students hailing from remote hilly areas, who otherwise are educated in ashram schools that are located away from the urban buzz, of mingling with students from cities. It is expected that tribal students educated through the government scheme would easily be able to overcome their fright or inferiority complex, if any, and prepare themselves better to face the world like their counterparts in cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133852", "title": "Open tanks fester in Victoria Hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Four persons in the city have already died to suspected dengue during the past week. But government-run Victoria Hospital seems to be unaware it's virtually spreading the disease. There are 12 open water tanks on its premises which have become the breeding ground for Aedes aegypti (mosquitoes which spread dengue) and Anopheles mosquitoes which spread malaria. The tanks were constructed to store and recharge used water.This water, mostly from toilets of hospital buildings, is recycled and used for watering gardens on the premises. But it has turned into an open sewage. When TOI visited the hospital on Tuesday, our correspondents found one tank built to the left of the entrance near the police station under construction and full of dirty water.The tank is full of garbage, cobwebs and even a dead crow. The water stored in the tanks can be deadly because dengue-spreading mosquitoes bite during the day when thousands of people visit the hospital. The Resident Medical Officer Dr J Kanthraj told TOI: \"They were built by the public works department for storing treated water which would be used to water plants in the garden. I haven't seen these tanks. But I don't think they're unclean. In fact, the tertiary water treatment plant is yet to be inaugurated as work is pending.For some reason, the work was stopped.\" The staff of the police station have to bear the stench of the tank,which has been open for the past three months.\"The hospital says it's treated water. But that's not true. Treated water can't be that dirty and stinking. It's nothing but sewage water and hospital waste dumped in front of the police station,\" said a policeman posted there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15130413", "title": "Activists plan nude protest in Assam", "text": "JORHAT: Representatives of over 22 organisations have threatened to stage a nude protest in upper Assam's Sivasagar town on Wednesday to protest against the government's failure to punish the Army personnel involved in the molestation of a girl at Dolpa area in the district on July 13.Hundreds of activists from different organizations, including All Tai Ahom Students Union (Atasu), Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) and Brihattar Asomiya Yuba Mancha (BAYM), will stage their protest in front of deputy commissioner's office demanding immediate punishment of the accused jawan.Atasu adviser Aswini Chetia said, \"We will stage a nude protest in front of the Sivasagar DC's office against the government's failure to punish the Army personnel involved in the molestation of an Assamese girl in Dolpa.\"He adds: \"On July 20, we had staged a dharna demanding immediate exemplary punishment to the guilty jawan. We also demanded compensation of Rs 10 lakh or a government job and dismissal of the officer in-charge of Nitaipukhuri police station within three days. But the administration has failed to take any steps.\"BAYM general secretary Yadav Gogoi said, \"People of Sivasagar feel the government and other agencies have not treated the two molestation incidents that occurred in Guwahati and Sivasagar equally. Although they were sincere in hunting down and punishing the offenders of the Guwahati molestation incident, they have turned a blind eye to the Sivasagar incident.\"The incident occurred when a 13-member team of the Naujan-based 287 Army field regiment was patrolling in the flood-affected Dolpa village. An Army court of inquiry took the accused, identified as Anil Kumar Upadhaya, in remand from the chief judicial magistrate, Sivasagar after police produced him before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135248", "title": "Vadodara-Surat line rail traffic restored", "text": "SURAT: Rail traffic on Vadodara-Mumbai line was restored to normalcy on Tuesday morning after it had been affected by derailment of a goods train near Karjan on Monday afternoon. Besides getting derailed, the goods train had damaged an electric pole located along the track. There were no casualties in the accident.The goods train was destined for Hazira near Surat and was coming from Vadodara. Its three bogies had derailed and damaged the electric pole which caused disruption of power supply on the stretch. This led to the movement of trains being affected. Railway officials are yet to find the reason that led to the derailment. Sources say that the incident took place when the train was on its way to the main line from a loop line.By evening, movement of trains towards Vadodara, Ahmedabad and Delhi had started with majority of the trains running late. However, the movement towards Surat could be ensured only by night after the power supply was restored and the tracks were put right.The incident had led to the cancellation of Vadodara-Valsad Intercity, while Bangalore- Ajmer Express was halted at Vadodara. The long distance trains going towards Mumbai were running late by six to seven hours till normal traffic was restored on Tuesday morning.The disruption of rail movement led to inconvenience for daily commuters in south Gujarat who had to rely on other modes of transport to reach their destinations after having waited for hours at railway stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134380", "title": "No IAS officer ready to come to Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: It's now 43 days since Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has had a regular municipal commissioner, the head of civic body's bureaucracy. Besides, 11 months have gone without a regular additional municipal commissioner, who is No 2. These two posts are of IAS cadre. This has led to speculation among office bearers and staffers whether any IAS officer is ready to work at NMC at all. Even mayor Anil Sole said he had come to know of such reports.Meanwhile, guardian Minister Shivajirao Moghe met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday and discussed the delay in appointing the new civic chief at NMC. Moghe told TOI that Chavan had assured to appoint the new civic chief by Friday. \"Monsoon session of the state legislature was going on which caused the delay. The list of IAS officers' transfer seems ready. The session will conclude on Wednesday. The name of new civic chief may be declared by Friday,\" he said.According to NMC data, this is the longest that the civic body has gone without the regular municipal commissioner a dubious record. On June 11, Sanjeev Jaiswal who was 70{+t}{+h} civic chief handed over charge to collector Saurabh Rao, who also has the additional charge of additional municipal commissioner, since September 1, 2011. The post was vacant since superannuation of Vishnupad Bute on August 31.NMC was upgraded as municipal corporation on March 2, 1951. GG Desai, was the first civic chief with designation of chief officer. He assumed charge as administrator on March 1, 1951. Desai again assumed the charge as chief executive officer on July 4, 1952. BJ Madan, the sixth civic chief, became the first municipal commissioner in November 1957. There was never such a long gap as now in naming regular officer to the post.Though Rao seems to be making extra efforts, no officer can handle three crucial posts and do justice to all of them. Sources in Mantralaya told TOI that that three IAS officers were tipped for posting as civic chief at the NMC. \"None of them agreed for the simple reason that BJP is in ruling at the NMC and becomes difficult to work when the Congress is at the State and Centre. The civic bodies where opposition parties are in power are always given a step-motherly treatment by party ruling at the state,\" sources said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had written to Chavan recommending DG Philip for NMC post. Sole said BJP national president Nitin Gadkari along with four BJP MLAs from the city also met and requested Chavan to appoint Philip. \"The pace of work, including revenue and development works, has come down at the NMC for want of regular IAS officer. The government is neglecting the second capital,\" he said. Sole further said that he wanted to take an appointment with Chavan during his last visit to the city last week. \"I had sent a letter to Rao and asked for time. But no appointment was given,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134061", "title": "Hooda's austerity U-turn: 18 luxury cars for ministers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: No money to buy power, but Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda won't think twice before throwing the austerity measures to the wind and order a fleet of 18 new luxury cars for his ministers and chief parliamentary secretaries.Surprisingly, the government move to buy new vehicles at a cost of Rs 3.18 crore came within two months of its announcing a ban on purchase of new cars, airconditioners and other luxury items for offices. Apart from ignoring his own Cabinet's decision, Hooda seems to have decided to neglect Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's advice to initiate austerity measures in all government offices.Haryana's cash-starved power distribution companies have been refusing to buy electricity as it already has a debt of over Rs 4,000 crore. The state's public borrowing has touched Rs 4,224 crore this year.Hooda's team has nine ministers, three ministers of state (MoS) and 11 chief parliamentary secretaries. Each minister has already been provided with two official cars which include Sonatas, Fortuners or Honda CRVs. Chief parliamentary secretaries are allotted a Sonata each.On July 19, Haryana's supplies and disposal department placed an order with Hyundai Motors India Limited (HMIL) and Toyota India Limited for supply of three Santa Fe (Rs 22 lakh each), two Camry (Rs 19.05 lakh each) and 13 Sonata (Rs 16.45 lakh each).Hyundai officials confirmed that they have received the orders and are expected to deliver the vehicles by August 15. The supplies and disposal department placed the orders after the high-powered purchase committee cleared the deal earlier this month.Two years ago, Haryana had purchased 12 Honda CRVs. At present, Haryana's ministers' car pool has 60 luxury vehicles. With the new purchase, the number will go up to 78.Officials in the ministers' car and transport section maintained that the new vehicles are being purchased as replacement for old ones. However, sources close to the chief minister's office termed it as a move to please the ministers - especially those who had defected to Congress from Haryana Janhit Congress.Confirming the orders for new cars, Haryana finance minister H S Chatha said, \"This was approved by the purchase committee. One thing is for sure that I have not asked for any new car.\"Recently, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had announced a similar bonanza for MLAs and MLCs, who were told that they could use funds meant for local area development to buy cars worth up to Rs 20 lakh. However, stung by criticism, he had to cancel the offer later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137719", "title": "Life In Park Street's premiere", "text": "Last Friday, the premiere of the movie \" Life In Park Street\" saw the cast and crew gather to give tribute to that stretch of the city where romance gets a new meaning.TOI spotted director Raj Mukherjee chatting with the lead actors Drronn and Sruti, and music director Shubhayu. Actor Shankar Chakraborty came with his wife Sonali. Baishakhi Marjit, who plays an Anglo-Indian woman in the film, sported a completely Bengali look at the party. Though the crowd was eagerly expecting them, actors Soumitra Chatterjee and Debosree Roy gave this premiere a miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15133751", "title": "Plight of migrant workers vexes health department officials", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The inspection of migrant labour camps in the city by the health department to check the spread of contagious diseases has exposed the appalling conditions in which the labourers are accommodated. Migrant workers, mostly from northern states, were found staying in squalid sheds.The health officials said that a camp at Poolakkadvu is one of the worst maintained. As many as 30 labourers were forced to stay in a small room without any toilet facilities.The health department has started the drive in the 75 panchayats, two municipalities and one corporation in the district to curb the spread of malaria and filariasis among the migrant labourers. It has so far screened 1,480 migrant labourers and detected 23 malaria cases. During the screening process, the health inspectors are also identifying the migrant workers and registering their data including information such as name, address, native place and state, purpose of stay and number of days of stay. \"We have found that the migrant workers are the major carriers of the filariasis. Last year we came across 23 cases,\" said J Vimal Raj, district malaria officer.Officials have already warned the labour agents to ensure basic facilities and safe drinking water for the labourers. \"Those identified with diseases will be given free medicines. A consolidated report will be submitted to the public health department soon after the completion of the survey,'' he said.Meanwhile, the district labour officer N G Madhavan said the department has started collecting details and registration of the labourers working in the construction sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135087", "title": "MP board staff expresses inability to correct mark-sheets in a day", "text": "BHOPAL: The officials of the MP board of secondary education (MPBSE) have expressed their inability to make correction in the mark-sheets of students in a day's time. More than 300 application regarding corrections are pending with the board.Looking into complaints, the board has constituted a cell comprising of the public relations officer, registrar and three class I officers as nodal officials to look after the students complaints.Earlier, the secretary of the board, Santosh Mishra, had directed that correction of mark-sheets should be made within a day of receipt of application.An official associated with task told TOI on condition of anonymity, \"It is not possible to correct errors in name, date of birth, changes in parents' name within a day. Class V and VIII mark sheets are required from the school as proof. Minimum of 3-4 days are required to make the necessary corrections.\"\"Duplicate mark-sheet or certificate can be procured within a day,\" he added.The official also cited apprehensions about frauds in cases where the applicant turns up after more than five years. \"We have cases where the applicant has applied for a correction after 15 years.\"The matter then becomes suspicious as the motives are to be questioned. As per the rules, mark-sheets can only be corrected up to three years. After that the records are also not properly maintained,\" he added.The official also said that generally in village schools, the clerks fill up the forms and are not careful in doing so. Besides, a correction card is sent along with the admit cards of student. While around 10 lakh such correction cards were given out this year, hardly a lakh correction cards were received with the board.\"Once the database is created, the same is printed on the mark sheet,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15128188", "title": "PM steps in, asks Gogoi to check Assam violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: With fresh violence erupting in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts of Assam despite curfew and shoot-at-sight orders, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday stepped in to take stock of the situation and asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi to take all possible measures to control the violence even as the Centre directed Army to increase its footprint in the troubled area.Singh, who represents Assam in Rajya Sabha, also spoke to home minister P Chidambaram and is learnt to have expressed the need to involve leaders of both Bodo tribals and minority immigrants in defusing the tension.Chidambaram and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi too spoke to Gogoi and asked him to take adequate measures to control the violence which has spread to 400 villages in Bodoland Territorial Administered Districts (BTAD).Sources said the Army deployed its men in Kokrajhar and took out a flag march in the area and an order was issued to send additional personnel to Chirang and Dhubri. The Army will deploy units located in other parts of the northeast, sources added.Besides, the home ministry rushed 1,500 more paramilitary personnel and a senior official to the state. It is in addition to 1,400 men who were deployed on Monday. Officials in the ministry are in touch with Muslim leaders including Dhubri MP and All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leader Maulana Badruddin Ajmal and Bodo leaders, asking them to take the lead in defusing the tension.\"We have sent 29 companies (2,900 men) of paramilitary forces. Apart from that, Army units are also deployed there. I have spoken to the leaders of the Bodos and Muslims also. I have told the state that anything more they require will be given,\" home secretary R K Singh, who has been in constant touch with the Assam chief secretary and DGP, said.The home secretary, meanwhile, cancelled his trip to Manipur where he was scheduled to go over the weekend to review the law and order situation.Twenty-five people have been killed in ethnic violence in the state. Besides, thousands have been rendered homeless with most of them taking shelter in government-run relief camps. The violence followed an incident of firing on two student leaders in Kokrajhar.Since miscreants have also started targeting trains, the home ministry asked the Railway Board chairman to activate local security in coordination with central forces and the state government. In one incident, rioters attacked the Guwahati-bound Rajdhani Express at Gossaigaon in Kokrajhar district damaging four coaches.The matter was later taken up by railway minister Mukul Roy who spoke to both Chidambaram and Gogoi. Seeking additional security, Roy is learnt to have apprised them of the difficulties being faced by the railways in ensuring safe and smooth movement of trains to and from Assam.Roy requested additional security, specially in the 54-km badly affected stretch between Srirampur and Salakati railway stations so that trains held up in the region for more than 24 hours could be moved to their destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "veena malik completed her talkie portions and she is coming down to india in august for a song recording of her kannada movie, 'the dirty picture", "code": "15138570", "title": "Veena Malik to sing for Dirty Picture", "text": "Veena Malik completed her talkie portions and she is coming down to India in August for a song recording of her Kannada movie, 'The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga'.Yes ! Veena is now making her singing debut with the same movie. The song is an item number and Veena will not be seen dancing on this number. Bollywood bombshells Zarine Khan, Amisha Patel or Zia Khan would be featured in the song. The idea of roping in Poonam Pandey for this particular song has been dropped.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15129977", "title": "Strike cripples operations at Visakhapatnam Steel Plant", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP) trade unions' strike against the disinvestment moves of the government passed off peacefully here on Tuesday. The entire workforce, including permanent and the contract employees, joined the strike, which affected the production to the tune of 11,000 tonnes resulting in an estimated loss of Rs 10 crore.Sixteen trade unions, including the Progressive Front, INTUC and contract workers' union, participated in the strike. They demanded that the government give up disinvestment proposal and warned that they would intensify the agitation if their demand was not met.The unions have been up in arms against the government's move to disinvest 10% of its Rs 2,500 crore direct investment in the plant. As per the schedule, the VSP's initial public offer (IPO) has to be launched in the first week of July. But it was postponed twice with subdued market conditions and non-submission of red herring prospectus (RHP) in time. Sources say that the launch of IPO is likely to take a month or two.About 13,000 permanent employees and around 25,000 contract workers participated in the strike. Activists of unionslaunched their strike at 6 amearly morning. Workers of plant had participated in the strike on their own and extended support to the unions against the disinvestment, union leaders said. Progressive Front president K Adinarayana said that they would seek the support of all the trade unions across the state and launch a stir at the state level soon. \"Today it may be just 10% disinvestment. Later the government may go for higher stake dilution and slowly may sell majority share. Employees' interests will be affected if the disinvestment is allowed to continue,\" Adinarayana said.While INTUC leader Mantri Rajasekhar alleged that there was no need to go for disinvestment when the plant had sufficient funds for another expansion. The plant management, in an official release, announced that the production got affected as one blast furnace including its downstream units was down. The plant was in operation at minimum number of employees including full strength of executives and around 20 per cent non-executives.In view of the safety of the units, they are being run at minimum level. According to sources, the full capacity of production would be reached in three days as the heat in the furnaces should meet the required levels. That means the production would be affected for another three days.When contacted, a senior official of the VSP said the management took care to see that all critical functions went on smoothly. \"There was some impact on the production. We have made some stop gap arrangements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134750", "title": "UK man is dad, grandad and great-grandad within 3 months", "text": "LONDON: A man from Doncaster, South Yorkshire has become a dad, a grandad and a great-grandad within a span of just three months, after his wife, daughter and granddaughter all gave birth to boys.Patrick Sloan, 60, who is due to retire in five years, thought his nappy-changing days were over. \"It was a huge surprise to discover I was going to be a dad again at my age,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying. \"But to find out that I was gaining another grandchild and my first great-grandchild at a similar time was unbelievable.\"I was worried people would be disapproving that I was going to be a father at an age where most people are retiring but everyone has been really pleased for us,\" he said.Sloan's youngest son, Ethan, was born in March this year, followed shortly afterwards in June by his great-grandson, Mason, and then his grandson, Leonard , 12 days later.Patrick, who has three grown-up children, and six grandchildren, said, \"I have to admit that I had forgotten all about the sleepless nights and how everything has to revolve around the baby. It was a bit of a shock to the system at first but I wouldn't swap being a new dad again for the world.\"Ethan is a little treasure and makes me smile every single day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127539", "title": "Experts discuss problems in providing pre-school education", "text": "RANCHI: Neuroscience researchers have found that 80% of the human brain develops by the age of four years and 90% develops by the age of six.This was revealed at a two-day national-level workshop which began here on Tuesday to discuss 'Quality pre-school learning programme in rural areas'. Representatives of 17 states are participating in the workshop to discuss various problems in providing pre-school education to the children and solutions for those problems.Addressing the workshop, education specialist Venita Kaul said, \"According to a survey children who have been to pre-schools retain 15-20% better than those who did not have access to pre-schools.\" She said while 80% of the human brain develops by the age of four 90% develops by the age of six. Unfortunately, in Jharkhand many children are deprived of pre-schooling.State head of Unicef Job Zacariah said, \"Out of 22 lakh children between the 3-6 age group, 13 lakh go to anganwadi centres and three lakh go to pre-schools. The remaining children are not enrolled anywhere.\"Zacariah said, \"The percentage of dropout from primary schools is around 20% out of which most are children from rural areas who have not been to pre-schools. That is why it is necessary to discuss the implementation of pre-schooling in rural areas.\"The main challenge in the field of implementation of pre-schooling in rural areas is the language barrier. Urmila Sarkar, education chief of Unicef, said: \"In Jharkhand, language is a major issue. So programmes in tribal areas should be different. In pre-school, a transition from mother tongue to other languages should be taught but the basic mode of communication should be the mother tongue.\"Explaining the other hurdles faced in proper application of pre-schooling, Zacariah said, \"There is no proper curriculum for pre-schools. Also, lack of qualified teachers becomes a problem as they are not able to help the children in their overall development. The third problem is the unavailability of proper study and play materials.\"Jharkhand Education Project Council with Unicef had launched a pre-school kit named 'Ankur' which is at present being used at 1,200 anganwari centres of the state. It will be increased to 3,600 centres.Zacariah said, \"The kit is based on theories of learning. It has a curriculum and picture dictionary in nine tribal languages so that the students understand what they are being taught. Also the teachers of local schools keep visiting the anganwari centres where the programme is held so the children are familiar with them and wouldn't hesitate when they join the mainstream schools.\"HRD minister Baidyanath Ram, who was present, said, \"The ideas and suggestions which come out from the discussions will be implemented by the government to improve the state education system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132443", "title": "67.1 mm rainfall in Lucknow, maximum temperature drops to 26.7", "text": "LUCKNOW: Overnight rainfall brought down the rain deficit in the city to 13% below normal from 16% below normal on July 16. The situation is expected to improve further with the weatherman forecasting more rain in the next 24 hours. The rainfall activity will decrease from July 26, but is expected to revive on July 29. It started raining in the wee hours and intermittent drizzles continued all day, leaving one-third of the state capital waterlogged. The total rainfall till Tuesday evening was 67.1 mm. As a result, maximum temperature dropped to 26.7 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal. The minimum temperature was 22.9 degrees Celsius.Though the rainfall brought relief from the sultry weather conditions prevailing for last three days, people faced lot of problems due to waterlogged and pot-holed streets. Adding to their woes were prolonged power cuts due to rains. The power outages also led to drinking water crisis in many areas.The city recorded 242.1 mm rains from June 1 till date. The normal rainfall set for this period is 277.2 mm. Most of the rain this year has taken place in the month of July due to late arrival of monsoon and June was almost dry. The weatherman predicted cloudy sky with few spells of thundershowers and rains on Wednesday.State Met director JP Gupta said that the axis of monsoon trough line at present is passing from over Meerut and Rae Bareli. Further, he said, there is an upper air cyclonic circulation over east UP. While eastern parts of the state received more rains on Tuesday, rainfall would be more in the west UP on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132165", "title": "Bring home silver from sunken ship, CPI tells PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 71 years, about 43 tonnes of silver bullion hauled up from the wreckage of British merchant vessel, S S Gairsoppa, on the bed of North Atlantic has created a flutter in India, thanks to its Kolkata connection. The ship set sail from Kolkata, then Calcutta, in December, 1940, with a cargo of tea, iron and silver. CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy has urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to demand the return of the retrieved silver to India, its \"rightful owner\".In a letter to the PM on July 23, Reddy asked, \"The silver that was recovered from the SS Gairsoppa was carrying the riches to England from India in 1941 when a Nazi torpedo struck. Hence how can Britain be the rightful owner?\"India \"must assert and leave no stone unturned, including moving the International Court of Justice,\" to get back 1,203 silver bars (about 1.4 million ounce of silver) worth $38 million (Rs 209.76 crore), he said.The British Indian Steam Navigation Co operated the Gairsoppa \u2014 the vessel was named after a stunning waterfall in Karnataka. The Gairsoppa was torpedoed by a Nazi U-boat about 300 miles off the coast of Ireland in 1941 when it was steaming home from Calcutta while in the service of the British ministry of war transport.US salvage firm, Odyssey Marine Exploration, hauled up the silver from about three miles under water, lower than the Titanic's resting place. The firm claimed on July 18 that the salvage operation yielded \"the heaviest and deepest recovery of precious metals from a shipwreck\" ever made.\"The amount of silver bars recovered so far represents approximately 43% of the insured silver bars, or approximately 20% of the total silver cargo which research has indicated may be on board,\" the Odyssey said in a statement. It will return to the wreckage for a fresh haul.The CPI urged the PM to \"intervene immediately by writing a strong letter demanding return of the hauled silver and also to raise the issue in appropriate international forums\".\"Odyssey which claims to have invested its own money in finding the ship has no moral and legal authority to split the profits \u2014 80% of the silver's value for itself and 20% for the British government,\" Reddy wrote.In February, Odyssey had to return to Spain gold and silver coins worth about $500 million recovered from the wreckage of the Spanish vessel, Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes, in 2007 off the coast of Portugal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135376", "title": "Scientists worried over mining block in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Society of Geoscientists and Allied Technologists (SGAT) has expressed grave concern over the continuing stagnation in the mining sector in Odisha leading to a drastic fall in availability of mineral resources in the state.According to SGAT, nearly 490 out of the 600 leased mines are not in operation in the state. This includes 76 iron ore and manganese mines, which has resulted in a heavy fall in ore production. Odisha produced around 79.68 million tonne iron ore in 2009-10, which shot up to 81.14 million tonne in the following year. But in 2011-12, iron ore production in the state has come down to 60.62 million tonne. Though drop in export demand is often cited as one of the major reasons for the plunge in production, the prevailing scenario has severely hit the domestic industries, many of whom are closed, giving a blow to the livelihood source of thousands of dependant people and their families. The gloomy condition of the mines-industry has also had its impact on investors, it pointed out.\"The entire system is in a mess. There is no coordination among different departments, particularly those handling mining, revenue and forest issues. So bad is the situation that a mineral concession application has to move minimum 186 tables for obtaining grant and execution,\" B K Mohanty, advisor of SGAT, said.\"Applications are lying piled up with the government, but no work has been done. More than 4,813 mineral concession (MC) applications are pending with district collectorates, while 484 with the directorate of mining and 756 with the steel and mines department,\" he pointed out.Mohanty said unlike other neighboring states, Odisha is yet to have a mineral policy even after a directive issued by the high court. \"Meetings after meetings are held. The draft policy is never finalized. There is one gemstone policy which is never implemented fruitfully and it has failed miserably in checking smuggling of rich stones like diamond, cat's eye, garnet and aquamarine,\" he said.The SGAT also slammed the state government for frequently writing to the Centre to increase royalty on ores. It said because of introduction of ad valorem modes of assessment by the Centre from August 13, 2009, income from royalty for the state government has dramatically increased from just Rs 27 to Rs 700 on per tonnne of high grade ore with more than 65% iron content. The next revision in royalty rates is due on August 13, 2012. In the proposed Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation Bill 2011, which is now under the scrutiny of a Parliamentary Standing Committee, there is provision for payment of 100% of royalty on annual basis by the mine's owner, thereby increasing the rate of royalty to 20% ad valorem.The SGAT also criticized the Union tribal welfare minister V Kishore Chandra Deo for suggesting discontinuance in bauxite mining in the Eastern Ghats on the ground that mining had not proved beneficial for the tribals and led to rivers drying up, pollution of environment and spurt in Maoist activities. \"The minister's observation is not based on facts. Bauxite reserve in Odisha prior to 1971 was estimated at 14.9 million tonne. The massive exploration programme undertaken during 1976 to 1980 jointly by Odisha, Andhra Pradesh and GSI at the instance of the Centre revealed the reserve to be as high as 1797 million tonne, which subsequently led to the birth of Nalco,\" Mohanty said, adding, \"the state has about 200 bauxite bearing small deposits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134352", "title": "Corporation confirms cholera, clean-up ordered", "text": "CHENNAI: After a nervous five days in the city and nearly 100 people being admitted to hospitals with diarrhoea, local administration minister K P Munusamy inspected slums in the Chetpet area on Tuesday and admitted that hygiene was a major problem in several areas.After being in denial for several days, the Chennai corporation confirmed three cases of cholera, one each in Pullapuram, Tiruvottiyur and Taramani.Munusamy ordered civic agencies to ensure that garbage was cleared swiftly and safe drinking water was supplied in areas where diarrhoea had been reported.However, people continued to be admitted to hospitals with symptoms of diarrhoea or cholera, such as vomiting, loose stools, fatigue, body ache and dehydration. At least 37 people have died due to cholera and diarrhoea in Chennai this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133922", "title": "CM Jagadish Shettar waives farm loans worth Rs 3,500 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: Heeding former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's demand, chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Tuesday announced a Rs 3,500-crore farm loan waiver that will provide relief to over 16 lakh drought-hit farmers in the state.Replying to an extended debate on drought in the legislative assembly, Shettar said farmers who took loans up to Rs 25,000 from cooperative institutions between August 2011 and June 2012 are eligible for this waiver. Only those farmers who have defaulted on loan repayments will benefit under this package. \"For the sake of farmers, we're ready to take on this huge financial burden,'' Shettar said.The state government has been under tremendous pressure not only from opposition parties to announce a separate farm loan waiver but also Yeddyurappa who spoke on drought on Monday as if he was an opposition leader. Shettar also announced Rs 125 crore for former CM's pet scheme, Suvarna Bhoomi, and ordered the release of funds for social security schemes including the old age and disabled pension release as sought by Yeddyurappa. \"I have asked officials to ensure there shouldn't be anymore complaints on the delay in release of old age and disabled pension,'' he added.The CM said deputy commissioners will be directed to expedite the transfer of title deeds to flood victims of 2009. But opposition parties were not impressed by such magnanimity. They trooped into the well of the House to protest against the alleged government's anti-farmers stand and later staged a walkout shouting slogans. \"It's just eye-wash and a publicity gimmick. About 90% of the farmers have already repaid the loans and the interest. What about farmers who have obtained loans from nationalized banks? What about those who have taken loans more than Rs 25,000? What about those who have not availed of loans but are drought affected? If the BJP government was serious about providing relief to drought victims, it should have waived off the entire crop loan unconditionally. The farmers have incurred a total loss of Rs 10,000 crore due to drought,'' said opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah.JD(S) leader M C Nanaiah said: \"It will only benefit a small section of farmers.What happens to the farmers who have availed more than Rs 25,000? The government should have been more pragmatic. And I contest the government's claim of Rs 3,500 crore burden.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15138709", "title": "Zardari case: Pak SC extends by 2 weeks deadline for PM Ashraf", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan premier Raja Pervez Ashraf on Wednesday got a temporary reprieve as the Supreme Court extended till August 8 the deadline for him to approach Swiss authorities to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari , a case that had cost his predecessor his job.The court had earlier directed the premier to comply with its directive to reopen the corruption cases against the President by Wednesday. During Wednesday's hearing, attorney general Irfan Qadir requested that the case be put off till after Eid-ul-Fitr but a five-judge bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khan Khosa rejected his plea and adjourned the matter for two weeks.Qadir also objected to Khosa's presence in the bench, claiming that he was prejudiced. He asked Khosa to recuse himself from the case but the bench rejected this request too.Khosa said he would immediately quit the bench if he had any prejudice.The judges will not do anything that can harm the country or derail the democratic system, he said.The judges stand for democracy and want it to be strengthened, he said.\"How can you level charges of prejudice against me?\" Khosa asked. Khosa further said the judges respected the President as much as anyone else.But the attorney general said he was concerned at the apex court's order of July 12 to the prime minister to revive the graft cases and to file a compliance report to the court.The attorney general further said the government intends to file petition seeking a review of the court's order of July 12. Khosa said the government could file an appeal by August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15134714", "title": "'Highway 39' book launched at Literati", "text": "CALANGUTE: The northeast has always been a distant land for the rest of India, its people strangers in their own country. Not much is known about the seven states. In the last few decades, the only time you heard about the northeast was when some guerilla group blew up somebody or the army killed some \"insurgents\".That even the well-informed know much about the ground realities in the northeast was vividly evident at the Goa release of Sudeep Chakravarti's 'Highway 39', a book about travels on the road known as Highway 39-now NH2-which starts in Assam and passes through Nagaland and Manipur. Human rights activists Nandita Haksar and Sebastian Hongray released the book on Saturday. The book is more of a chronicle of the insurgency which has been going on in the northeast where the indigenous people have been fighting against the Indian army, and a story of the horrors being experienced by everybody there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15129954", "title": "Man arrested for duping woman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department's Cyber Crime sleuths have arrested a crook who duped a 28-year-old divorcee to the tune of Rs 5.5 lakh by promising to marry her.On May 8, the officials received a complaint from the 28-year-old state government employee alleging that she was duped by one Mohammed Zubair Ahmed of Rs 5.5 lakh.She alleged that Ahmed first lured her into the trap by promising to marry her and then began taking money from her on various pretexts. \"He took Rs 5.5 lakh from the lady by telling her different sob stories. The complainant lied to her that he has brain tumor and took a lot of money for treatment,\" Additional SP Cyber Crime Cell, U Rammohan said.The divorcee came in contact with Ahmed through a marriage portal. To trap her, Ahmed sent her a fake photograph and fake personal details, claiming himself to be a software engineer. After gaining confidence he started taking money from her and led a lavish life by visiting pubs and hotels.As he was only taking money and not saying anything about marriage, the woman began suspecting him and approached the police.Based on the complaint, a case was booked under sections 420,468,471 of the IPC and sections 66-A, D of the IT Act 2000 against Ahmed. Police finally zeroed in on the culprit at Ayyappa Society X Road in Madhapur on Monday.During interrogation, Ahmed confessed that he was a native of Rajahmundry and studied up to class 8. Because of his lifestyle, he was thrown out of the house. Cops seized a mobile phone, an ATM card and a passport from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132283", "title": "Another SP MLA claims getting threats", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the Samajwadi Party MLA from Eta, another MLA of the party has claimed getting life threats. SP MLA from Chandausi, Laxmi Gautam, has accused a man of giving threats to her and her family members.Acting on Laxmi's complaint, Hussainganj police on Tuesday registered a case against the accused, Vipin Kumar Chaudhary. Circle officer Hazratganj Dinesh Kumar Yadav told TOI the matter was being investigated.In her complaint, Laxmi Gautam said she had come to the state capital to vote in the presidential election and was staying at her official residence in Royal Hotel. A man, identified as Vipin Kumar Chaudhary, a resident of Shaktinagar in Chandausi, came to her official residence and assaulted her domestic help and used abusive language for the MLA. Laxmi was not present at the time of the incident. But when she called up Vipin on his phone, he gave life threats to her and her family.On July 20, Samajwadi Party MLA from Patiyali in Eta, Nadeema Khan Zeenat had lodged a complaint stating that she had received over 35 odd phone calls and SMSs within a day from a caller who threatened her to get \"a work\" done or else he would kill her.\"The calls were received by my staff members and every time the caller asked the call to be connected to me, else I will have to face the consequences,\" Zeenat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133871", "title": "Broadway and Seppings roads opened to BMTC", "text": "BANGALORE: The devout from East Bangalore can now hope to reach their home early after Ramzan prayers in various masjids of Shivajinagar by public transport. For, traffic police and BMTC have opened up Broadway Road and Seppings Road for buses. The move will also help those returning home from the shopping hubs of Russell Market and Commercial Street.The BMTC too benefits as the move has reduced the distance between Shivjajinagar and various destinations like Frazer Town, Hennur, Banaswadi and KR Puram by 2km. BMTC commuters on these routes are all smiles as the fare has gone down \u2014 the Shivajinagar to Fraser Town commute will cost Rs 5, a savings of Rs 2. Earlier, BMTC buses would start from Shivajinagar, move towards Balekundri Circle, enter Cunningham Road and turn right into Millers Road before moving in front of Cantonment railway station to reach Bamboo Bazaar junction. From Tuesday, these buses go through Russel Market Road and take Broadway or Seppings Roads. \"The move will decongest the Balenkundri Circle and Cunningham Road,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic). He said bus traffic on Seppings Road will decongest Cockburn and Broadway roads. \"We anticipate more visitors to Russell Market and Shivajinagar mosques during Ramzan. The new routes will help them take the public transport. We're also looking at St Mary's Feast. This will also help BMTC,\" said AS Shivaprakash, assistant traffic manager, Shivajinagar bus station. Over 70 buses run in 650 trips every day between Shivajinagar and Frazer Town, Cox Town, Richards Town, Pottery Town, Bangalore East, Hennur, Lingarajapuram, Banaswadi and KR Puram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "haripal (hooghly)", "code": "15133316", "title": "Hooghly teen raped, murdered", "text": "HARIPAL (HOOGHLY): A teenaged was found raped and murdered in a jute field in Basari village under Haripal police station area on Tuesday afternoon. The father of the girl has alleged that the brother of a CPM panchayat member was behind the crime. Villagers staged an agitation and didn't allow the body of the 15-year-old to be taken away for autopsy, till the police brought sniffer dogs. A case of rape and murder has been registered.The parents of the deceased are farm labourers and leave home early. \"On Tuesday morning, they had left for Sodepur on work. The victim was alone at home. When her father returned home in the afternoon, he couldn't find the girl. When he asked his neighbours they said that the victim was last spotted near a village pond with utensils. Her father rushed to the pond to find the utensils lying, but there was no trace of the girl,\" said sources.By then, some other villagers had gathered and one of them asked the victim's father to check the toilet near a jute field, close to the pond. \"As soon as the villagers entered the field, they stumbled upon the girl's body. The girl, wearing a nightie, was lying face down in the field. Bantul raised an alarm and other villagers gathered at the spot.Policemen also reached the spot after being informed by the locals, but were not allowed to get close to the body till the dog squad arrived,\" said sources.\"I suspect that this crime was committed by the brother of a Gopinathpur gram panchayat member, which is run by the CPM. This man was after my daughter for long. He came to our village even on Monday evening but we got together and drove him out,\" alleged the girl's father.According to Aduri's aunt Shyamali, the accused is a terror in the area and was after her daughter. \"The situation turned so bad that I had to send my daughter away from the village,\" she said.After the police faced resistance, Chandernagore SDPO Saikat Ghosh went to the village. Some Trinamool Congress leaders also reached the spot. \"The CPM may have lost in the polls , but the party is still terrorizing this area. We demand immediate arrest of the accused,\" said local Trinamool leader Laltu De. Basab Talukdar, Special IG, Burdwan Range, said that prima facie it seems that the girl was raped. \"She was bleeding from her private parts. We suspect rape. Nobody will be spared,\" he said.Crime in Hooghly is on the rise in recent times. On Monday evening, the body of a Class-VI student was found by the side of Delhi Road near Srirapur. Md Ismail, a student of Anjuman High School and resident of R K Road in Srirampur left home in the evening with three other youngsters. According to Rajnarayan Mukherjee, SDPO, Srirampur, the trio asked Ismail to join them for fishing at a local pond.\"After being arrested on Monday night, the three admitted that they had thrashed Ismail as his family owed them Rs 4,000. The boy apparently got throttled when the three grabbed him by the throat,\" Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15134978", "title": "India Against Corruption to seek justice for Pritam during relay hunger strike", "text": "GUWAHATI: India Against Corruption is all set to focus on the death of Pritam Bhattacharjee, a student of Assam who was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Bihar, in its token relay hunger strike beginning July 25.The Assam branch of the anti-graft organization will bring forth local issues affecting the state. The hunger strike will commence simultaneously under the aegis of nationwide India Against Corruption's Satyagraha for a strong Lok Pal authority, which will be led by veteran Gandhian Anna Hazare in New Delhi.Pritam, who went missing on July 9 from Naugachia railway station in Bihar after he went after some miscreants who had stolen his bag containing some valuable documents, was found dead six days later. His body was found in a decomposed state. According to his relatives, railway officials at the station didn't help Pritam in tracking the miscreants for which he had to lose his life.\"The RPF is supposed to protect passengers. We want to protest against the callousness of the Railways, the Bihar state administration and lack of strong measures in handling the case. Along with Pritam, we want to highlight the GS Road incident and seek stringent action against the accused,\" said Gurpreet Singh Uppal, a member of India Against Corruption.The anti-graft organisation will also highlight the Gadapani Pathak murder case. Pathak, a senior engineer in the agriculture department, was murdered as he was inquiring into some alleged corruption instances in his department.The Kamrup Metro district administration has permitted the Assam branch of the anti-graft body to hold the fast from morning to evening. \"We offer our deepest sympathy for the innocent victims, and would like to appeal to all sections of society to uphold peace and harmony. We condemn the ongoing ethnic violence in the state,\" said a member of the organization.On the other hand, RTI activist Akhil Gogoi has reached Delhi to take part in the hunger strike with Hazare for a strong Lok Pal authority. According to members of the Assam branch of the anti-graft body, there is a probability that local issues of Assam will be highlighted at the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131293", "title": "Health workers seek wage hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Close to 2,000 multi-purpose health workers on Tuesday organized a rally in Gandhinagar demanding immediate redressal of their long-pending grievances. The workers said that for the last 10 years they have been getting a fixed salary of Rs 2,500 per month and there has been no hike despite high inflation and price rise.Mehul Ramkar, a health worker from Nadiad, said that the government plans to make 4,268 fresh recruitments through open merit exam and only those who clear it will be selected for the job. \"This means those who have been working since nine or more years face a threat to their job,\" he said.There are several health workers, who are the sole bread earners for their families. On Tuesday, at least 60 health workers got their heads tonsured as a mark of protest and submitted a memorandum to the state health minister Jaynarayan Vyas. The health workers carry out several government-sponsored health schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15134588", "title": "Residents force shut down of Tasmac shop in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Protests by residents of several areas in the city demanding the shifting of Tasmac ( Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation) wine shops in their localities has forced the officials to shut down one of them.Recently, residents of Thiruvanaikaval in the chief minister's Srirangam constituency came out in the open to protest against the Tasmac shops, which are one of the key sources of revenue for the government, stating that they were causing problems to them. The residents alleged tipplers frequenting the Tasmac shops often create hindrance to them. They also faulted the Tasmac officials for their pecuniary motive rather than considering the welfare of the people.On July 21, the Tasmac officials were forced to close down a wine shop on Nethaji Road in Thiruvanaikovil a few hours after its inauguration after the residents united in protest. They pointed out that a large number of school and college students had to board their buses in the stop near the wine shop. In fact, the issue had been dragging on for a long time where the residents in August 2011, had raised the pitch against the proposal to open the wine shop in the area. During that time, the Trichy district collector had assured them that there was no plan to open a wine shop. Meanwhile, the then district manager RP Raveendran also had assured that the shop would not be opened. However, the Tasmac officials neglected the assurances and went ahead with opening the shop.Similarly, on July 23, as many as 100 residents thronged the Tasmac shop on Thiruvanaikovil Main Road to demand its shift to another place as it caused hindrance to the public. After the intervention of Srirangam tahsildar, Rangarajan, the protest came to an end.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, Rangarajan said, \"We did not give any assurance to shift the shop as it had has been functioning for 15 years. The people raised the issue after witnessing the closure of the shop at Nethaji Road on July 21. However, we told them that it would take some time to decide on the issue.\"However, a Tasmac official on the condition of anonymity said, \"Both the protests were being fuelled by some people who had vested interests in shifting the Tasmac shops. However, we stick to the rules. We, in the past one year, shifted eight shops in Srirangam area.\"In Trichy, there are 233 wine shops, which are functioning in both rural and urban areas.Yet another burning issue is the shifting of a wine shop at Akbar Road in Thuvakudi. The shop was not shifted despite the officials agreeing to take steps to relocate the shop to another place in three months. The decision was taken during a peace committee meet held on March 8, 2010. Unfortunately, the officials kept on giving a constant reply that they are searching for a suitable place to shift the shop.According to Tasmac rules on location of the shops, \"No shop shall be established in municipal corporations and municipalities within a distance of 50 metres and in other areas, 100 metres in any place of worship and educational institutions. However, the distance restrictions shall not apply in areas designated as 'commercial' or 'industrial'\".P Rajendran from Thuvakudi charged that the Tasmac officials were reluctant to shift the shop as they get good revenue from the shop. But he appealed to the administration to give top priority to the welfare of the public instead of being money-minded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132153", "title": "Income tax department to start friendly visits", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to make it convenient for the tax payers to file their income tax returns, the Income Tax (I-T) department has started taxpayer friendly initiatives like 'register for home visit' and 'online tax help'. To avail these facilities, a taxpayer must visit the website (www.trpscheme.com) and take help of trained professionals, the tax return preparers, either online or at their homes. The taxpayer can choose between 'online help' or 'home visit'.The I-T department has decided to provide the facility, at present, to assesses in select 10 cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, New Delhi, and Patna. By logging on to the website and on choosing the option of online tax help, the taxpayer can fill in his tax related query along with his contact details. The online query will be resolved by tax experts through e-mail or phone within 24 hours.The taxpayers, who choose to register for home visit, will be asked to indicate in short the help required by them and a convenient date and time when the tax return preparer can visit them for assistance. The help desk will forward the query of the taxpayer to the nearest available TRP and fix the appointment telephonically.The TRP will then visit the taxpayer for help. The facility is aimed to facilitate tax payers in filing their return and thereby reducing their cost of compliance. TNNThe TRPs will charge a maximum of Rs 250 per return preparation from the assesses. The TRP scheme call centre 1800-10-23738 may be called for further information regarding these initiatives.The TRP scheme is an initiative of the Income Tax department to help small and marginal tax payers in filing of their tax returns. The scheme is applicable to individual and HUF tax payers, who can take assistance of TRPs in preparation and filing of their I-T returns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15135018", "title": "Five-day transit remand for main accused in July 9 molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The chief judicial magistrate (CJM) court of Varanasi on Tuesday sent Amar Jyoti Kalita, the main accused in the July 9 G S Road molestation case, in a five-day transit remand. \"We have taken five days of transit remand of Kalita. As soon as we finish official work here, we will go back to Assam,\" said SP (operation) Ranjan Bhuyan, who is heading the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Assam Police in Varanasi, investigating the molestation case.On Monday, the UP Police arrested Amar Jyoti Kalita from the Lanka area. The UP Police then contacted its counterpart in Guwahati to inform them about the arrest. The SIT officials reached Varanasi on Tuesday morning. They are likely to return here within a day or two.The SIT personnel produced the warrant issued by the CJM court of Kamrup before the Varanasi CJM. The Assam Police will produce him before the CJM Kamrup court for further proceedings.Sources said Kalita was residing in a lodge near the Cantt Railway Station for a few days and he was in constant touch with his family through phone. \"He called his family from a PCO located near the railway station. Assam Police informed us about the call and we started intercepting the call to know his location. Our team caught him near the Lanka area,\" said a police officer of Lanka Police Station.During the initial interrogation, Kalita told UP Police that he was changing cities before reaching Varanasi.A Guwahati police officer said, \"The team will reach here soon. They are likely to leave Varanasi on Wednesday. Their arrival will depend on their mode of transport. Most railway routes are blocked due to the ongoing tension in lower Assam, so the team may return via air.\"Meanwhile, the CJM Kamrup here sent TV reporter Gaurav Jyoti Neog to judicial custody on Tuesday after three days of police remand. He was arrested after team Anna member Akhil Gogoi accused him of instigating the mob. Neog will appear before the CJM again on August 3. Advocate Bijon Mahajan and advocate Arshad Chaudhury represented Neog in the lower court.Asked about the allegation of Gaurav's link with Kalita in the case, Ranjan Bhuyan added, \"The investigation has found no evidence of any link between Gaurav and Amarjyoti so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134196", "title": "A terrible setback: tourism minister Bina Kak", "text": "JAIPUR: The park is closed at the moment and I will be able to comment only when I read the whole judgment. But on the face of it, this would be a terrible set back, said Rajasthan minister for tourism and forests, Bina Kak, while commenting on the Supreme Court's decision to ban tourism in core areas of Project Tiger forests.\"The mismanagement of tourism in Madhya Pradesh should not affect other parks. Our national parks are very well managed. In fact most of the times tourism industry acts as the custodian of the park. It is the guides and tourists who give us first hand information of the park. I have asked for a copy of the judgment and will also write to the MoEF,\" said Kak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134673", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji ups the ante on anti-plastic drive", "text": "PANAJI: If the present anti-plastic drive is anything to go by, the city of Panaji can soon look forward to less plastic strewn around the place.Continuing with its drive against plastic bags below 40 microns, officials from the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) seized 83kg of plastic bags from Vishal Mega Mart, Panaji, on Monday. The China-made extremely thin plastic bags were being used for garbage disposal. Officials seized over 600 bundles of the bags. Each bundle contains 50 black bags. A fine of 5,000 has also been imposed on the shopping store.The anti-plastic drive is part of the CCP's multi-pronged approach to eradicate illegalities from the city. As part of the drive, the CCP has already seized over 150kg of plastic below 40 microns from various vendors in the city. Fines of over 25,000 have been imposed. A number of vendors from the market have been raided in this connection.CCP officials said, \"The CCP is also keeping watch on the major stores and eateries in the city such as Dominos, KFC and Caculo Mall and has warned them about plastic as well as garbage segregation failing which strict action would be taken.\" The CCP is also tackling littering by gaddas in the city in a similar manner.Goa was among the first states to curb the plastic menace through the Goa Non-Biodegradable Garbage (Control) Act, 1996. In 2002, the Goa government decided to raise the limit to 100 microns, but bowed to pressures and settled for a standard of 40 microns. Initially, enforcement was strict but then turned lax.Besides plastic, the CCP has taken down numerous commercial hoardings from around the city, keeping with a past resolution to make the city hoarding free. This, despite intense pressure from politicians and some councillors who are complicit in supporting these illegalities, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15134655", "title": "KRCL moots 6th rake for RORO service", "text": "MANGALORE: Buoyed by the growing demand for its roll-on, roll-off (RORO) services that sees trucks being carried point-to-point on railway flats, Konkan Railway is planning to go in for a sixth rake after this monsoon. Started in January 1999 with 522 trucks being carried in that fiscal (1998-99), RORO services, since then, have carried 2,54,731 trucks, netting Rs 205.60 crore.Konkan Railway operates RORO services on Kolad-Verna (Goa) sector, Kolad-Surathkal sector and Ankola-Surathkal sector. While the demand for RORO services is heavy on the first two-sectors, Konkan Railway operates rake on Ankola-Surathkal sector on demand. The running time between Kolad-Verna, a distance of 417km, is 8-10 hours, while that of Kolad-Surathkal (721km) is 21-24 hours, and Ankola-Surathkal (205km) in 3-5 hours.Nandu Telang, deputy chief commercial manager, Konkan Railway Corporation Ltd (KRCL), told reporters here on Tuesday that RORO services are unique. Railway Board is keen to start similar venture in other railway units under Indian Railway. \"The railway ministry has consulted KRCL and it will be their call as to when and where they intend to start a similar service in the future,\" he said.KRCL operated a single rake for the first seven years (up to 2004-05), added one more in the next four years (up to 2008-09), and in the last three fiscal, it has added three more, taking the total number to five. Incidentally, KRCL bucked the recessionary trends in 2009-10 and 2010-11, respectively when it carried record 37,129 trucks, earning Rs 23.59 crore, and 25,840 trucks the following year, netting Rs 25.41 crore, Telang added.The tariff for the services is not guided by general goods tariff of the Indian Railway, he said, adding that it is priced competitively to attract transporters to use this facility rather than transport their goods on road. Each rake carries up to 40 lorries and they would need 10,000 litres of diesel for the 721-km trip from Kolad-Surathkal, while the KRCL ferries these trucks burning 3,600 litres of diesel, which results in overall saving of fossil fuel for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15136793", "title": "Govt comes out with draft national policy for children", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ensuring survival, health and nutrition as an inalienable right of every child and special care for kids caught in sectarian violence are some of the features of the government's Draft National Policy for Children, 2012.The Women and Child Development (WCD) ministry, which has revised the National Policy for Children for the first time since it was adopted in 1974, has now put the draft policy, which defines any individual below the age of 18 years as child, in public domain inviting views before it is finalised.According to ministry officials, the policy would guide and inform all laws, policies, plans and programmes affecting children and all other actions of national, state and local Governments in relation to population below 18 years.Amongst the key priorities listed in the draft are making survival, health, nutrition, development, education, protection and participation undeniable rights of every child.As per the policy draft, every child has a right to be safeguarded against hunger, deprivation and malnutrition and the State would commit to securing this right through access, provision and promotion of required services and supports for holistic nurturing.The State shall also take all necessary measures to improve maternal health care secure the right of the girl child and address discrimination of all forms in schools and foster equal opportunity.As per the draft policy, the state would take special protection measures to secure the rights and entitlements of children in difficult circumstances, in particular but not limited to, children affected by migration, displacement, communal or sectarian violence, civil unrest, disasters etc.Children of women in prostitution, children forced into prostitution and other abused and exploited children, those affected by HIV/AIDS, children with disabilities would also be eligible for state protection by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133612", "title": "'Worst traffic jams at Samrala Chowk'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite being the crucial entry-exit point to the city when coming from other cities like Chandigarh and Delhi, Samrala Chowk remains clogged with traffic all the time. For those who pass through it frequently, the Chowk has become a nightmare, witnessing jams and snarls every day.Praveen Oberoi, a homemaker from Hambran Road, says, \"I have seen the worst traffic jams on Samrala Chowk while entering and exiting the city. Every driver tries to make way through the traffic without any proper regulation, leading to hour-long jams during morning and evening hours.\" She adds the authorities should get the construction work completed soon to avoid trouble to commuters. College Road resident and a businessman Rakesh Sood says he reaches from Chandigarh to Ludhiana in one and half hours, but traffic just doesn't clear at Samrala Chowk, and he has to wait for long before he can make it home.There is no traffic management at the Chowk and the cops seem hapless as no body listens to their instructions. I had an important meeting to attend, which I will have to postpone now,\" adds Sood.Rishi Arora, who owns a hosiery factory in Madhopuri, says \"Samrala Chowk is a problematic point for people travelling in and out of city. Since many factories are located beyond the Chowk, towards Chandigarh and Delhi roads, most businessmen have to take this route and get stuck here for a long time during morning and evening. So, the traffic chaos is indirectly affecting the business as well.\" Arora adds the authorities must finish the flyover construction as soon as possible to relieve commuters from the traffic mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134717", "title": "State awaiting SC order on Mhadei: Dayanand Mandrekar", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa government is awaiting an order from the Supreme Court in connection with an interim application filed by its water resources department (WRD) before the Mhadei water dispute tribunal, seeking a stay on construction of a canal to divert the water of Kalsa-Bhandura tributaries to Malaprabha.Assuring that all efforts would be made to protect Goa's interests, WRD minister Dayanand Mandrekar told the Goa assembly on Tuesday that the WRD had filed the plea for interim relief in February 2012 as Karnataka was going ahead with the works at Kankumbi despite repeated objections.The three-member tribunal had informed the Goa government that it cannot consider the interim relief as it was non-functional due to lack of staff. The chairman and members had also not been provided accommodation. The WRD then filed an application before the Supreme Court to pass an order to make the tribunal operational in April 2012. A preliminary hearing was held by the apex court on July 23, 2012 and the central government has been asked to reply within two weeks regarding the status of the tribunal, Mandrekar said.Several members in the House also raised concerns over the work being carried out by Karnataka.After one MLA said that that the Mhadei issue should be settled through back channel diplomacy, the minister said it was not feasible as the compulsions and commitments of each state government are different to their respective state and people. Mauvin Godinho said even if the Mhadei is partly diverted, there would be a huge impact and the water would reduce in the waterways for navigation and also affect the state's ecology drastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133501", "title": "Indlish gets Oxford dictionary boost", "text": "KOLKATA: Gone are those days when Indian cuisine items - samosas, pakoras, tandoori, tikka and paneer - had to be written in italics. They have made it to the English vocabulary these days. And now, even the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) and its junior variant, the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary (OALD), have incorporated these words that are accepted as part of the international English vocabulary.It isn't just words from the Indian cuisine that are extremely popular in the West. There are a whole lot of Indian words from everyday usage that are steadily making their way into these coveted dictionaries, said OALD managing editor Joanna Turnbull. She was in the city on Tuesday, talking to schoolteachers about why the world's most popular dictionaries are going through a constant change.The current editions of the two dictionaries include at least 200 Indian words. The fifth and seventh editions had to have a special Indian supplement to explain meanings and usages of these words. However, unlike the words associated with food, other Indian words are not used too often by international users of the language. \"There are exceptions of course. Words like bungalow, pilaf, masala and vindaloo are being used by the users of English in Britain and America since the time of the Raj. Naturally, their distinction for emanating from Indian origin is almost forgotten now,\" Turnbull explained. Some of the Indian words that made way to these dictionaries include 'Bollywood', 'bindi', 'dhurrie', 'kabaddi', 'crore', 'lakh', 'taluk', 'namaskar', 'air-dash', 'chargesheet', 'pre-pone' and 'undertrial'.Researchers and analysts who are working on new words that are likely to be included in the ninth edition of the dictionary, to be published in 2015, have been swamped by a large number of Indian words and it is likely that many of them will be included finally. Outside England, America and Australia - the three major English-speaking zones of the world - India is the only country to send so many indigenous words to the two dictionaries. \"This shows the kind of importance we attach to the churning that Indian English is undergoing,\" she said.The OALD is constantly giving cognizance to the new and abbreviated expressions that are becoming popular in the way the internet and mobile phone-controlled world is communicating at present. The present edition has included words like \"chillax\" (chill out and relax), \"staycation\" (staying at home on a vacation) and podcast (iphone and broadcast). These are popular coinages, especially among the youth and have cemented their positions in the language.\"There is no way in which we can ignore such trends. Environment consciousness, for example, is a major trend and hence words like carbon footprints, carbon neutral etc have been included in the eighth edition. Similarly, acronyms like BOGOF (buy one get one free), WAG (wives and girlfriends) etc have also been included this time. Again, some meanings of old words have been re-done. Thus Pluto is no longer just a planet, but is now necessarily a \"Dwarf Planet.\" Again the word 'phone' has been re-explained to incorporate not only the traditional connotation but also its mobile version. Similarly, you will find the words landline and snail mail in the otherwise orthodox dictionary now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15128068", "title": "Four students held for bid to extort teacher", "text": "GUMLA: Four students of two high schools were arrested on the charges of trying to extort Rs 1 lakh from a teacher here on Monday.The students were asking for the money from the teacher on his mobile phone for the past ten days.The arrested students aged between 16 and 19 years were from Lanji-Navatoli village and from Silafari village under the town police station of the district. Gumla police station officer in charge Anil Kumar Karn said,\" Two of them are Class X students of Litatoli High school, while the other two are students of a nearby high school.\"One of the students had been calling Rajesh Kumar Sahu, the teacher, at the nearby Upgraded Middle School Phori for the past ten days demanding Rs 1 lakh from him. He had even threatened to kill the teacher if he failed to pay, the OC said.The teacher had incidentally taught the student in the middle school before his transfer to Phori school. Sahu lodged a complaint with Gumla police station with the mobile number which was used for the threats. Police traced its location and arrested all the four gradually, police said.On Tuesday, the four were forwarded to jail, the OC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134424", "title": "Female fetus found dumped near roadside, again", "text": "JAIPUR: It appears that all measures taken by the state government, especially by the medical and health department, to curb female feticide are going in vain with the recovery of another female fetus on Tuesday.The fetus was found near road no 14 at Harmada police station area on Tuesday. Some onlookers spotted it wrapped in a poly bag near a dustbin on the roadside and informed police.A team from the Harmada police station rushed to the spot and took the fetus in its possession. It was probably the 13th case when a female fetus was found in the city this year so far.Police have sent the fetus for the post mortem to verify its sex. \"Prima facie it appears to be the fetus of a girl; however, it would be ascertained only after the post mortem and other tests,\" a senior police officer of Harmada police station said. It is a seven-month-old premature fetus, an officer added.The police have also registered a case against unidentified persons as is the practice.Pink City has a dismal picture on conviction rate in such cases as in the past five years, several female fetuses were found in dustbins,open places or found buried, but till date, only two persons have been convicted in such cases and those too were from other districts. Conviction of two persons in the female feticide cases was a big success for the state government in 2006.The police also seem to have a dillydallying approach in these cases as they just lodged a case against unidentified persons and thereafter shut the case, literally. As a result of such feticide cases, the child sex ratio declined from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011 in the state.A former PCPNDT cell official said, \"It is very difficult to nab the accused, who throws female fetuses in streets, drains and rivers or even bury them. But there is a need to find a link of the accused person with the fetus thrown. In such cases, police lodge FIR against unidentified accused under Section 315 of the IPC, while the PCPNDT cell of medical, health and family welfare department checks records of the nearby hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15130514", "title": "Steps afoot to end Saurashtra\u2019s water woes before polls", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government plans to end Saurashtra's water woes much before the assembly polls. A secretary-level meet held on Tuesday to assess the water situation came to a conclusion that work on the Dhrangadhra branch of the Narmada canal should be completed within the next three months.The work on this branch canal was earlier scheduled to be completed by June next year. Once this branch canal is finished, the Sardar Saroval Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) will be able to supply 300 million litres per day (MLD) of water to Saurashtra region. Sources say that the 300 MLD along with supply from Maliya branch canal, the problem in Saurashtra and Kutch regions would be addressed.Of the 124 km of Dhrangadhra branch canal that goes from Bala to Nava Sadulka, works have already been completed on more than 50 km stretch. \"The choice was between expediting work on either the Morbi branch or the Dhrangadhra branch. Since the latter is in an advanced stage, we decided to prioritize it while choosing to slow down the work on the other one,\" said an official. All this is to be done without any additional cost, the official claimed , adding that two additional contractors would be roped in.While the Maliya branch canal addresses the need of Rajkot, Jamnagar and Kutch, the Dhrangadhra branch canal would cater to Rajkot and Jamnagar.Meanwhile, the SSNNL released 450 MLD of water in Maliya branch on Tuesday. It intends to maintain a supply of over 400 MLD to this canal in the days to come.The authorities at SSNNL have further told the government that they are in a position to supply more than the 400 MLD of water that is being pumped at Navada through Vallabhipur branch canal that caters to the needs of Amreli and a part of Saurashtra. They have conveyed that it is up to the water distribution department to augment its pumping, lifting and supplying capacity to make use of this water. This branch canal is 119 km in length and is located between Dhaki and Vallabhipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15133759", "title": "In tennis ball business, Liza Mayan holds all the aces", "text": "KANNUR: Ace tennis players of the country may not be her friends, but Liza Mayan definitely seems to be playing an ace role in their professional lives. The bright yellow tennis balls that players like Sania Mirza or Mahesh Bhupathi use to perfect their shots and volleys come from Liza's little factory in Kannur.Far away from the crowds that cheer or boo at each shot played by their favourite tennis players, in a small factory near Adikadalyi in the outskirts of Kannur, 56 workers, mostly women, work diligently to produce 8,000 tennis balls every day under the brand name Winson. Liza, who calls herself the 'self-designated' CEO of the company Classic Sports Goods (P) Ltd, is the mastermind of the growth in this tennis ball manufacturing business.Her foray into the business was through marriage. A young computer science engineer in 1993, she married into a family that owned Western India Plywoods. By then the company had already ventured into making tennis balls under the leadership of Liza's father-in-law and managing director of the firm P K Muhammed. An ardent sports enthusiast, Muhammed had started the sports accessories business 25 years ago and the company was also manufacturing chess and carom boards apart from shuttlecocks made from original bird feather.Liza joined the company late in 2000 when her husband Mayan Mohammed became the executive director of the parent firm. She soon realized that manufacturing tennis balls is a near monopoly business and all that she needs to do is to change the mindset of workers in the factory to boost the production. \"I felt there is a great future for the business if it is streamlined a little bit,\" she says. By then the firm's Pacer brand soft balls used for cricket practice too had become a brand in itself.Over the years the production went up and Liza soon found that the market for soft balls is huge especially in a land where cricket is more of a religion than a game. \"After all India is basically a cricket country, and we cannot ignore it,\" she says. But in 2005 cheap Chinese goods made inroads into the company's market and dented its top-line. But it picked up as the market for sports accessories is huge and there are only a few players.With 70% of the balls produced being soft balls and the company's revenue crossing Rs 3 crore, now Liza is planning to slowly widen her business overseas. \"We are planning a slow expansion and new machineries would be installed in a few months,\" she says. The company which maintains global standards in the business procures rubber sheets to make the core of the ball from the local market. \"The woollen felt for the tennis balls is imported from a Swedish company in Thailand . The felt for the cricket ball is bought from Amritsar, Punjab,\" Liza says.An ardent fan of Rafael Nadal and Leander Paes , she points out the main reason for the company's silent growth is change in the mindset of workers and ability to capture markets without advertisements or branding. \"For the second part, the credit goes to my husband. When the products were launched there was little competition and hence it was easy to capture the market via wholesale dealers in main cities and we still follow the same strategy,\" she says.Meanwhile, the company has also ventured into making wooden novelties and framing of art works. \"It is a niche market and we want to tap it especially when more and more Malayali artists are entering the contemporary Indian art scene,\" says Liza. From tennis balls to framing art works, Liza's business philosophy seems to be simple and elegant: There is market for any business but growth and profit depends on how one taps it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135085", "title": "Light rains lead to drop in temp", "text": "BHOPAL: Light rains all through the day on Tuesday brought a drop in day temperature and turning conditions pleasant. On Tuesday, Bhopal recorded 9.3 mm.Director, meteorological department, Bhopal circle, D P Dubey, said \"The low pressure system, active over northeast MP is expected to result in showers in all major divisions of the state. Though chances of heavy rainfall being bleak for Bhopal and Indore, the monsoon activities will continue,\" he added.Kandhwa recorded 110 mm of rain, Hoshangabad 60 mm, Nepanagar 40 mm, Indore 11.8 mm, Raisen 30 mm and Bhind and Barwani 20 mm each.Maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 33.9 and 22.6 degrees.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 26.0 (-4) degrees against a minimum of 24.0 (00) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 26.4 (-3) degrees and a minimum at 22.6 (+1) degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 33.9 (+1) degrees and minimum temperature there remained at 28.9 (+3) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur was recorded at 26.5 (-3) and 24.2 (00) degrees Celsius.There is a possibility of rain and thundershowers in many places of the state, including Bhopal on Wednesday, according to Met department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134252", "title": "'Last nail in tiger's coffin'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court decision to ban tourism in core area of tiger reserves in the country has sparked mixed reactions among conservationists, tourists and those talking to save tigers.\"It will prove to be a final nail in tiger's coffin,\" felt Himanshu Bagde, young naturalist and regular visitor to parks and tiger reserves.While Congress MP from Nagpur Vilas Muttemwar , who is fighting for legal status to Nagpur as tiger capital, supported the ban saying tigers will be able to live more freely. Nagpur, as named by former environment minister Jairam Ramesh , is known as the Gateway to Tiger Country.\"It will also help stop nuisance of so-called leaders and VIPs who had little regard for rules,\" Muttemwar said.When asked about losing local support, the MP said locals can be compensated by developing tourism in buffer.Bittu Sahgal, conservationist and Editor of the popular Sanctuary-Asia, said: \"Banning tourism in tiger reserves will neither benefit tigers, nor the communities living around such reserves. 'Yahoo tourism' should be controlled, but stopping everyone from accessing the forest is throwing the baby out with the bath.\"\"Complete ban on tourism is really shocking and suicidal. Tourism should be done in a controlled way. Tourists are eyes of the forest department and many times they report about unscrupulous elements,\" said Nitin Desai, Central India director of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI).Desai added by banning tourism from core areas \"you will not only lose public support but also thousands of eyes and ears that scan the horizons for intruders\".However, Praful Bhamburkar, manager, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), was cautious. \"Complete ban is unjustified. Tourism should be phased out slowly. Problems arise as management is poor. The Taj Mahal is under pressure today. Should we close tourism to it,\" asked Bhamburkar.\"Those who advocate ban must remember that they will encourage poachers and timber mafias to enter the core of our wilderness. We must decide who we want - poachers or tourists. No longer can we rest on the laurels of our forest department. The debacle and extinction of tigers in Sariska and Panna reveal the horrors of bad governance,\" said Nishikant Mukherjee, a conservationist who works with Baiga tribals in Kanha.Former president of Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council Vilas Kale says around 40 years ago, when Indira Gandhi started 'Project Tiger' there were close to 3,000 tigers in India.Kale added four decades later after hundreds of crores of rupees have been spent, many 'brilliant officers' have proclaimed their own greatness, and huge government bureaucracies have been created, there are purportedly only 1700 tigers left.\"So what have they done in the last 40 years with such claims to greatness? Unless of course they will claim that their job is to preside over the eventual and gradual extinction of the tiger,\" Kale remarked.\"Intelligent tourism plays a critical role in protecting the wilderness and all its endangered species. In place of open gypsies and cars, medium-sized buses, with a closed body and sliding windows may be used for park excursions. But why a complete ban,\" asks veteran conservationist Gopal Thosar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134923", "title": "Now, you can store your password in subconscious", "text": "LONDON: What if you have a password that even you don't remember? Researchers from Stanford University , Northwestern and Stanford Research Institute have created a system in which the password is stored in a part of the brain you cannot physically access but is still in your subconscious for the right time, the Daily Mail reported.The majority of internet users' security is threatened by big data breaches or simplistic passwords easily targeted by hackers, Extreme Tech website explained.The new information is absorbed without the user being aware that he has actually learnt anything. The specially created computer game, which enables users to learn their 30 letter password, is similar to the popular Guitar Hero game series of music video games.It involves six buttons \u2014 S,D, F, J, K, L \u2014 and the user must tap the corresponding key when the circle reaches the bottom, like the Guitar Hero game.During a 45 minute training session to learn the password, the user will make approximately 4,000 keystrokes. Around 80% of those keystrokes are being used to subconsciously teach you a 30-character password.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135204", "title": "Cops gear up to control errant drivers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city traffic police are gearing up to control errant auto drivers. They have announced a series of legal action against those auto drivers who are rude or charge excess fares.City Traffic Police Inspector C Ayyersamy, said that if any empty passenger auto refuses to transport passengers, they can be booked under section 177 of Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Act imposing a fine of Rs 100. \"If an empty auto rickshaw does not stop when a passenger shows the signal, the person should take down the number and inform police, based on which we will take action,\" he said.They will take similar action against those who charge excess fares. They too will be fined under the same act, he said. He added that the same will be for drivers who seat another person on the drivers' seat.Experts say that the success in regulating auto drivers depends on how willing the public is to implicate errant drivers. Advocate R Kalaiarasu, says that autos must be monitored. \"The authority overseeing auto rickshaws is with the Regional Transport Officer (RTO). Only if immediate action is taken against such law breakers, can the auto rates be regulated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133352", "title": "20% OBC quota in education soon", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is keen to keep 20% of all seats in government educational institutions for Other Backward Classes, including the Muslims. A bill to this effect is likely to be placed by the state education minister Bratya Basu in the assembly monsoon session scheduled next month.This comes after the government gave effect to a proposed move by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government only months before the 2011 assembly polls to earmark 17% of all state government jobs for OBCs, including the Muslims. The Bill was passed only on July 6, this year, after the Trinamool Congress government added another 35 categories - 33 of this backward Muslims - to the OBC list prepared by the state backward classes commission.The Calcutta high court on July 9, 2011, acting on a public interest litigation filed by Amal Chandra Das, observed that the process of inclusion in the OBC list and the reservation announcement following it (by the Left Front government) was prima facie done in a haste and felt the government should re-examine the decision. Das informed the court that within a span of 16 years, between 1994 and 2010, the West Bengal Commission for Backward Class included 66 communities on the OBC list, 12 of which were Muslims. But within seven months, between March 2010 and September 2010, the government included another 42 classes, of which 41 are Muslims.West Bengal governor M K Narayanan had also not given his assent to the previous bill. Taking a cue, the Mamata Banerjee-government reworked on the OBC list by including 65 groups in the more backward classes category (category A) and 78 groups as backward classes (category B) and enacted the West Bengal Backward Classes (other than Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes) (Reservation of Vacancies in Services and Posts) Bill, 2012. The Bill was passed in the assembly earlier this monthnth. amid a rare convergence of intent by the treasury and opposition benches, hardly witnessed in the politically charged 14-months since Mamata took over.It was assembly opposition Leader Surjya Kanta Mishra who requested the chief minister on that day in the house to explore whether the Justice Ranganath Mishra Commission recommendations can also be extended to education, prompting Mamata to direct the higher education department to draft the Bill.The Ranganath Mishra Commission had recommended that at least 15% seats in all non-minority educational institutions should be earmarked by law for the minorities. The break-up of the recommended 15% earmarked seats in institutions shall be 10% for the Muslims (commensurate with their 73% share of the former in the total minority population at the national level) and the remaining 5% for other minorities. The state proposes to reserve 5% more seats over-and-above the recommendations.Mamata's decision to fast-track the reservation bill in educational institutions will serve the party well in the forthcoming panchayat polls - dubbed as the first \"real\" electoral test for her government. It will also assuage a growing minority voice among the party ranks, led by MP and Union minister for state Sultan Ahmed , who had been asking the party supremo for more Muslim reservation, not as a backward class but as a religious minority.\"This is not new. Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka have witnessed it. The apex court has put a cap of 50% on reservation of any form in education and jobs, so there is ample scope for further reservation in Bengal and in the entire country,\" the MP argues, though he isn't aware of the latest Bill. Former CPM MP Md Salim, however, rebuffs it saying the Constitution doesn't permit any reservation based on religion.\"The Constitution enables state to make special provisions to advance socially and educationally backward classes, including reservation of jobs. The spirit of Ranganath Mishra Commission recommendations is also that. If they are really keen, they should first implement the Commission's recommendations and then indulge in all such misleading claims,\" Selim said.What the other states have done?Kerala - Religion-based reservation was first introduced in Kerala, which was then Travancore-Cochin state, in 1936. In 1952, this was replaced with communal reservation, with 45% reservation. Of this, 35% were allotted to OBCs which included Muslims. After Kerala was reorganized in 1956, the percentage of reservation was increased to 50 including 40% for OBCs. The government introduced a sub-quota within the OBCs wherein the Muslim share was 10%. Currently, the Muslim share has increased to 12% in Kerala government jobs and 8% in professional educational institutions. Irrespective of their social and economic status, all Muslims in Kerala are categorized as OBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15137951", "title": "Nigerian 'raped to death' by 5 'jealous wives'", "text": "London: A wealthy Nigerian businessman was 'raped to death' by five of his wives because he was paying too much attention to the sixth one.Uroko Onoja from Ogbadibo was having sex with his youngest wife when the remaining five reportedly set upon him with knives and sticks and demanded him to satisfy each of them too.According to Nigeria's Daily Post, Onoja, who went on to have intercourse with four of his wives in a marathon sex session, 'stopped breathing' as the fifth wife was making her way to the bed, the Daily Mail reported.Two women have been arrested in the wake of 'extraordinary' incident last week.The businessman, who is understood to have returned from a bar at around 3 am on Tuesday, headed for the bedroom of his youngest wife.His other wives, who were said to have held a meeting to discuss their intentions before their husband arrived home allegedly, ambushed Onoja for their conjugal rights.Although the businessman tried to resist the group's demand, they eventually overpowered him.He could not be resuscitated once he stopped breathing during the continuous forced sex session.His youngest spouse revealed that her five fellow wives ran into the forest when they realized their husband was dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15128338", "title": "Pratapnagar residents continue legal battle", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has been forced to take notice of the woes of residents of Pratapnagar area thanks to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by them in Gujarat high court last year over waterlogging issues. When localities faced trouble again this monsoon, a legal notice for contempt proceedings was also slapped on the civic body.Residents of Pratapnagar had filed the PIL last year as they face waterlogging in the area every monsoon. The work started by the civic body was also moving at a snail's pace. In the past the residents had also filed a complaint in a local court against the civic body over the problem in the locality.Last year's PIL was disposed of after the civic body stated in the high court that the work to take care of the problem would be completed by July this year. But when this did not happen, the residents shot a legal notice to the civic body.\"The VMC has not completed the work. The reply to the notice for contempt proceedings is also vague. We are not satisfied and may initiate proceedings,\" lawyer Kanubhai Pandya, who is a resident of the area, said.He said waterlogging had taken place in the area even this year.\"The issue is not yet taken care of completely,\" he said.Alarmed by the notice, city engineer Shailesh Mistry has shot letters to executive engineers of north zone, south zone, storm water drains, storm water drain projects and drainage projects.In separate letters, Mistry has pointed out that how the work that was to be taken up for solving the issue was still pending.The letter states that the work should be taken up on a priority.It adds that in case of any proceedings in the high court, the executing engineers would be responsible. It has also come to light that some officials did not even bother to reply to a missive from the city engineer when the notice for contempt proceedings was received recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15134910", "title": "No breakthrough in Pritam murder case", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Apparently cornered over the shocking murder of Assam youth, the investigating teams of GRP assisted by Naugachia police are looking desperately for some breakthrough even after 16-days. The senior police officials including those from GRP believe it to be a most challenging case where the investigating teams have gathered disjointed information in bits-and-pieces with fewer corroborative evidences in the puzzling abduction and subsequent killing of Pritam Bhattacharjee.Drawing flak, the GRP and local police are desperately seeking a breakthrough in the case in view of reports about Assam chief minister Tarun Kumar Gogoi, after taking notice of the growing unrest in Silchar (Assam) in connection to the murder case and rallies-demonstrations being taken out in different areas of Assam each day since the incident, has reportedly spoken to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar for expediting the case.On the other hand, sources said police investigating teams have taken several pickpockets including women members of pickpocket gangs and criminals into custody and are interrogating them for their suspected role in abduction and murder of Pritam.Involvement of several criminal gangs that operate in the Barauni-Katihar railway section and are said to have been involved in crime cases like pick-pocketing, loot, dacoity and murder in the past are the prime suspects in the Assam youth murder incident, said police sources adding investigating teams have taken some of the suspects from Khagaria, Katihar and Naugachia into custody for interrogation.Plainclothes informers have also been planted by the investigating in riverine areas that are said to be hideouts of criminal gangs operating in the region in order to collect and pass on every information to the GRP teams, said police sources adding major focus of police operation is in localities like Makhatakia and Jakhbaba Asthan, where it is suspected that the abductors had taken Pritam after abduction and kept hostage before he was killed.It may be mentioned here that Pritam Bhattacharjee, son of a retired principal in a college at Silchar (Assam), traveling in Awadh-Assam Express train, went missing from Naugachia (Bhagalpur, Bihar) railway station on July 9. He was on way to Delhi to pursue research in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). Pritam's body was subsequently recovered by the Naugachia police near railway over-bridge under Katariya railway station in Barauni-Katihar railway section on July 15.Police sources, in reference to statements of the alleged suspects during police interrogation, said that Pritam was killed after the abductors got panicked due to massive police raids and surveillance. Sources also said that police investigating team are also interrogating the tea vendors at Naugachia railway station, where Pritam had tea from one of the vendors after his unsuccessful attempt to retrieve his bag from the snatchers on July 9.Superintendent of railway police (SRP) Sugan Paswan said the GRP in association with the local police are raiding several areas of Katihar-Naugachia-Khagaria and are also interrogating the suspects who might be involved in the murder case. We may get some breakthrough soon, the SRP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134345", "title": "Prithviraj Nagar colony: Jaipur Development Authority extends deadline", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has extended the deadline for housing societies falling under Prithviraj Nagar (PRN) scheme to submit their documents.As the housing societies failed to submit the records within earlier given period of time, the JDA has decided to give 10 days' extension.\"The sector plan of the roads was prepared late, so the housing societies have not submitted their records as many wanted to the plan. We have given 10 days extension and we are hopeful that all the records will be submitted by last date,\" a senior JDA official said. On July 7, the JDA had announced that these housing societies can submit their record till July 25.The PRN scheme has around 1,100 colonies; however, the JDA has documents of only 112. As per the JDA's survey in 2008, in 1,100 colonies 23,400 houses have been constructed. Around 5,100 commercial units have also been constructed in the scheme.Senior official sources in JDA said work to develop the plan will be hampered if the records are not submitted. \"It's a very complicated situation for the authority as it cannot take any action to lure the housing societies to submit the documents,\" an official said.The JDA is struggling to draw up the actual cost plan. In absence of the records, it is a difficult task to make the estimate cost without a legitimate plan, a senior JDA engineer said. Once all the colonies under the scheme submit their records, the actual cost can be calculated. tnn\"There is a possibility that the cost can be taken out considering 20-25% of land for road. Decision on this can only be taken after a meeting with the town planning cell,\" he added.To expedite the regularization process, the JDA is also considering accepting the records from residential development committee of the area. According to JDA officials, if the housing societies and developers fail to provide documents, the JDA will approach the residential development committee and consider those records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15134592", "title": "No one-shot solution to pig menace", "text": "HUBLI: Pig population is growing out of proportion in Hubli but the corporation has not been able to come out with any effective solution to the problem.Last week mayor Pandurang Patil issued a warning to pig owners that their pigs will be shot down if found straying. However, pig owners do not seem to have taken the shoot-at-sight order seriously. So, pigs continue to move around freely on the city roads.\"The corporation has issued instructions to us to take our pigs off the road. But, where do we move the pigs? Has the corporation provided us an alternative site where we can leave the animals? If it provides, we will certainly shift the pigs there,\" said a pig owner, who did not wish to be named.Also, the idea of shooting stray pigs has not gone down well with some animal welfare organizations. Condemning HDMC's move, Meghraj Kawad, president, Hubli Pinjarapol Saunstha said: \"All animals have the right to live, and the corporation cannot snatch this basic right away from pigs. The pig owners should be persuaded to take their livestock off the road, and more importantly, the HDMC should provide them an alternative place to leave the pigs.\"It is not the first time that the corporation is issuing shoot-at-sight order for stray pigs. It was implemented once in 2005-06 too, but the corporation had to withdraw the order after a freak accident, in which a bullet, aimed at a pig, hit a passerby and injured him. So, if the corporation has to execute its order this time, it needs to be extra careful. \"Of course, we will take all precautionary measures this time and ensure that such mishaps do not repeat,\" the mayor told TOI.Pandurang Patil said they have not yet embarked 0n the drive to kill pigs because they want to give sufficient time to pig owners to take away their animals from roads. \"This kind of drive will be carried out only after proper consultation with all the stakeholders,\" the mayor added. He also appealed to residents to cooperate with the corporation to keep the areas clean and garbage free.Children more vulnerableMeantime, pig menace continues unabated in the twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad, posing problems to pedestrians and motorists alike.Children are the most vulnerable group. Last week, a six-year-old boy was bitten by stray pigs and was admitted to KIMS hospital with severe injuries.There have been several cases of motorists getting injured in their effort to avoid pigs on roads, said traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "15135273", "title": "NHRC probes Nuapada hunger deaths", "text": "BALANGIR: While the report regarding starvation deaths of five members of a family in Chabripali village in Balangir district two years ago is yet to be tabled in National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), the special rapporteur Damodar Sarangi visited Kulihadunguri village under Sinapali block in Nuapada district on Tuesday to take stock of alleged starvation deaths of three people there in 2011. Sarangi had visited Chabriplai village in 2010 to meet the bereaved family members and other villagers to file a report to the commission, which had taken suo moto cognizance of the case following media reports.The rapporteur visited Kulihadunguri one year after Laxman Jagat, Lochan Gowal and Durbal Bag allegedly died due to food deficiency in 2011, shaming the state government. \"I visited the village to take stock of the kind of diet consumed by villagers and what kind of jobs they are engaged in through the year. I have taken note of villagers' versions, which will be submitted to the commission later,\" Sarangi told media persons.It is also pertinent to recount here, five years ago people in Nangalghat village, about eight km from Kulihadunguri, were reported to be eating stones due to lack of food. Following media reports, a special committee of Odisha assembly had visited the village then. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15127646", "title": "Confiscation order issued against six defaulters in Garhwa district", "text": "GARHWA: The district authorities have issued confiscation order against six persons who have failed to repay the bank loan despite repeated warnings. Arrest warrants have also been issued against 15 defaulters who have taken loan from different banks but failed to repay the loan amount.Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar has issued the order against the six defaulters of Majhiaon block of the district. The SDM said earlier too the arrest warrants were issued against the six but they had been absconding.Kumar has sought immediate arrest of these defaulters who have taken loan from Punjab National Bank and Allahabad Bank of Garhwa branch and have failed to repay the loan amount. \"I have ordered the concerned police station officer in charge for their immediate arrest\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15135171", "title": "Protests across Haryana against power crisis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is a different kind of battle for power in Haryana. Villagers and city residents in several parts of the state on Monday night came out on the streets and attacked power stations before blocking roads, protesting against power cuts.Protesting crowds locked power stations at Yamunanagar, Jind and Bhiwani even as Haryana government, unable to meet the demand, resorted to power cuts.In Yamunanagar, people in several residential colonies went on a rampage and damaged a police vehicle. They also blocked national highway No. 73 at Kamani Chowk and Chandpur bridge.Haryana is reeling under severe power crisis as two units each of the generation plants at Yamunanagar and Jhajjar are dysfunctional. One unit each of Panipat and Khedar plants are also closed now, adding to the state's power woes. Farmers are also badly hit as they are not able pump water from wells during this paddy-sowing season.According to officials, the present power generation in the state is 1,290MW against the total generation capacity of 5,000MW. At present, the government is supplying 5,100MW from all its sources against the demand of approximately 6,100MW, resulting into a demand-supply gap of 1,000MW. Since the distribution companies have admitted to a transmission loss of up to 30%, the effective supply is around 3,400MW only.\"Our second unit at Khedar power plant has been made operational. We have already started the first unit and by Wednesday morning, the power generation will go up to 1,800MW. At the same time one unit at Panipat is under repairs. So far as generation is concerned, situation will improve by Wednesday evening,\" Anurag Aggarwal, managing director of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL), said.Farmers from Bilaspur, Chhachharauli and other paddy growing belts staged agitations outside the power stations of their areas. Ambala, Kurukshetra, Kaithal, Hisar, Sirsa and Fatehabad and Rohtak also witnessed protests by residents and farmers.\"Now we are in the last leg of sowing paddy. In the absence of electricity, we are not able to draw water from wells,'' Harphool Singh, a leader of farmers, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15133913", "title": "Bal Thackeray in Lilavati, family stays tight-lipped", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray was admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Bandra early on Tuesday and underwent several tests.Thackeray had developed health problems on Monday; he had complained of breathlessness besides constipation. A team of doctors from Lilavati who examined him at his Bandra home late on Monday advised him to undergo high-tech diagnostic tests, sources close to the family said.Shiv Sainiks kept a close vigil at Lilavati hospital, and family members were tight-lipped about the patriarch's health. The family is in a state of shock as Balasaheb's hospitalisation comes close on the heels of his son and Sena CEO Uddhav's angioplasty.The Sena chief was reluctant to get himself admitted to the hospital, especially as Uddhav had just returned home after spending four days in hospital.\"Balasaheb has been resting, and he is absolutely fine. There is no cause for worry,'' a Sena functionary said. Several senior Sena leaders, including Subhash Desai, a Thackeray protege, and Mumbai north-west 'vibhag-pramukh' Anil Parab, visited the hospital to inquire after their leader's health.A close relative said on Tuesday that the Sena chief was under observation in the hospital and no one was allowed to meet him. Uddhav, who has been advised complete rest on his return, was confined to Matoshree. \"Uddhav is quite keen on being at his father's bedside. However, he can't step out of Matoshree as he has been advised complete rest,'' said a family friend.Bal Thackeray underwent a bypass surgery in the mid-1990s. The late Dr Nitu Mandke had operated on him at Hinduja Hospital, Mahim. A few years later, he was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a condition in which the airways in the lungs become so narrow that the flow of air is limited and the patient feels short of breath. Despite reports of minor ailments, the senior Thackeray hasn't been admitted to hospital for long spells\u2014except for his angioplasty in 2009.Meanwhile, speculation was rife in political circles that MNS chief Raj Thackeray may call on his estranged uncle at Lilavati hospital. Raj had visited Lilavati last Monday following Uddhav's angiography. He later drove Uddhav back to Matoshree from the hospital.Raj was also at Lilavati when Uddhav underwent an angioplasty last Friday. The re-union of the two cousins has fuelled talk in the Sena and the MNS of a political reconciliation between the cousins. Raj had quit the Sena in November 2005 and floated the MNS six months later.Sena activists were glued to TV sets in 'shakhas' across Mumbai to see if Raj would step into Lilavati to visit his ailing uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133875", "title": "Set up agency to steer defence R&D;, recommends Naresh Chandra Task Force on national security", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Naresh Chandra Task Force on national security has recommended that the chief of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) should not be the scientific advisor to the Raksha Mantri (SA to RM). In a statement of its no-confidence in DRDO, the panel has suggested the setting up of a new agency for steering futuristic military research.The committee has recommended the setting up of an Advanced Projects Agency (APA) to undertake high-risk futuristic military research. The APA must be chaired by the SA to RM, it says. \"This institution's aim will be akin, though not necessarily identical to China's 863 programme, or the work of DARPA in the United states ,\" the report says.The APA will \"identify, fund and guide cutting edge projects relating to the country's futuristic security requirements. The SA must be assisted by UGC (University Grants Commission) chairman, DG of CSIR (Council of Scientific and Industrial Research), director of BARC ( Bhabha Atomic Research Centre) and the heads of TIFR (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research) and Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.According to the committee, APA would fund research in institutions like IITs, universities and private laboratories. \"The APA will not be involved with DRDO, though it will encourage collaboration between the organisation and the sectors it funds,\" it says.On separating the post of DRDO chief and scientific advisor to Raksha Mantri, the report says, \"The task force recommends that two independent officers should hold the appointments. One as DG, DRDO and secretary, Defence Research and Development and the other as SA to RM.\"\"The SA to RM should focus on futuristic requirements of India's defence and strategic needs, while the DG DRDO must assume responsibility for managing the DRDO's laboratories and research centres and ensuring the on-time delivery of projects undertaken there,\" it adds.The panel has decried the failure of the defence technology and industrial base to deliver \"badly-needed capabilities to the armed forces\".It has also recommended the setting up of a sub-group on defence technology, comprising representatives of DRDO, military, private sector, academia, military and other stakeholders. The group will make programme to reach targets in developing indigenous design and development capability, besides auditing the performance of DRDO and defence PSUs for their performance and accountability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134270", "title": "Rajasthan\u2019s Jat-Sikhs are OBC, clarifies social justice department", "text": "JAIPUR: Trouble days for the Jat-Sikhs in the state could finally be over as the social justice and empowerment department has clarified on its website that the community enjoys reservation under the Other Backward Classes (OBC) category.Even after been included in the OBC category along with the Jats 10 years ago, members of the Jat-Sikh community that resides primarily in Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh districts had been struggling to avail the quota benefits allegedly due to bureaucratic hurdles. The community's representatives recently met chief minister Ashok Gehlot with their grievances on the issue, prompting officials to take corrective measures.\"Jat-Sikhs were already included in the OBC list. We have now put the related government orders on the department website,\" said Aditi Mehta, additional chief secretary, social justice and empowerment.As per the department's notification dated December 19, 2001\u2014put on the website now\u2014the state cabinet approved on December 5, 2001 that OBC caste certificates be issued to the Jat-Sikhs in accordance with the opinions of the Centre and the national OBC commission. Despite the cabinet approval and the state government subsequently issuing orders that the Jat-Sikhs be given OBC certificates, the government officials were allegedly turning down the community members' applications.\"The entire problem was due to a bureaucratic mistake of not including the Jat-Sikh community in the state OBC list 10 years ago. The district collectors and junior government officers have been turning away our requests for OBC certificates on the ground that the OBC list does not mention us,\" said Hardeep Singh Chahal, general secretary of the state Congress OBC committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135055", "title": "Five pilgrims killed, 18 injured in road mishap", "text": "KANPUR: Five pilgrims including a minor were killed and 18 other injured when a tourist bus rammed into a stationary truck under the Sikandara police station in Ramabainagar district on Tuesday.The injured have been admitted to district hospital, where the condition of few was stated to be critical.The mishap took place near Mudhadev village in Sikandara area at around 3 am, the police said.Five persons, who succumbed to injuries were identified as Dolly (32), Durgawati Rawat (28), her husband Pramod Rawat (30), Sunita Jaiswal (30) and a girl identified as Lucky (6) all natives of Maharajganj.The tourist vehicle belonging to Pandey bus service in Maharajganj district was on its way to Vaishnodevi from Maharajganj after a brief halt at Ayodhya. The police however have launched a manhunt to nab the absconding truck driver.Vehicular traffic remained paralysed for several hours after the mishap. The traffic was cleared only after two vehicles involved in the mishap were removed. Later, Circle Officer Sikandara, Asit Srivastava rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation. The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the bodies for post-mortem examination.Elsewhere, a 28-year-old tempo driver was killed while three others were injured in a road mishap under Ghatampur police station. According to reports, the police identified the victim as Usman son of Sher Ali, a resident of Jahanabad. The mishap occurred after Usman's tempo was hit by a speeding truck near Billu hotel on Jahanabad road. The injured have been rushed to a nearby PHC.Chain snatched: Unidentified miscreants snatched a gold chain from one Promila Raja, a resident of Ambedkarpuram in Kalyanpur. The incident occurred while she was on her way on a rickshaw when two motorcycle borne miscreants waylaid her from behind and decamped with her gold chain.Arrested: The police arrested four thieves from Barra area of the city here on Tuesday.The injured have been admitted to district hospital, where the condition of few was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134250", "title": "Pratibha Patil passes on 11 clemency pleas to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NAGPUR: After taking over as India's 13th president, Pranab Mukherjee will have one tough task on hands- to decide on mercy petitions of 11 death row convicts, including that of Parliament attack convict Mohammed Afzal Guru. Outgoing president Pratibha Patil left the fate of these 11 for the veteran politician to decide, as per information obtained from Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and President Secretariat under RTI Act by activist Subhash Agrawal.In her five-year tenure, Patil decided on 39 mercy petitions involving 21 cases from November 2009 to June this year. However, she faced intense criticism from all quarters for commuting death sentences of as many as 35 of them. These included those charged with serious and barbaric crimes like mass killings, kidnappings and rapes of as many as 22 women and children. She created record of sorts as far as disposal of clemency pleas is concerned. She rejected the pleas of five convicts that included killers of former premier Rajiv Gandhi and former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh.Her offering clemency to 35 convicts, whose cases were among the \"rarest of rare\", was most by any head of the state in the last three decades and earned her the tag of being most \"merciful\" president. In fact, it was Patil herself who had asked MHA to review the death penalties in 2008.As per RTI reply, as many as 91 convicts on death row had appealed for clemency since 1981. Of them, 35 petitions were accepted during Patil's tenure that began in 2007. Interestingly, India had voted against resolution banning capital punishment at the United Nations . The last person to be executed in India was Dhanonjay Chatterjee after his appeal was rejected by former president APJ Abdul Kalam .According to Agrawal, it would have set an example if Patil had personally heard family-members of victims brutally killed by these criminals. In some cases minor girls were gang-raped before being tortured to death. \"She must not have forgotten that Indian constitution makes president just a symbolic head for most purposes, and s/he must not interfere with apex court's decisions so liberally and legally mercilessly,\" he mentioned in his remarks.Warning the government of repetition of incidents like infamous hijack of IC-814 at Kandahar in Afghanistan by the terrorists to free Afzal Guru or even Ajmal Kasab , the veteran RTI activist demanded that the rule should be to decide on mercy-petitions within three months of their filing and hanging should be within one week of rejection.Death row convicts whose mercy petitions are to be decided by new president:1) Gurmeet Singh2) Dharampal2) Suresh and Ramji4) Simon, Gnanaprakash, Madaiah and Bilavendra5) Praveen Kumar6) Mohammed Afzal Guru7) Saibanna Ningappa Natikar8) Jafar Ali8) Sonia and Sanjeev10) Sundar Singh11) Atbir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134472", "title": "Three BMC hospitals lead in cardio procedures", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's first angioplasty was performed not in the five-star-like environs of a private hospital but in a civic hospital's medical school in central Mumbai. In 1987, Sion Hospital's cardiology department showed the country how blockages in the heart could be fixed without huge cuts and blood loss; only a thin catheter carrying a balloon travelled to the narrowed spot in the blood vessel and unclogged it. The duo who performed the landmark procedure, Dr A B Mehta and Dr D Pahlajani, are today counted among the country's leading cardiologists.Clearly, though Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray underwent an angioplasty in one of the city's poshest medical centres, Lilavati Hospital, a cursory look at hospitals run by the Sena-ruled BMC reveals a classy performance over decades. The country's first angiography was performed in Sion Hospital in 1978 by Dr M J Gandhi. The city's seniormost bureaucrats often land up at clinics managed by cardiologists of these teaching hospitals, the logic being doctors at medical schools have the best training and wide experience and are hence the best. \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan chose KEM's cardiology department for a checkup,'' said a doctor.KEM Hospital, the biggest corporation-run hospital located in Parel, boasts of two catherisation laboratories instead of one that most hospitals have. Cath labs are where minimally invasive heart procedures are performed. KEM Hospital's head of cardiology Dr Prafulla Kerkar holds the distinction of performing the most procedures in the world to fix holes in the heart's often forgotten areas, the sinuses of Valsalva.The BMC runs medical schools at each of its three super-specialty hospitals - KEM, LTMG Hospital in Sion and Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central. What differentiates these hospitals from private sector ones is that they perform procedures the latter wouldn't offer. \"We operate on children and pregnant women with rheumatic heart disease. These won't be offered in the private sector because they aren't too lucrative a proposition,\" says an old-timer.Research is another area. When Lancet published a study on worldwide trends in heart diseases, data from KEM's cardiology department helped understand that Indians get heart attacks at least a decade earlier than their western counterparts.An old student of KEM's medical school said, \"Two decades back, Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickal would come to Mumbai to teach cardiology at KEM.'' Chennai-based Dr Kalarickal performed Uddhav's angioplasty at Lilavati last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133597", "title": "4 pose as CBI officers, rob and stab woman", "text": "BANGALORE: Four college dropouts who went on a binge of mugging and looting were arrested after a woman victim called the police control room. Stabbed by the culprits, the woman did not panic and gave cops a description of the assailants that helped in the arrest.The accused are Sunil Kumar P, 19, of Tippenahalli, R Shashikumar 19 of Lakshmananagar, S Siddaraju 20 of Tilaknagar and N Rakesh, 19, of Sunkadakatte. On July 14 night, the four went to HB Amrutha's house in Nandini Layout. They'd been keeping a watch on Amrutha who had moved into the new address recently.\"Amrutha and one of her relatives were in the house when the youths knocked on the door, saying they were CBI officers and wanted to search the house,\" police said. When Amrutha didn't open the door, they told her that they'd just finished searching her neighbour's house. \"Amrutha opened the door and all the four barged in. Sunil Kumar stabbed Amrutha with a small knife in her neck when she resisted. Later, the gang fled with 23 grams of gold chain and one mobile,\" police said.Witnesses told police that the four had asked them the house address, stating that they were from a local LPG agency and the house members wanted to transfer their LPG connection to the new address. Six two-wheelers worth over Rs 4lakh were recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15134735", "title": "Man held for attacking lady doctor with acid", "text": "MYSORE: City police on Tuesday arrested a 60-year-old man for attacking a woman doctor with acid.Police said Chikkabasavaiah, 60, a resident of Vidyaranyapuram, had attacked doctor Mahalakshmi with acid in 2001. He had personal enmity with the doctor, who survived but sustained severe injuries.He was then arrested and the case was dismissed in a Mysore court. Later in February, the case was moved to the high court where he was sentenced to three years imprisonment. However after the sentence he was absconding.He was arrested from his relative's house in Siddalingeshwara Extension and produced before a court, which sent him to jail, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135229", "title": "Non-union auto drivers seek police protection", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 30 auto rickshaw drivers came to the city police commissioner's office and lodged a petition with deputy commissioner of police (law and order) Hema Karunagaran on Tuesday. In the petition, they sought police protection as auto drivers' unions had threatened them with dire consequences if they operated by the meter. City police commissioner A K Viswanathan said that stern action would be taken against any threats issued by auto drivers against other members of their community.On Monday, as a few non-union auto drivers waited for passengers near the Coimbatore railway station, the drivers belonging to unions waylaid them and threatened to thrash them if they followed the meter system. Even though police have assured them adequate protection, they fear for their safety. \"The unions have been threatening us and not allowing us to stop on the State Bank of India Road. They have been forcing us not to follow the meter system. So we fear for our safety and filed a complaint with the police,\" said M Anandan, an auto rickshaw driver.K Kathirmathiyon, secretary of Coimbatore Consumer Cause accused the district administration of lacking the determination to implement the meter system. They have failed to voice their support for those drivers who have agreed to charge by the meter. Both the police and district officials have failed to take action against the violators, he added.\"There is no provision in the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Act or City Municipal Corporation Act to start auto stands. But some drivers set up auto stands and fixed their limits. Autos in other cities are constantly on the move. But in Coimbatore autos are mostly found parked at stands as they refuse to take passengers for hire,\" said Kathirmathiyon.\"This is a good initiative for both auto drivers and the public. More people will use autos if the rates are reasonable. I plan to send a report to the transport commissioner. Based on the department's instruction, we will implement the system,\" said M Karunagaran, collector, Coimbatore district.K Sangameswaran, of Ramanathapuram is working in a private firm. He said that auto fares were very high in Coimbatore and Tirupur. The district administration should fix a common fare and this will be helpful for both the public and drivers, he said.A Santhosh, a scrap merchant said that middle class people could not afford to travel in autos in the city. He said he opted for taxis which were relatively less expensive. He urged the district administration to implement a system that is suitable to both drivers and passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133814", "title": "CBI court denies bail to forest, mine officials", "text": "BANGALORE: A special CBI court on Tuesday denied bail to suspended deputy conservator of forests S Muthaiah and retired deputy director of mines and geology K Raju. This is in connection with an illegal mining case related to former minister G Janardhana Reddy's Associated Mining Company and another mining firms. Arguing before special CBI court judge BM Angadi, CBI counsel said most witnesses in the case are subordinates of these two officials and there is sufficient material to show their active connivance in the crime.Notice to SomashekharaThe anti-corruption bureau (ACB) of Andhra Pradesh police, investigating the case of a judge allegedly bribed to obtain bail for former minister G Janardhana Reddy, has issued notices to two Karnataka MLAs to appear before it within three days. The notice was served on Karnataka Milk Federation Ltd chairman and Bellary Urban MLA G Somashekhara Reddy and Kampli legislator TH Suresh Babu. Somashekhara is Janardhana Reddy's brother.Yeddyurappa files advance bail pleaFormer chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has filed a criminal petition in the high court seeking anticipatory bail in a land denotification case, where Congress leader DK Shivakumar is also an accused. Justice V Jagannathan adjourned the hearing to Thursday on a request by the former chief minister's counsel. Lokayukta police have already filed a chargesheet against Shivakumar and others over denotification of 4.2 acres at Beniganahalli, off Old Madras Road.Kumaraswamy caseJustice V Jagannathan on Tuesday asked the special Lokayukta court to consider former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy's application seeking for exemption from personal appearance in a denotification-related case. The case relates denotification of 3.8 acres in Thanisandra village in 2007. Complainant Mahadevaswamy has alleged that Kumaraswamy, who was CM then, had denotifed the land at the behest of cabinet colleague C Chennigappa though the BDA had acquired the land and even formed sites in Arkavathy Layout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "the youth hostel association of india, margao unit, will organize a 'trekking cum environment tour' to the ghir forest in gujarat. the forest is famous for being the last home for asiatic lions. the other attractions are a trek to ghirnar parvat, a visit to junagad in saurashtra and a trip to the temple of lord somnath in amreli and diu. the tour will be conducted from november 16 to 23. for details and registration contact laxmidas mangeshker (ph", "code": "15134814", "title": "Tour to Gujarat", "text": "The Youth Hostel Association of India, Margao unit, will organize a 'trekking cum environment tour' to the Ghir forest in Gujarat. The forest is famous for being the last home for Asiatic lions. The other attractions are a trek to Ghirnar Parvat, a visit to Junagad in Saurashtra and a trip to the temple of Lord Somnath in Amreli and Diu. The tour will be conducted from November 16 to 23. For details and registration contact Laxmidas Mangeshker (Ph: 9822985151), Hemant (Ph: 7798604188) or Rajesh (Ph: 9822985151) on or before July 26.Friday Balcao at Mapusa: This week's Friday Balcao will focus on the social issues highlighted on Bollywood actor Aamir Khan's TV show 'Satyamev Jayate', and will be held on July 27, from 4pm to 6pm, at Goa Desc Resource Centre, Liberty Apartments, Feira Alta-Mapusa.Course on the Eucharist: The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, will organize a 'Deepen your faith' programme on the subject 'The Eucharist: The sacrament of love' at Porvorim and Mapusa dealing with various aspects of the Eucharist, including the new translation. The course will also take place on a weekly basis every Wednesday (7pm to 8pm) at Holy Family Church, Porvorim, from July 25 to August 29; and every Thursday (6.30pm to 7.30pm) at St. Britto's High School, Mapusa, from July 26 to August 30. Participation is free and open to all. For further details and reservations, call on 2776998, 2858323, 2776917 or 8805570108, or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.Conversational course in Portuguese: The Heritage cell of Rosary of commerce and Arts, Navelim, in collaboration with Communicare, Panaji , will conduct a conversational course in Portuguese Level I. The course will be held twice a week on Tuesday and Thursday from 3pm to 4.30pm in the college premises from August to October 9. The resource person for the course is Tanula Cotta. For details contact Alison Quadros at Rosary College (PH: 2736864, 2701564) before July 31.Jazz session at Nerul: Jazz Junction, which comprises Yvonne Gonsalves on vocals, Darryl Rodrigues on keyboards Colin D'Cruz on bass and Dennis Coelho on drums, will perform at the Sol hotel in Nerul on July 26. For details call on 6714141.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15131330", "title": "Decision on Ram temple during Kumbh: Praveen Togadia", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A decision on the construction of Ram temple at Ayodhya will be taken during the Mahakumbh as saints and office bearers of various Hindu organisations including the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) will deliberate on the issue, said international working president of VHP, Praveen Togadia. He was speaking to reporters here on Tuesday.Urging Hindu parents and guardians to enroll their children above 18 years in VHP, Togadiya said a membership drive will begin from August 10. The VHP aims to enroll around 11 lakh members in the drive, he said.On the rising number of suspensions of VHP members, Togadiya said there is no provision for suspending or ousting members at VHP. However, duties and reponsibilities may change from time to time if any complaints are received against a member or office bearer.Earlier, Togadia visited Asthan village in Kunda tehsil under Pratapgarh district on Tuesday and met the kin of persons lodged in jail in connection with the violence which took place few days back in the aftermath of rape and death of a minor girl.Togadiya said VHP will look after the families until the release of these persons from jail. The organisation would provide them all necessary assistance and extend help in all form, said Togadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15134652", "title": "Indian-American woman jailed for sex with minor", "text": "NEW YORK: A 46-year-old Indian-American ex-headmistress of a Manhattan prep school, sentenced to two-to-seven years in prison for bedding one of her students in 2007, has surrendered after all her appeals exhausted.Lina Sinha, a teacher in 1996 at the Montessori School that her parents owned and operated, had oral sex with a 13-year-old boy and was found guilty five years ago, but has evaded the sentence with a wide variety of appeals.On Monday, with all her appeals exhausted, her lawyer Jerry Shargel pleaded with judge Carol Berkman to reconsider her sentence because the charges were \"exaggerated\". \"This is a woman of every advantage, and she preyed on her victim for years,\" Manhattan supreme court justice Carol Berkman observed on Monday.\"She hijacked his life as a child,\" the judge said of the victim, who grew up to be a New York City cop and had compellingly taken the witness stand.Sinha had until Tuesday remained free on bail, pending appeal, for the five years since a Manhattan jury convicted her of a depraved predation that might never have been exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "amritsar/ferozepur/ludhiana/patiala", "code": "15135021", "title": "Double whammy for Punjab industry: Power cuts &amp; tariff hike", "text": "AMRITSAR/FEROZEPUR/LUDHIANA/PATIALA: Spiralling power prices in Punjab drew flak from domestic and industrial consumers in the state. Several industrialists have warned the government of possible relocation of their units if the power situation doesn't improve.\"There can't be a worse situation than this, industries across the state are on the verge of collapse due to irregular power supply,\" said president of Punjab Pardesh Beopar Mandal, Amrit Lal Jain. He said the furnace mill plants of Mandi Gobindgarh, foundry industry of Batala, woollen and the cycle industries in Ludhiana were facing acute problems due to unscheduled power cuts.Power cuts have almost brought the industry to a grinding halt in the state. President of Shawl Club India, Pyara Lal Seth said production had already gone down by almost 50%. \"We are not able to deliver orders and the recent power tariff hike will add to our losses,\" he said.Lack of power has also resulted in labour-owner disputes. President of Focal Points Industries Association Kamal Kishore Aggarwal said besides poor production, the irregular power supply has led to labour problems in the industry. \"Labourers fight with us if we deduct their wages,\" he said.Such is the situation in the state that industrialists are willing to pay higher rates, only if the power supply is uninterrupted. \"We are ready to pay the hiked power bills but we want uninterrupted power supply so that our work will not suffer,\" said Janinder Goyal, executive member of Beopar Mandal.What is hurting the industry most is the free power that the farming community is enjoying in the state. As an election promise, the SAD-BJP government had promised to continue with the free power supply to farmers.\"We pay higher prices for power but the government seems more interested in serving farmers, who have been getting free power. We have been suffering huge losses due to lack power,\" said Naresh Gupta, president of Patiala industry association.There are around 400 small and medium scale industrial units in Patiala. All have suffered losses in the past few months due to power cuts.Figures with the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) show that demand for power has jumped to 2,200 lakh units on Tuesday while only 1,817 lakh units are available with the PSPCL. \"To meet the 383-lakh-unit demand-supply gap, PSPCL has announced eight-hour power cuts on Tuesday,\" said sources in PSPCL.Ludhiana, the biggest city of Punjab, and an industrial hub, has been reeling under the worst power cut in the state. Avtar Singh, president, Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings, said, \"Power supply continues to be the biggest problem for the industry. We are at the government's mercy and can't plan a single thing. The government is bothered only about farmers who don't pay.\"Bobby Jindal , general secretary, Punjab Dyers Association, said, \"The production has gone down by 50%. Dying is a continuous process and it requires power supply continuously. The power cuts are so long and their frequency is so much that we cannot use even the generators as they also get heated up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134148", "title": "Manpower shortage hits patents processing", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Union Commerce Minister Anand Sharma, while inaugurating the National Institute of Intellectual Property Management (NIIPM) in the city last week, expressed concern over less number of patents being filed from the country, the government too appears slow when it comes to examining the applications.Patent applications keep pending due to lack of manpower. The data in NIIPM's brochure shows the office of Controller General of Patents Designs and Trademark, fares badly in clearing applications. Data for seven years till 2010-11, shows a gross mismatch between the patents filed by researchers and those examined and finally granted.In 2010-11, only 12% of the applications were finally registered as against close to 40,000 filed. This does not mean the remaining were rejected. Actually, only 25% of the applications were examined leaving the rest to be carried over for the next year. The data for 2011-12, will be only available once it is presented in the Parliament, said an official here.Sources said the department was facing a severe shortage of staff due to which there was tardy progress in the process of granting patents. The process takes over a couple of years and the examiners have to also wait for a reasonable period to receive any objections against a claim of invention. \"There is a shortage of staff. For example, a department examining patents relating to engineering has only 30 examiners though many more are needed. A proposal to recruit around 250 examiners in the short term is under way,\" said a source.Sharma in his speech too had spoken of the need of faster processing of the patent applications. In 2004-5 it was worse with just 6% of the applications being granted patents out of 15,000 filed and almost a similar number were examined. Many of those would have been carried over from the year before, said a source.In the later years, even the number of patent applications being examined is far beyond those filed. In 2005-6, out of close to 25,000 filed, just 10,000 were examined and 5,000 accepted. The ratio only slid in the following years. The worst performance was seen in 2009-10 when hardly 5,000 of the 35,000 applications filed could be examined and even fewer granted.The office, however, fares well in registering design applications. This is much easier job as only cases of changes in existing products have to be examined. In 2010-11, the government registered 9,000 design applications as against 8,000 filed. Applications for registering geographical indications, which are claims to the origins of agricultural commodities from a specific area, too are cleared fairly rapidly. Except 2006-7 and 2009-10 the applications filed and registered were almost equal.Staff woes affect training tooThe ministry of commerce has built NIIPM at a cost Rs 18 crore at Civil Lines. Currently the building spread over an area of more than 35,000 square-feet is only being used to train patent examiners. The same course was earlier undertaken in Nagpur though in a smaller premises at CGO Complex at Seminary Hills. Only the duration has been increased to three months from15 days earlier.Sources said the original plan was to have a state-of-the-art training centre with long-term courses offered even to outsiders. However, the department is unprepared for this job. \"How can we start advanced training, there is no other infrastructure except this building. Even the faculty will have to be recruited. A proposal for a housing colony has been recently put up,\" said a senior official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134539", "title": "Kidnapped 20-year-old escapes, still in shock", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old carpenter from Ambivli was kidnapped by a beggar mafia three weeks ago from Byculla railway station in Mumbai. He escaped from his captors and returned home claiming that a gang that would abduct youths, torture and maim them and later force them to beg, locked him up along with other youths in a Virar godown.Bablu Singh, 20, is still suffering from trauma and is finding it difficult to walk as both his legs were branded with an iron rod at least 17 times.Bablu who was held captive along with 30 to 40 boys in a godown said, \"In the last 18 days once I got a chance to run away but was caught by the gangsters who were keeping a watch on us.\"He also claimed that there were 10 to 12 gang members who were keeping watch day and night.Bablu said that recently he along with other four captives managed to escape from the godown when the gangsters were drinking on Sunday.Deputy commissioner of police Manoj Patil said he will investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135226", "title": "CM moves Centre over Andhra dam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Following media reports of Andhra Pradesh finalizing tenders for construction of the controversial multipurpose Polavaram project, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the prime minister urging him to immediately restrain the neighbouring state from going ahead with the project that had been challenged in the Supreme Court.The Odisha government for over five years has been constantly opposing the Polavaram dam project over river Godavari on the grounds that it would submerge more than 2100 hectares of land in 13 tribal villages in Malkangiri's Padia block.The state government has also objected to Andhra Pradesh not taking it into confidence while finalizing the project and even redesigned it for holding 50 lakh cusecs of flood water as against the initial capacity of 35 lakh cusecs. After repeated protests, which seemed to be yielding little, the state government moved the Supreme Court in October 2007 against construction of the project and to declare the environment clearance null and void, among others. The government also has since filed a series of interlocutory applications in the Apex Court seeking cancellation of the 'in-principle' technical clearance granted by the Central Water Commission (CWC) and forest clearance by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). The government contended that the technical clearance given to the project was in violation of the Godavari Water Disputes Tribunal (GWDT) award.he chief minister in his letter to the prime minister described the Andhra Pradesh action as 'extremely unfortunate'. \"The proposal of the government of Andhra Pradesh to have embankments is not a sound proposition and cannot be treated as measure to contain the submergence within the river banks during floods. No public hearing has so far been conducted in this district (Malkangiri). The construction of the project would affect the forest land and habitation of tribal people due to submergence likely to be caused by the project,\" the letter observed. He reminded the Prime Minister about his letter on the same issue on July 18, 2009, and requested him to order Andhra Pradesh 'immediately' not to proceed with the tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15136399", "title": "Apple CEO loves India but doesn\u2019t see much business here", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a conference call with investors and analysts on July 24, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that he loved India but there was little business opportunity in the country to sell the company's products.\"I love India, but I believe Apple has some higher potential in the intermediate term in some other countries. This doesn't mean we're not putting emphasis in India. We have a business there and it's growing but my own perspective is that in the intermediate term there will be larger opportunities outside (the country),\" he said.Cook was replying to a question from an analyst who wanted to know why Apple was not more successful in India. The conference call with investors was hosted after Apple declared the results for the quarter 3 of its financial year. The call was live streamed.Cook added that the distribution channel in India's was also a issue. \"The multi-layered distribution (In India) really adds to the cost of getting products to market,\" he said.While he did not elaborate the distribution difficulties the company might be facing, the company had usually preferred to sell iPhone , its flagship product and a cash cow at the moment, through partnerships with telecom operators. The operators subsidize the device for end users and recoup the money by binding customer to use their service for a year or two. But the 'contract model' for smartphone in India is virtually non-existent, forcing smartphone makers to compete directly with each other in the extremely price-sensitive market.Cook might also be alluding to the existing FDI norms in retail that might not be too conducive to companies dealing with consumer goods. Also, Apple prefers to own and control its supply chain and product distribution.In comparison, Cook sounded very excited about Apple's chances in China. \"We've been very focused on China, because we see it as an enormous opportunity for us,\" he said.While Apple has a relatively small but extremely vocal group of fans in India, its market share is still small. Analysts believe that smartphone market in India is dominated by Samsung , which has a market share of around 45%. Nokia and RIM, which makes BlackBerry phones, are two other companies that are strong players in this market.Sources put Apple's market share in the smartphone market in India in single digits. In December last year, IDC, a research agency, found that Android had a 42% market share in the smartphone market. In comparison, iOS , which powers iPhone, had a share of 3%.In the tablet market, the situation is believed to be somewhat better for Apple. But unlike in several other markets where the iPad has a huge lead over the competitors, in India Apple is one of the players in the market where Samsung, RIM and a host of other tablet makers are fighting for the lion's share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133430", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's son keen to contest from Jangipur", "text": "KOLKATA: With Pranab Mukherjee taking oath as the country's 13th President on Wednesday, the focus is now on the vacant cabinet berth from Bengal and the Jangipur Lok Sabha seat from where Mukherjee was elected for the first time in Lok Sabha in 2009.It isn't without reason therefore that Pranab's son Abhijit - a first-time MLA from Nalhati - has already expressed his desire to contest the seat vacated by his father and two MPs from Bengal -Adhir Chowdhury and Mausam Benazir Noor - appear ahead in the race for a cabinet berth.\"Abhijit Mukherjee has expressed a desire that he wants to contest from Jangipur. I told him he is most welcome,\" Congress MP and Murshidabad district Congress president Adhir Chowdhury said. \"The date for the by-poll from Jangipur has not been announced and I am not authorised to take any decision, but if he (Abhijit) contests from there, it will be an added advantage for us because Pranab Mukherjee has done a lot of development work for the constituency. We will win this seat if Abhijit contests,\" he said. Abhijit wasn't available for comment.AICC general-secretary and West Bengal in-charge Shakeel Ahmed said, \"Abhijit is not only an MLA, but also a Pradesh Congress general secretary. He is bright and young leader andwill be a good candidate. However, the Election Commission is yet to announce anything on the Jangipur by-poll, so it is very premature to comment anything.\" Ahmed also gave weight to the Pradesh Congress's plea to the party high-command for a cabinet berth from Bengal. \"This is a complete prerogative of the Prime Minister and the party high-command and I can't comment on it. But yes, as an AICC member in-charge of the state, I do wish someone from the state gets a representation in the cabinet,\" he said. A decision, however, appears remote before the August 7 vice-president polls. If Pradesh Congress leaders are to be believed Adhir and Mausam are clearly ahead for a cabinet berth. Another MP Deepa Dasmunshi is said to have an outside chance.But as a senior leader pointed out promoting Adhir or Deepa - the most vocal opponents of the Mamata Banerjee-led government - may not go down well with Trinamool Congress . \"Mausam may not pose such a problem,\" the leader indicated. Adhir himself, however, dismissed all these as speculations. \"All I know is that I am a very small foot soldier of the party and work under the directions of the President. I never have aspired for anything,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132374", "title": "Gautam Buddh Technical University implements its VIBGYOR indicator", "text": "LUCKNOW: Technical education imparted in the state is gradually losing its charm. This could be easily gauged from the fact that students who once yearned for getting admissions in technical institutions affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) are gradually walking out of the state in search of better options. Barring a few colleges, the condition of technical institutions in the state is alarming.However, in a bid to help colleges perform better, GBTU has come out with a performance analysis report of engineering students studying in various technical colleges in the state.With the performance report, one can easily assess the standard of education being imparted in these colleges.The report based on second, third and final year students on a cumulative performance spectrum control chart named as VIBGYOR (seven pointer) shows that as many as 54 institutions are below average, while 14 have been put under 'cause of concern' category. The report, however, shows three colleges - Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (AKGEC), Ghaziabad, Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology (KIET), Ghaziabad, and Kamla Nehru Institute of Technology (KNIT), Sultanpur, being termed as 'excellent'.The performance report of the first year BTech students on a seven-point scale shows that 46 colleges are 'below average', while 16 belong to 'cause of concern' category.As per the performance of the first year students, the university has put six colleges under 'excellent' category. This includes, Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET), Lucknow, Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering and Technology (BIET), Jhansi, KNIT, Sultanpur, Pranveer Singh Institute of Technology (PSIT), Kanpur, MMM Engineering College, Gorakhpur, Shri Ram Murti Smarka College of Engineering and Technology, Bareilly.The report divided into two parts comprising one for first year students, and the other for second, third and final year students is based on the gross average intellectual attainment (GAIA) index.The basis of computation is the sum of all marks of all students in all subjects in theory exams divided by the total number of students who took the final examination. The seven-point scale on which the performance analysis is done is categorised as - V for excellence, I for very good, B for good, G for average, Y for satisfactory, O for cause of concern, and R for poor.Commenting upon the performance report, GBTU pro-vice-chancellor, Prof VK Singh said, \"The report is not to say who is good or who is bad. It is rather to encourage the colleges to perform better. Through the report, they would know where they stand and accordingly can work better.\"When asked about the decline in the standard of technical colleges in the state, Prof Singh said, \"Earlier, limited students used to opt for engineering education. But today, anyone and everyone want to pursue it. The class education has been converted into mass education and the result is clearly visible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15135173", "title": "2 vehicle lifters held, 6 mobikes recovered", "text": "VARANASI: Busting a gang of vehicle lifters, the Mirzamurad police on Tuesday arrested two of its members and recovered six stolen motorcycles.According to SSP B D Paulson, acting on a tip off the Mirzamurad cops cordoned the Sadhu ki Kutia area on Allahabad-Varanasi GT Road.In the meantime, two suspicious looking youths on two motorcycles were noticed moving in the lane reserved for kanwariyas. When the police asked them to stop they tried to flee from the scene. The police succeeded in nabbing one of them while other managed to escape after abandoning the vehicle.The arrested youth was identified as Nasim alias Karia of Pindra area. He was riding on motorcycle ((UP 65 BB 4660), which was lifted from a hospital. The miscreant who fled was identified as Ishu Singh alias Akash of Bhikharipur area.During interrogation, Nasim informed the police that after lifting motorcycles from different localities of city, he and Ishu used to sell it to Baijnath, who runs an automobile service center in Rohania area.The police raided Baijnath's service centre and arrested him. The police recovered four motorcycles, which were sold to him by Nasim and Ishu, from his store.Boy ends life: Shibu (9), a student of class VII ended his life by jumping in front of a moving train near Manikala village under Khetasarai police station in Jaunpur district on Tuesday. According to reports, Shibu along with his seven-year-old cousin Arwind, was enjoying a swing. While playing the little boys quarreled after which Shibu ran towards the railway tracks and jumped before the moving train. He died on the spot.One killed in group clash: While a man was killed and another injured, a woman sustained serious injuries in a group clash in Babu ki Khajuri village under Mehnagar police station in Azamgarh district on Monday night.According to reports, in a dispute over a mango tree, two groups clashed in Babu ki Khajuri village on Monday night. In this incident Tripurari Pandey, his wife Sadhna and Trilochan (42) sustained serious injuries.Initially they were rushed to a local hospital where on noticing sharp deterioration in their condition, the doctors referred them to Varanasi. But Trilochan died on the way.Police were investigating the matter after registering a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133633", "title": "Airport Metro: Probe panel gets 3 months to fix responsibility", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a month after the Airport Metro Express was shut down for repair, the urban development ministry has set a time limit for the enquiry committee formed to fix responsibility for the defects. On Tuesday, the two-member committee was given three months to submit its report, said ministry sources.The ministry has also decided to appoint a third party to overlook the rehabilitation work, said officials. \"The monitoring of the rehabilitation work will be done by a third party to ensure that defects are addressed to both the Delhi Metro and Reliance's satisfaction,\" said a senior official. According to officials, the rehabilitation plan for the defects found in 540 bearings has been approved by the railways, which is overseeing the rectification work.Following the rectification, the joint inspection committee will also look into the work needed in the girders. \"Prima facie, these cracks don't seem to be serious. However, more investigation is needed before a solution can be decided,\" said a senior official. If found serious, these cracks will need a \"stronger\" rehabilitation process, said sources. \"In an extreme case, the girders may need to be recast,\" added the official. This will be decided though, only after a thorough inspection of the girders is undertaken.The enquiry committee that had been set up by the urban development ministry consists of two members \u2014 A K Gupta, additional member (works) in the Railway Board, and D Deeptivilas, additional secretary, urban development ministry.While Delhi Metro will carry out the repair work, Systra, the company that originally designed the airport line, will also be involved. The official added, \"While DMRC will deploy the rehabilitation team, Systra will be the design consultant and ensure that its specifications are followed.\"The joint inspection committee of Delhi Metro and Reliance had submitted its report last week. It had found several defects along the Airprot Metro Express's elevated line. While 25% of the bearings will require some degree of repair, the girders, too, are found to be cracked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15131251", "title": "Freight corridor work to begin soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting between officers of North Central Railway and Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation India Limited was held at NCR headquarters here on Tuesday.NCR general manager Alok Johri said with the construction of the freight corridor, movement of trains would be more effective on the busy routes. He assured all support for the completion of the project.Managing director of Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation India Limited RK Gupta said work will begin shortly in the territory of North Central Railway from Mughalsarai to Khurja. Tendering process for the work of stretch from Bhaupur to Khurja has already been initiated.Land acquisition between Mughalsarai-Bhaupur is going on fast pace and compensation for nearly 70% land has been paid.The total length of DFCCIL corridor from Mughalsarai to Dadri is about 780 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "moti nagar", "code": "15133283", "title": "Tamanna, Naseem have best hennaed hands", "text": "MOTI NAGAR: With the advent of monsoon and Teej being celebrated all over the city with full fervour, Everest Public Senior Secondary School, Moti Nagar, organized a mehndi competition and a cultural event to celebrate the festival of swings.The function was organized on the school premises for the students. Soaked in true festive spirit of Teej, the students came dressed in traditional Punjabi attire to add colour to the celebrations.Adding to festive ambience, the tiny tots presented a colourful cultural programme, complete with folk songs and dances.A Teej mela was also arranged for kids who looked overjoyed and attended every bit of it. Kheer and malpure were specially prepared for the kids on this occasion.The event was organized and brought together by cultural programmes in charge Shashi Sharma, who motivated the students to participate in such cultural activities.The best hennaed hands competition was a big hit among students of senior classes.Tamanna and Naseem Ara grabbed the fisrt and second positions, respectively, in the contest.The girls from secondary and senior secondary classes performed gidda, bhangra and also enjoyed kikli.On the occasion, principal of the school, Asha Sharma, appreciated the efforts of the students and motivated them to participate in similar activities. She also distributed sweets and prizes among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15134877", "title": "NBFC dupes customers in Biharsharif", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Dreams of dozens of poor fathers, who wanted to marry off their daughters with the money they were supposed to get as maturity amount from a non-banking financial company (NBFC), in which they had invested their hard-earned savings on high return, was shattered to learn that the company has downed its shutters on Tuesday.As the Patna-based NBFC known as Central Co-operative Swawalambi Karamchari Ltd. had been working here for more than 15 years, also trapped hundreds of businessmen who opened recurring accounts with the company on high returns reportedly robbed off crores of rupees.Amarchand Sao, a vendor who was to receive Rs. 46,000 from the company on Tuesday said he went to the company office on Saturday to submit documents related to maturity claim but no official was present there. Peon of the office asked him to come on Monday and on that very day the office was locked and the mobile phones of the officials were switched off.On Tuesday morning dozens of account holders, who were to get their maturity claims agitated before the office of NBFC located in a rented accommodation at MG road. They then went to the Central Bank, which is the official banker of the said NBFC, where they were told that the company had withdrawn its entire deposit over Rs 3 crore two days ago, said Pappu, a vegetable wholesaler, who was to receive Rs 2lakh and his uncle Rs 8 lakh on maturityThe aggrieved persons met Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal on Tuesday, who assured them of every possible action against the culprits. DSP Shams Afroz said an FIR against the local manager, Sudhir Kumar, and cashier Subodh Kumar was being lodged with the Laheri PS and soon they will be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130962", "title": "10k engineering, pharmacy seats vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At the end of second round of admissions, 10,413 degree engineering, pharmacy seats have remained vacant.After two consecutive mock rounds, the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) officials said that of the total 50,052 seats, 10,413 seats have remained vacant. Of these, there are 7,674 seats have remained vacant in engineering and 2,713 seats have remained vacant in pharmacy colleges.After the first round, 12,500 seats had remained vacant. Officials said that students who had appeared for the supplementary exams will be offered admission on these seats if they pass the exam and meet the eligibility criteria.There are certain students of the central board who have also not got admission. These seats will be offered to them as well.ACPC officials said that while there is no dearth of professional seats in the state, the seats have remained vacant either in branches which have lost favour with the students or in colleges which do not have impressive infrastructure.Officials said that most students preferred to opt for mechanical engineering this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15134157", "title": "Pratibha Patil urges nation to weed out graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before demitting office, President Pratibha Patil chose to focus on tackling the scourge of corruption saying that it was the enemy of good governance and asked government and people to collectively fight it.\"Corruption is the enemy of development, and of good governance. It must be got rid of. Both the Government and the people at large must come together to achieve this national objective,\" Patil said in her farewell address to the nation.The President also spoke about the coalition era. She said elections are now bringing in governments that are mostly coalitions and legislatures composed of many parties.\"There are regional aspirations as well. Expectations are rising and the people are seeking quicker responses to their problems. It is in these settings that promises are to be met, duties to be performed, and results to be delivered,\" she said.She said the essence of democracy should also be internalized so that it is reflected in our patterns of behaviour. \"Negative attitudes spread cynicism and despair, which is not in the interest of our country,\" Patil said.The President asked people to refrain from being dismissive, insensitive to the needs of others and callous about what is happening around them.\"Stability and success of democracy in India, rests on social harmony, responsible behaviour, positive attitude and commitment to values. The Constitution of our country must be fully respected,\" she added.The President said with the region facing terrorism and extremism, \"we cannot let down our guard\".Voicing distress over the presence of social evils like dowry, child marriage, the practice of female foeticide and infanticide, she said this was causing a lop-sided gender-ratio. \"Instances of violence against women are very disturbing. These are totally unacceptable and must be opposed by one and all.\"Government, social organizations, NGOs and other voluntary bodies all have to work collectively. Laws on these subjects have been passed and could be reviewed. Also, I believe, passing laws is not enough by itself. There has to be a social effort for creating awareness, beginning with the family, so that young minds imbibe the right values,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133447", "title": "Two more cocaine peddlers in police net", "text": "KOLKATA: Two more persons were rounded up by officers of the detective department in connection with the cocaine cartel that has its tentacles spread across the city, taking the total number of arrests to nine active in the city.Melvin Vincent and his associate Abhijit Das were nabbed on Monday night and remanded in police custody after being produced in court on Tuesday afternoon. Thirty grams of cocaine was also seized from the duo.The arrest of Vincent and Das has however revealed that a large number of young city businessmen - especially people from the world of modelling and entertainment - frequent rave parties organized mostly in south Kolkata households.On interrogating the duo, they revealed names of some people who work as agents and organizers of rave parties. \"The use of such party drugs is mainly limited to private parties where the host invites some very close people,\" said an investigator. He also hinted that names of some popular personalities from the world of entertainment have cropped up during the probe. They are regulars at rave parties. of the city entertainment world have been cropped up who are regular in such parties.Even people from other states join such parties, said an investigator. With the arrest of these two, the total number of arrest in connection of the cocaine cartel rose up to nine and police have reasons to believe that more people are still at large who are directly involved.Investigators claimed that the cocaine peddlers in the city have no proper peddling zone, claimed investigators. Some agents maintain contacts who have connectionwith the organizers of different rave parties across the city. The agents get in touch with contact the peddlers either over phone or through net. Accordingly, a place is decided and the to the order, the agents used to collect the consignment handed over to agents. from any place.Police said the entire gang used to deal inside cars and most of them have expensive cars. Police said that Vincent conducted the peddling in the garb , the 42-year old person hails from Patuli area of south eastern fringes of the city and he used to work under the facade of a water purifying machine trade. The 42-year-old lives in Patuli on the south-eastern fringes of the city. Das, on the other hand, is a Naktala resident. Vincent was a ground-level peddler and used to collect small quantities of cocaine and hashish from his up chains run by Dauglas and Metland. In 2008, Vincent was arrested by Kolkata Police with hashish but then the sleuths failed to get any trail of the cocaine trade. He was released on bail after seven months and had rejoined the gang.by that time investigators could not get any clue of the cocaine trail. Within seven months he was released on bail and once again joined the cartel.The interrogation of Vincent and his aide Abhijit, a resident of Naktala revealed some names who work as agents and organizers of rave parties. \" The use of such party drugs are mainly limited in private parties where the host allow some close people,\" said an investigator. He also hinted that names of some popular personalities of the city entertainment world have been cropped up who are regular in such parties. Even people from other states also join such parties, said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15131782", "title": "BJP takes up Amarnath deaths with Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Voicing concern over 97 deaths of pilgrims during the ongoing Amarnath Yatra, BJP on Tuesday demanded extension of the pilgrimage period and proper medical facilities and accommodation for the 'Yatris'.A seven-member delegation of the party MPs, including Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , met home minister P Chidambaram and urged him to take urgent steps to prevent death of pilgrims and ensure proper facilities for them.Sources said that the home ministry conveyed the issues raised by the BJP leaders to Jammu and Kashmir Governor N N Vohra, who is also the chairman of Amarnath Shrine Board. There were 114 deaths during the Yatra last year.\"We have urged the home minister to take urgent steps and do the needful to extend the tenure of the Yatra and provide facilities to stop such death that has created anguish across the country,\" Swaraj told reporters here after the meeting.She claimed one of the major factors behind such high mortality this year was because of drastic squeezing of the Yatra duration from the usual 60 days to only 39 days, and blamed Amarnath Shrine Board for the \"chaos\".\"The problem has also got aggravated because of a severe 'queuing' system introduced this year. When the number of pilgrims to Amarnath should be between 10,000 and 20,000 per day, around 40,000 to 42,000 pilgrims are visiting the Shrine every day,\" she said.Swaraj, the leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, said the situation had become more complicated because the queuing system made pilgrims \"suffer\" between two and five days in high altitude areas in the midst of heavy rains and extremely cold weather.She said the rush also caused severe shortage of medical facilities and accommodation because the existing number of tents and huts could in no way cope up with the sudden surge of the pilgrims.Swaraj said they have told Chidambaram that had the Shrine Board taken some precautions earlier, many of the deaths could have been prevented. She raised the issue of construction of a ropeway for the benefits of pilgrims, an idea first mooted by former state Governor Lt Gen (retd) S K Sinha.Swaraj also cited the example of Vaishno Devi shrine where many facilities are being provided to the pilgrims who visit the temple the year round.Referring to the Amarnath Yatra, she said, \"This is a Yatra of Hindu-Muslim unity. This is a Yatra which contributes to the economy of Jammu and Kashmir.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138064", "title": "Koel Mallick is the daughter of?", "text": "Koel Mallick is the daughter of Bengali actor Ranjit Mallick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134363", "title": "Sasikalaa nephew makes his debut in masala flick", "text": "CHENNAI: Look out Kollywood, there's a new 'Bas' in town. V Baskaran or Bas -- Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikalaa's nephew -- has turned hero and his Tamil action film 'Thalaivan' will hit the screens in a few months.While Baskaran, in his 40s, is the first member from the Sasikalaa household to don the grease paint, he is not new to the world of media. The younger brother of former MP T T V Dinakaran was the managing director of JJTV during Jayalalithaa's first term as chief minister between 1991 and 1996.Celluloid heroes taking the political plunge is not new in Dravidian politics. There was matinee idol M G Ramachandran, who was Tamil Nadu chief minister for nine years, film thespian Sivaji Ganesan , who dabbled in politics for a while, actor Vijayakanth, who heads the DMDK, and of course, Jayalalithaa, a successful heroine of the 1960s and 70s.\"I have been a fan of MGR since my days in college. And I have always wanted to act in films. My experience in JJTV has given me an idea about the film industry,\" says Baskaran, who has been pumping iron for at least two hours a day to build his body for his new avatar as action hero. \"He has reduced more than 15 kilos of weight for the movie,\" says his proud producer P Chithiraiselvan.Incidentally, the title Thalaivan is also the title of an old MGR movie. \"I wish to start my career with MGR's movie and we got permission to use the same name from the producer,\" says Baskaran. The shooting for the film has already begun and two schedules have been completed in Chennai and its suburbs. The film is being directed by B S Ramesh Selvan, who was the director of 'Ulavuthurai', which starred Vijayakanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15134433", "title": "Should wearing of helmets be imposed in cities as well as rural areas?", "text": "If the rule is going to be imposed all over the state then it would make sense. The reason being if the rule stipulates that the rider wear a helmet along a particular stretch, then normal tendency is to find another route to reach your destination where you can avoid using a helmet. Hence, in order for the rule to work, the rule would have to be imposed all over the state. This would mean a rider on any road, should not be seen without a helmet.Anslem Noronha Website Manager, AldonaIt would be inconvenient for pillion riders to carry a helmet around. Although good, it seems impractical. But riders should be made to wear helmets. In other countries, people riding even cycles are made to wear helmets. So why shouldn't bikers. But this needs to be implemented all over for it to work. It makes sense to wear a helmet all through a journey whether in urban or rural areas. You can meet with an accident anywhere.Aaron Paul Fernandes Assistant professor, PilerneYes, I think helmets should be made compulsory in both rural and urban areas because the number of accidents due to reckless driving is increasing each day. Although it may seem inconvenient to wear a helmet, if this rule is enforced, it will eventually grow on us. At the end of the day, a person's life has more importance than a neat hairdo.Schalk D'Souza Student, VernaThe wearing of helmets should be made compulsory only in cities. In rural areas, motorists drive slowly and hence the wearing of helmets does not become essential. Enforcing the helmet rule in rural areas is a difficult task as well.Gabriela Pereira Business, Taleigao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15134669", "title": "Ponda municipal council moots waste treatment at Kerye", "text": "PONDA: About three years after winning a legal suit, Ponda municipal council (PMC) is once again mulling over a garbage treatment plant in its plot at Kerye-Khandepar in Curti-Khandepar village panchayat jurisdiction. The then PMC council had also inspected several plants to choose a better one for the town. However, it never materialized.Speaking to mediapersons in Ponda, PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui said, \"The PMC is going ahead to set up a 30 metric tonne garbage disposal plant at the cost of 8.97 crore on the land purchased way back in 2003-04 at Kerye-Khandepar. We have also sought intervention of CM Manohar Parrikar to fund the plant fully from the municipal administration funds,\" Dangui said.The council has also dropped plans to dispose the garbage in land owned by its chief officer Pradeep Naik at Honda in Sattari due to transportation costs. PMC is also mulling on fining those throwing waste on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15135014", "title": "Imphal remembers 'fake kill' victims", "text": "IMPHAL: The family members of reformed rebel Chungkham Sanjit and Rabina Devi, who were killed in a fake encounter by Manipur police commandos on July 23, 2009 at Khwairamband bazaar in Imphal, have demanded that the government punish the guilty cops.Besides the two, five civilians were also hurt in the firing that triggered a protracted civil movement against the 'fake encounter'. The CBI, which is still investigating the case, recently submitted its chargesheet against nine police personnel, including officers in the case.The families of the victims have demanded that action against those police commandos involved in the killing be taken at the earliest.On Monday, a large number of people paid floral tributes to the two victims. Leaders of the Apunba Lup and several civil bodies, family members of the victims, human rights activists and locals paid floral tributes to the two souls at a community hall at Lamsang in Imphal West on the occasion of the 3{+r}{+d} death anniversary of the two. A public meeting was also convened at Lamsang where speakers expressed dissatisfaction over the slow progress in the case's investigation. They also renewed their call for scrapping the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132979", "title": "Life term for killing wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for strangling his wife on the basis of the deposition of his seven-year-old son who had seen him committing the offence.\"Testimony of the child witness is found credible and acceptable. It is corroborated by the circumstance that accused with his wife and this child witness had come to the workshop premises at Jafrabad, Delhi, on the night of August 31, 2010 and the victim was found murdered on its roof,\" district judge J R Aryan said while convicting Rambir.The court gave credence to the statement of the child who said on the fateful day, Rambir (35) had consumed liquor and when his mother asked for money he refused to give it to her. The child added that Rambir was infuriated after his mother took out some money from his pocket and strangled her with an iron rod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135118", "title": "Trendy rakhis rule the market this year", "text": "INDORE: As the festival of Rakshabandhan is round the corner, the markets in city are all abuzz with fascinating rakhis. The festival will be celebrated on August 2 this year.Variety of rakhis like stone Rakhis, Zari-Zardozi Rakhis, China-made toys rakhis for kids are attracting customers the most.Anjana Kushwaha, who runs a rakhi shop with her mother in Vijaynagar, says \"Children love toy rakhis. Dinosaurs, clown-faced and stone rakhis are more in demand,\"While the retailers are having a good sale this year. The rakhi manufacturers and wholesellers in Indore are also facing a huge demand. \"We had to work hard to meet the demands this year. Traditional Rakhis like, resham, zari, zardozi, are in trend like every year, but the rage this year is the ornate stone work. The children rakhis too have a huge market. \"We get China-made toys and assemble them here. These toys attract children so we also keep a track of what cartoons are in this season. Angry-birds and Ben10 rakhis are popular this year\" says Vijay Mangal owner of Jhilmil Rakhi at Sapna Sangeeta. He has been a manufacturer, a wholeseller and a retailer since 1972.Another wholeseller Sandeep Jain, owner of Utsav Rakhis situated in Ada Bazar says, \"Ranging from Rs 5 a good Rs 500, rakhis have a huge market. Traditional rakhis made of materials like resham, zari, zardozi, pearls despite being very expensive find many customers.\" \"However, even the traditional rakhis are not made in the same style they used to be. We try to give the rakhis a designer look to meet the demand of customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138729", "title": "Naavika is now set for release", "text": "Naavika means sailor. Sailing through the production and post production the debut direction of Sen Prakash is all set to go before the censor board with its first copy. Binoculars Samsthe producer G Narasimha intends to release 'Naavika' in the third week of August 2012.'Naavika' is about two youths Manishchandra and Shravanth Rao. \"It is not a just a love story but there is something more in it,\"says Sen Prakash. Swathi, Estar Jannath, Shobaraj, Tennis Krishna, Ninasam Ashwath, Sudarshan, Padmini Prakash, Nagaraj Kote, Darling Vishwa, Chidanand, Aradhya, Manjunath Jambe, Chiranjeevi and others are in the cast.Rangaswami Bilugali has lent the story for this film and Director Sen Prakash has penned the screenplay for this film.Source: filmglitz.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129372", "title": "Heat on candidate for dance at poll rally", "text": "MUMBAI: A public meeting held to garner votes saw women dancers take centrestage in Bhayander (W) on Sunday.The corporator, Mahipal Jain (40), who had roped in the dancers to keep the voters entertained has now been booked for poll code violation.Jain, a first-time Congress candidate from ward 21 of Bhayander (W), had sought permission to hold a public meeting from 7pm to 10pm on 60-Foot Road in Bhayander (west) to campaign for the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation ( MBMC) election slated for August 12.Jain had arranged for an orchestra. Initially, bhajans were played but these gave way to dancers performing to Bollywood item numbers. Jain has been booked under Section 171 (wearing garb or carrying token used by public servant with fraudulent intent) of the Indian Penal Code by the Bhayander police. Interestingly, it was only on Tuesday that Jain had filed his nomination papers .Additional superintendent of police (Thane rural) Sangramsinh Nishandar said Jain had permission to hold a public meeting and not host an orchestra.Sources alleged some of the women were professional bar dancers who had been paid to perform during the meeting. The police could not confirm this claim. No case has been made against the dancers.Sources said Bollywood item numbers were chosen to hold on to the crowd till the arrival of former Congress MLC Muzaffar Hussain. Jain told TOI that an orchestra was arranged to keep the crowd entertained and the dances were not vulgar.Hussain told TOI that he had not seen the dance clippings, but insisted that it was an orchestra. , but insisted it was an orchestra. \"I started my speech at 9.35pm and was done by 10pm. If anything about the rally was illegal, I wouldn't have been there in the first place,\" said Hussain.Congress leaders blamed Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for creating a controversy. They said dancers may have gone overboard owing to the response from the crowd, but they were not vulgar or against public viewing. They said that the crowd of over 2,000 people had stunned their opponents.Jain is pitted against NCP MLA Gilbert Mendonca's brother Steven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134253", "title": "Sahyadri buffer not notified to protect political interests?", "text": "NAGPUR: Notifying buffer zones around tiger reserves is mandatory as per the amended Wildlife Protection Act (WPA) of 2006, but even two years after Sahyadri in Western Maharashtra was declared a tiger reserve the state government is yet to notify its buffer.The state had notified Sahyadri Tiger Reserve (STR), along the crest of western ghats in Kolhapur wildlife division, on January 5, 2010. The STR consists of Chandoli National Park (317.67 sq km) and Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary (423.55 sq km).Declaring a buffer zone is important, due to pressure from projects like mining, roads, resorts and wind mills that want environment clearance in the vicinity. Going against this principle, the state is trying to protect such projects, which have come up in a big way around Sahyadri, and hence delaying notification of buffer area.A Supreme Court bench of justices Swatanter Kumar and Ibrahim Kalifulla on Tuesday warned of contempt proceedings and imposition of exemplary costs on states which fail to notify buffer zones around reserves.Chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi said, \"Plan to notify STR will be expedited; it is almost ready. We are waiting for National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) decision to clear rationalization of the boundary of Koyna sanctuary.\"However, as per minutes of the 25th NBWL meeting held on June 13, the board agreed to regularize over 1,000 land deals, besides 10 resorts and 215 windmills that have come up in the ecologically sensitive zone of STR.The NBWL has recommended exclusion of these projects from the buffer and rationalization of Koyna sanctuary on the grounds that Maharashtra will instead notify proposed sanctuaries like Rajmachi (122 sq km), Sudhagarh-Tamni (220.18 sq km), Tipagad (52.4 sq km), Isapur (121.55 sq km) and Kolamarka (187 sq km).Naqvi justified rationalizing of Koyna sanctuary, saying Sahyadri should not be a paper tiger reserve.However, rationalization of Koyna will be subject to a PIL filed by local NGO led by Nana Khamkar in Bombay High Court, and an application before the centrally empowered committee (CEC) regarding violation of Wildlife Protection Act 1972 and Forest Conservation Act 1980.Khamkar told TOI that attempts to delay Sahyadri buffer notification were made to clear controversial projects that had been allowed to come up near the tiger reserve bypassing forest and wildlife laws. He added that without taking the Centre's nod, state had announced the development of the New Mahabaleshwar hill station and included 14 Koyna villages in it. In a few years, most of the land in the villages has been sold illegally.Member of state's buffer zone committee Kishor Rithe admits it is essential to notify buffer of any tiger reserve. In case of Sahyadri, since final notification and denotification of Koyna sanctuary is in process, the delay in buffer is considerable.\"Hope the government will do it soon, once sanctuary final notification and critical tiger habitat (CTH) renotification is settled,\" Rithe added.The apex court had twice - on April 4 and July 10 - asked the state to notify buffer of Sahyadri but state failed to comply. If the state fails to comply within three weeks, it shall be saddled with a cost of Rs50,000, recoverable from principal secretary (forest) of the state concerned.The court also imposed a cost of Rs10,000 each on Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Bihar , Maharashtra and Jharkhand for not complying with its orders.Forest secretary Praveen Pardeshi did not reply to a query sent to him.Rationalizing KoynaKoyna Wildlife Sanctuary was notified on September 16, 1985, under section 18 of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. The notified area of the sanctuary is 423.55 sq km, which includes 229.45 sq km forest area and 198.02 sq km non-forest area. The enquiry officer appointed under WPA 1972 for the enquiry into Koyna had conducted enquiries between 1995-1998 under sections 19 to 25 of the said act and submitted their reports to the district collector. The enquiry officer and subdivisional officer, Karad, had passed orders for exclusion of non-forest area of 14 villages of Patan taluka of Koyna sanctuary, admeasuring 99.65 sq km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134242", "title": "Man falls off bridge at railway station, dies", "text": "JAIPUR: A 58-year-old man fell down from the stairs of a foot overbridge at Jaipur railway station and died on Tuesday. The victim was with his wife and a friend when the mishap occurred.According to the police, the deceased, Vijay Kumar , was a resident of Vaishali Nagar. \"He was a businessman and had gone on a religious trip to several places including Haridwar,\" a police officer said.He added that he had returned to Jaipur by Haridwar Mail around 4.15 am. \"He had got off the train at platform number 2 and was using the foot overbridge at platform number 1 for coming out of the station building when the mishap occurred,\" said the officer.\"It seems he stumbled and fell down about 25 steps of the overbridge. He sustained serious injuries on his head resulting in his death. RPF personnel rushed him to a hospital where he was declared brought dead. We have handed over his body to the family members after conducting postmortem,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134457", "title": "Uddhav bed-ridden, talk of Raj visiting uncle", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray was admitted to Lilavati Hospital on Tuesday. A close relative said on Tuesday that the Sena chief was under observation in the hospital and no one was allowed to meet him. His son Uddhav, who has been advised complete rest following his recent angioplasty, was confined to Matoshree.\"Balasaheb has been resting, and he is absolutely fine. There is no cause for worry,'' a Sena functionary said. Several senior Sena leaders, including Subhash Desai, a Thackeray protege, and Mumbai north-west 'vibhag-pramukh' Anil Parab, visited the hospital to inquire after their leader's health.\"Uddhav is quite keen on being at his father's bedside. However, he can't step out of Matoshree as he has been advised complete rest,'' said a family friend.The senior Thackeray's health problems include ischemic heart disease as well as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Bal Thackeray underwent a bypass surgery in the mid-1990s. The late Dr Nitu Mandke had operated on him at Hinduja Hospital, Mahim. A few years later, he was diagnosed with COPD, a condition in which the airways in the lungs become so narrow that the flow of air is limited and the patient feels short of breath. Despite reports of minor ailments, the senior Thackeray hasn't been admitted to hospital for long spells\u2014except for his angioplasty in 2009.The Thackeray family's recent hospital visits began a fortnight back when Uddhav first went for a stress test. He thereafter underwent a coronary angiography, a diagnostic test to find out the extent of blockages in the heart's blood vessels, on July 16. Doctors at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra Reclamation then recommended a cardiac bypass surgery, but Uddhav preferred to undergo an angioplasty, which is a minimally invasive procedure to remove blockages in the heart. He was treated by cardiologist Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickal, who had operated on his father three years back.Meanwhile, speculation was rife in political circles that Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray may call on his uncle Bal Thackeray at Lilavati hospital. Raj had visited Lilavati last Monday following Uddhav's angiography. He later drove Uddhav back to Matoshree from the hospital.Raj was also at Lilavati when Uddhav underwent an angioplasty last Friday. The re-union of the two cousins has fuelled talk in the Sena and the MNS of a political reconciliation between the cousins. Raj had quit the Sena in November 2005 and floated the MNS six months later.Sena activists were glued to TV sets in 'shakhas' across Mumbai to see if Raj would step into Lilavati to visit his ailing uncle.However, the MNS chief has said that one should not read too much into his visit to his ailing cousin at Lilavati.\"These are two different issues. There is no need to look at it through the political lens,\" Raj Thackeray had said when asked whether any political truce was expected with his estranged cousin. He also asked the media \"not to read too much\" into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "15134760", "title": "3 girls escape from Karnal shelter home", "text": "KARNAL: Close on the heels of sexual abuse exposure at Rohtak's Apna Ghar, three inmates fled a local shelter home for destitute women - Nari Niketan. One of them is a minor girl who managed to escape on Sunday night. The other two are residents of Jhajjar. The duo gave the slip to the cops standing guard at Nari Niketan on Monday night. They were accompanied by another girl who failed in her escape bid and tried to slit her wrist when caught by the security men. She was rushed to the trauma centre and is stated to be out of danger.Deputy commissioner Renu Phulia has ordered a magisterial probe into the entire episode.Around eight inmates had recently been shifted from Apna Ghar to Nari Niketan and the nabbed girl was one among them.\"We are examining the facts and police parties have been dispatched to various places to recover the missing trio. We have recorded the complaint in the daily diary report (DDR) of the city's police station,'' Shashank Anand, the Karnal superintendent of police, said.Phulia rushed to Narin Niketan to take stock of the situation. She went around the premises and ordered the officials to take corrective measures to ensure such an incident is not repeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135086", "title": "Tribal hostel inspection: Differences in versions to the fore", "text": "BHOPAL: The team from the child rights commission that went for inspection at the Kamla Nehru SC/ST girl's hostel on Tuesday found discrepancies in versions of the students who had complained of partial treatment and mental torture against the warden.Chairperson state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) Usha Chaturvedi said, \"There are 270 girls in the hostel. Why preferential treatment was meted out to them? Also, two of the complainants were staying as guests in the post matric hostel, a fact which was hidden during the time of complaint.\"The commission is also mulling vested interests of the NGO run by Singh. \"We are looking at the angle where the girls may have been brainwashed to register complaint against the warden. Today, we have only recorded the versions of the warden Sangeeta Thakur, other hostellers and the girls who complained. Also, we have collected documents pertaining to rules of entry,\" Chaturvedi said.The inspection team on Tuesday comprised Usha Chaturvedi and members Asha Yadav, Vijaya Shukla, R H Lata and Vibhanshu Joshi.Deepti Singh, founder of Priyadarshini NGO on July 18 had registered a complaint on behalf of four students, who were being mentally tortured, beaten and were thrown out of the hostelCarmel matter still pendingUsha Chaturvedi, chairperson of SCPCR talking about the suicide bid of the class XI Carmel Convent student said according to the SP, the report from the forensic science lab at Sagar was still awaited. Also, the student Shafali Sharma has been taken out of the school by her parents and readmitted in some other school, said Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15135478", "title": "Wildlife activists oppose lighthouse at Dhamra", "text": "Kendrapada: The construction of a much needed lighthouse at Dhamra port area has hit a hurdle with forest and wildlife officials opposing the project on the ground that it would cause impediments for Olive Ridley turtles to come to Gahirmatha rookery for mass nesting.The regional director of the department of lighthouses and lightships in Kolkata, K P Singh, said, \"Dhamra is a major port and fishing harbour. A lighthouse needs to be located here for navigational needs. It sends out signals to vessels about their route. It cannot be shifted elsewhere.\"Environmentalists, on the other hand, feel the lighthouse will pose a threat to turtles coming to the Gahirmatha sanctuary for mass nesting. The light emanating from it may mislead the newly hatched turtles towards the lighthouse rather than towards the sea.\"A lighthouse at Dhamara would pose danger to the Olive Ridley habitat as the nearby coast is their nesting place,\" said Sudhanshu Parida, an environmentalist and the secretary of the district unit of People for Animal.Explaining the need for the lighthouse, a senior fishery officer said, \"The new lighthouse would provide navigational assistance to fishermen andships at sea. A 162-year-old lighthouse at Batighar in Kendrapada district has been lighting the sea since its establishment by British naval officers. But turtles have been coming to the nearby beaches since time immemorial. A lighthouse only emits light for a few hours in the night to guide the ships and fishing vessels. It will not affect the movement of the turtles. Even the light of the lighthouses can be masked during the mass-nesting period of the turtles. Each year during the nesting season, officials of Defence Research and Development Organization ( DRDO) at the Wheeler Island near the world's largest rookery of turtles at Gahiramatha beach mask their lighthouses to facilitate the arrival of turtles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15137815", "title": "Boy tumbles down the school staircase, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class six student of PT Lee Chengalvarayar Higher Secondary School, who tumbled down the stairs in his school eight days ago, died at the Government General Hospital on Wednesday.On June 18, Vijay, a resident of Kannappar Thidal near Choolai, tried to slide on staircase railings from the first floor instead of walking down the stairs when he slipped and fell.He sustained head injuries. He was first taken to a private hospital on Poonamallee High Road and later shifted to the Institute of Child Health in Egmore. His health condition worsened and he was moved to the Government General Hospital for further care. He died on Wednesday. Police said body will be handed over to his family after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134165", "title": "Cattle deprive kids of Tatya Tope Nagar playground", "text": "NAGPUR: Fourteen-year-old Rohit and his younger brother Rupesh Thakre both are an avid football fans and also love to play the game. The locality where they stay- Tatya Tope Nagar- has a huge open ground too. However, they cannot play football here as the ground currently acts as a resting place for over 50 cows.According to local residents, the locality has two open spaces, one is a park and the other a huge playground. \"There are at least 100 families living around the playground. But nobody from our locality has been able to use this ground since the last two years. Some cattle owners have virtually encroached the ground for their cattle. Interestingly, these cattle are taken to their respective sheds during morning and evening hours where they are milked but return to the ground for the remaining period,\" pointed out residents.Despite repeated complaints of cattle menace at the playground, there has been no action by the civic officials. It is not just the loss of playing space that hurts. Presence of cattle has created unhygienic conditions in the locality with rise in menace of flies and mosquitoes. There is also increased risk of deadly Chandipura virus as sand fly that spreads it thrives in cattle sheds.\"I have filed many complaints with NMC's Laxmi Nagar zone office but they have not taken any action. It is also preventing children from using the huge playground,\" Ramesh Morone, a resident said. \"The civic administration should erect fence around it to prevent cattle from coming in,\" he urged.Another resident, on the condition of anonymity, alleged, \"earlier, the problem of stray cattle were not so severe. These cattle owners seem to be attached with some political parties which is why the NMC is being lenient.\" Another resident said they had nothing against cattle, but they cannot be allowed at the cost of accidents and traffic blocks. \"Stray cattle on the ground give a wrong signal. Cattle and other animals which are let loose on the playground are also responsible for filth, squalor and outbreak of diseases. The civic officials must enforce rules against cattle roaming the streets,\" he added.NMC's veterinary doctor Dr Satish Bhoyar confirmed having received complaints from residents. He assured to intensify patrolling of impounding trolleys in the locality. \"We will also issue notices to cattle owners,\" he added. He also pointed out that the corporation had been organizing special drives to remove such animals but in the absence of strong laws, they were back in no time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133795", "title": "Selling defective mobile costs dear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Accusing a city-based mobile vendor of selling a defected handset to customer and then failing to repair it, district consumer disputes redressal forum here has imposed a fine on it. Besides, they have been directed to refund the price of the mobile.\"I had purchased a Fly mobile from Anmol Watches in Sector 22 on February 4, 2011 for Rs 3,690. But soon after its purchase, some problem cropped up in its speakers and the mobile started hanging. I visited the authorized service centre and handed over the mobile for repairs. Though they repaired it, problems persisted,\" said Neha Sharma, the complainant, a resident of Mohali.\"I visited the service centre nine-ten times, but to no avail. Ultimately, their staff refused to repair it and said there was no speaker available for replacement. Though handset was covered under warranty, they also refused to replace it with new one,\" she added. Thereafter, the complainant served a legal notice, but to no effect; so she approached the forum. However, nobody, on the part of opposite party, appeared for hearing.The forum observed, \"As opposite party has failed to repair the mobile handset, despite taking it number of times, it is presumed that there is some inherent manufacturing defect in the handset. In these circumstances, failure to replace it or refund its price amounts to deficiency in service on their part.\"Forum has directed the opposite party to refund the actual price of the handset to the complaint. Besides, they have been directed to pay Rs 5,000 as litigation cost and a fine of Rs 2,000 as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15135135", "title": "Water level of Ganga decreasing in city", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga, which was on rise during monsoon, has started showing a receding trend in Varanasi and Mirzapur for last two days. However, the water level was constant at Ballia on Tuesday while the river also started receding at Ghazipur.According to the daily flood bulletin released by the Middle Ganga Division-3 of Central Water Commission, in Varanasi the water level of Ganga increased up to 2.160 metres from July 18 to 22, but in last two days the river receded up to 0.330 metre.Similarly the river also swelled up to 2.440 metres at Mirzapur during this period, but in last two days the water level showed receding trend on Monday and Tuesday with a decrease of 0.930 metre.While the receding trend of the river had been recorded at Varanasi and Mirzapur for last two days, it showed constant flowing trend at Ballia and receding trend in Ghazipur on Tuesday. In last one week the river rose up to 1.5 metres at Ballia and 2.430 metres at Ghazipur from July 18 to 23.According to the records, the Ganga was flowing at the level of 66.090-metre at Mirzapur, 61.810-metre at Varanasi, 55.690-metre at Ghazipur and 52.340-metre at Ballia on Tuesday.At all the places the river was flowing below its normal levels. It was flowing 2.425 metres below the normal level at Mirzapur, 1.850 metres below at Varanasi, 1.508 metres below at Ghazipur and 1.336 metres below the normal level at Ballia.The records of CWC showed that for last one week Mirzapur witnessed the maximum 107.8mm rainfall followed by Varanasi (87.6mm), Ballia (7.6mm) and Ghazipur (3.6mm).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135227", "title": "Decomposed body of alcoholic electrician found at home in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 32-year-old man, an alcoholic, was found dead in his house at V K K Menon road in the city on Tuesday. The dead body was in a decomposed state and a rotten stench emanated from the house. Police were alerted and the body was retrieved from the house and sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post mortem.The deceased has been identified as C Muthumanikandan of V K K Menon Road in the city. He was an electrician living on the second floor of an apartment belonging to Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board. He had married Shanthi, 27 of Variety Hall Road in the city, four years ago and the couple had a three year-old daughter.Muthumanikandan was a habitual drunkard and failed to support his family financially. He quarreled with his wife often. Shanthi had separated from her husband last year and returned to her parent's house taking her daughter along with her.Police said Muthumanikandan's mother C Nagammal, 60 and his elder brother C Mahendran, 40, were rag pickers, living with Muthumanikandan in the same house. He had stopped going to work and began consuming alcohol in large quantities. He was often in a drunken state. Sometimes, he prevented his mother and brother from entering the house. Thus, Mahendran took to the public platforms while his mother Nagammal stayed with her daughter in VKK Menon road. They stopped living with Muthumanikandan.On Tuesday, a bad smell emanated from Muthumanikandan's house. When Nagammalvisited her son she came upon his decomposed body. Residents gathered at the house and Race Course police was alerted. They rushed to the spot and retrieved the body, sending it to CMCH for post mortem.\"He was an alcoholic. No one noticed his absence until a bad smell emanated from his house. We have registered a case under section 174 CrPc and an investigation is on,\" said sub-inspector Sakthivel, Race Course police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134944", "title": "Reducing salt in your food can cut cancer risk", "text": "LONDON: Cutting down on salty foods such as bread and breakfast cereals may reduce the risk of developing stomach cancer, a study has found.Eating too much salt is not all about sprinkling it over fish and chips or Sunday lunch, the vast majority is already inside food.WCRF, a UK charity that gives advice on how cancer can be prevented through diet, physical activity and weight, said that people should take less salt and the content of food should be labelled more clearly.Too much salt is bad for blood pressure and can lead to heart disease and stroke, but it can also cause cancer, the 'BBC New' reported.The recommended daily limit is 6 g, about a level teaspoonful, but the World Cancer Research Fund said people were eating 8.6 g a day.Some food labels list the sodium content instead of the amount of salt \u2014 sodium is a component of salt. To work out how much salt a food contains, multiply the sodium content by 2.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15131333", "title": "Crackdown on pipeline theft at Borivli", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic workers succeeded in tracing three water pilferage pipes inside a drain in Borivili (West) on Monday, following repeated complaints from the New Link Road Residents' Forum about water theft near IC Colony in Borivili.The BMC, along with the proactive forum members, zeroed in on the location of the pilferage, swung into action to sever three illegal pipes and rectified the problem. Cracking down on the pilferage has helped save lakhs of litres of water.The BMC releases water to Ward Number One in Borivli at midnight through a main one-foot-wide pipeline. This water, though, would get illegally diverted into three plastic pipes inserted inside the pipeline. These pipes would carry the water to the neighbouring Ganpat Patil Nagar slum.In order to enter the drain, the BMC workers had to break a promenade and then cut the illegal connections.\"The pilferers crawled inside the drain, drilled the BMC main waterline and inserted a pipe into it. One such location was just outside the BMC's Tukaram Omble Garden at Borivli. Three connections were created out of one pipe there,\" said Harish Pandey, chairperson, New Link Road Residents' Forum.A civic official from the hydraulic department said, \"The damaged mainline will be replaced. We have temporarily plugged the holes.\"Other than add to water shortage woes and fear of further cuts, there were also complaints of gastroenteritis due to water contamination in the locality.\"Incidentally, the crude fashion in which the BMC lines were damaged led to seepage of waste into the main pipeline, which was further abated by rainfall,\" said Pandey. \"All political parties are aware of water theft but seem to lack the intent to curb this ill. We have requested the BMC to file an FIR and trace the culprits with the help of the police.\"Last year, the forum was successful in ensuring that two such culprits from the water mafia from Mumbai and Thane region were penalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131549", "title": "Railway cops find runaway teen near Mehsana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 13-year-old teen, who fled from his home after a scolding at school, was found by Government Railway Police (GRP), Mehsana, on Monday hours after the incident. Parents of the teen brought him back on Monday night.According to GRP officials, a team led by assistant sub-inspector Amarsinh Thakor was aboard Falna-Ahmedabad local when he spotted a teen in school dress. When it was found that the teen was from Ahmedabad and without any parent accompanying him, police took him with them to Mehsana railway station.\"He was identified as Himanshu Mudadiya, 13, a resident of Avenue Apartment, Ramnagar, Sabarmati. His parents were called up, who confirmed that Himanshu was missing since morning as he had not attended his classes at the school. His parents came and took him back with them,\" said a Mehsana GRP official.Investigators said that Himanshu was scolded at school for being irregular in bringing homework and his teachers had threatened to take him to the principal. Himanshu said that he was afraid that the matter would reach to his home and thus he went to Sabarmati railway station and boarded general compartment of the train he first spotted. GRP officials said that after the incidents of missing kids, the personnel have been asked to question every child found aboard without any accompanying adult in suspicious condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134180", "title": "India Against Corruption indefinite fast from Wednesday", "text": "NAGPUR: Team Anna's core members will sit on an indefinite fast from Wednesday at New Delhi demanding action against tainted politicians. For the first time, Arvind Kejriwal will join the indefinite fast to answer detractors who accused the entire team of putting Anna Hazare's health on the line whenever an agitation was called. In Nagpur too, members of India Against Corruption (IAC) will start their protest in support of the bigger agitation in capital.City coordinator of IAC Ajay Sanghi said, \"this protest is being held for three specific demands. We have given names 162 Lok Sabha MPs and 39 Rajya Sabha MPs who are tainted and our first demand is that they should all be tried in special fast-track courts and cases decided within six months. Second, we want ongoing CBI investigations against all party heads to be handed over to an independent Special Investigation Team (SIT) or they can make CBI independent. Third, we want the SIT should probe charges against 15 union ministers whom we have named.\"While Anna won't be joining the fast from Wednesday, sources said if the government did not agree to their demands within four days, the Gandhian too will begin indefinite fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132794", "title": "Deadly Tuesday: 9 murdered in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: There were a total of 13 unnatural deaths, including nine murders, on Tuesday in Delhi. Those killed included two senior citizens, both women, who were stabbed to death in Rohini. Robbers killed them two in separate attacks and fled with cash and jewellery, in a span of 45 minutes.The victims, Shanti Devi and Rasam Devi, both 65, lived barely 500m apart in Sector 3 of Rohini. The robbers seemed familiar with the neighbourhood. They broke in easily and escaped on foot.Tobacco firm manager shot dead in Moti NagarA 52-year-old administrative manager of tobacco manufacturing company Pan Bahar was shot dead in west Delhi on Tuesday morning. The victim, Nirmal Jain, had just stepped down from an autorickshaw in front of his Moti Nagar office when a man shot at his chest, snatched a black polythene bag from him and fled the spot on a motorcycle along with two accomplices. The incident took place on Shivaji Marg, about a kilometer away from the local police station.Jain, who suffered one bullet wound on the right side of his chest, was rushed to a hospital but he was declared brought dead. His body was taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital for postmortem.Cops say that murder motive is unclear as Jain's bag only contained his lunch and some office papers. The assailants did not attempt to snatch his wallet or mobile phone. Jain was carrying cash worth Rs 19,000 in his pocket that was untouched. \"He was an administrative manager and was not responsible for transporting the company's money. The case is being investigated from all angles,\" said additional commissioner of police (west) V Renganathan.Investigators are working on some leads though the identity of the assailants has not been established yet. \"We have rounded up a few witnesses who have provided some description of the assailant. He wasn't wearing a mask and was apparently young. Chances of the incident being a robbery attempt are slim as robbers usually attack only if there is some resistance from the victim. In this case, the assailant just walked up to the victim, shot him and snatched the bag,\" said a senior cop.Senior investigators said that the murder appeared to be premeditated as the assailants were already present in the area. \"They had probably done a quick recce of the area and were waiting for Jain. Personal rivalry could be a motive. We are questioning Jain's family members and friends for possible leads,\" said a police officer.Jain's family refused to comment on the incident.Robbers target Rohini homes, kill 2 womenTwo senior citizens, both women, were killed by robbers in Sector 3 of Rohini on Tuesday night.The first house the trio broke into was G30, where 65-year-old Shanti Devi lived with her husband and son on the ground floor, while four other sons lived in the floors above. It was around 1.45am and Shanti Devi was sleeping in the living room. Her husband and son were in the bedrooms inside.Family members and police say the robbers were familiar with the layout of the house and opened the door by reaching for the bolt from the adjacent window.One of the robbers remained outside to keep watch while the other two looted the house. Shanti Devi's son, Bheem, woke up after one %of the robbers entered his room, but his resistance was in vain. \"I caught him and tried to scream for help, but to my shock, one of them had gagged my mother and was holding her hostage. Soon, my father woke up and took them on, but suddenly, a man rushed in from outside and stabbed my mother repeatedly. She fell and began to bleed but there was nothing we could do,\" recalls Bheem.\"The robbers then ran out, locking the door from outside. One of them came back and threatened us again with his knife.\"The family called up police around 2am. Police reached within minutes and Devi was taken to Jaipur Golden Hospital where she died of her injuries.Even as the cops were trying to gather details of the crime, another call came at 2.40am, about a murder and robbery in D17, barely 500m from Shanti Devi's flat.Having fled from G30, the robbers had made for D17, where 65-year-old Rasam Devi lived alone. Rasam Devi's husband had died a few years ago and her only daughter lived on the first floor with her husband and eight-year-old son. The way to their flat was from outside through an iron staircase.The robbers broke open a glass window pane below the AC on the ground floor and made their way in. The trio ransacked the house and when Rasam Devi woke up, stabbed her at least four times on her back and stomach and fled. Shocked and bleeding, the woman managed to make it up the stairs and press the calling bell of her daughter's flat. The family called up police and took Rasam Devi to hospital, where she died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133718", "title": "SC seeks report of action taken against Army personnel in weapon selling case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday asked the defence ministry to file a status report detailing action taken against 72 personnel found guilty in Army proceedings of illegal sale of weapons to traders and private persons.After a PIL filed by advocate Arvind Kumar Sharma drew the court's attention to the nexus between Army personnel and illegal arms traders, the Union government had filed three reports in the court detailing how the racket operated in the border districts of Sri Ganganagar and Bikaner in Rajasthan.A Court of Inquiry report of September 25, 2008 had found 72 Army officials guilty of selling ammunition and imported arms in violation of Army Orders and Arms Act 1959.The counsel for defence ministry informed the court that action as per the Court of Inquiry report was initiated against those found guilty. However, a bench of Justices S S Nijjar and H L Gokhale sought a fresh status report within a week.In addition, the bench directed the Rajasthan government to file the status report on the progress of investigation into the 14 FIRs registered against bureaucrats, who allegedly aided and abetted the illegal sale of Army weapons.The state in its August 2010 affidavit had informed the court that the anti-corruption bureau was investigating the 14 cases and that most cases were ripe for filing of charge-sheet. However, in some it was delayed because of delay in grant of sanction for prosecution of the public servants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133028", "title": "India added 1.25 lakh km of roads per year in last 8 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's push to give more accessibility to rural areas and improve old roads continues to gain strength. In the past eight years, at least 1.25 lakh km per year was added to India's road network. Moreover, the percentage of surfaced road - both concrete and bituminous - has increased significantly from 49% in 2008 to 54% in 2012.The latest data compiled by the road transport and highways ministry shows that the total length of roads till 2012 stands at 47 lakh against 37.2 lakh in 2004. While there has been increase in all categories of roads, major growth has been registered in the rural roads category, says the soon to be released report.\"There has been major increase in the construction of roads under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) and stretches built by local bodies like zila parishad. We are getting better quality roads. While the road length has increased, the percentage of surfaced stretch has also gone up. PMGSY roads are all surfaced stretches while other local roads are both surfaced and unsurfaced,\" said a ministry official.There has also been an increase in the length of national highways (NH). While it was 70,000 km in 2008, it increased to 76,818 km in 2012. \"But there is nothing to feel great when we are trying to compete with China. Nearly 70,000 km length in China is access-controlled highway whereas our focus has been to provide some kind of link -- whether surfaced or unsurfaced - to different parts of the country,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15135362", "title": "Haryana minister opposes acquisition of fertile land", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When the Hooda government in Haryana is facing sharp criticism from opposition parties on the issue of land acquisition, state cabinet minister, Ajay Singh Yadav, said on Tuesday that he is not in favour of acquisition of fertile land for industries.\"I have been saying time and again that only barren land should be acquired for industrial purposes, not the fertile soil,\" said Yadav, admitting that the land being acquired in Rewari district is fertile. Farmers had torched a police station, held several policemen hostage and blocked the Delhi-Jaipur highway on Sunday, after police opened fire to control protests against land acquisition in Rewari district.\"Majority of farmers doesn't want land acquisition,\" admitted Yadav. \"There may be the issue of (insufficient) compensation behind protest by farmers,\" said Yadav, who has been raising his voice on the issue of land acquisition in Haryana.Referring to the agitation by farmers in Rewari, Yadav said, \"Land in over 12 villages near Bawal town of Rewari district has already been acquired. Now land is being acquired in another 16 villages in the same district. The situation reaches a saturation point after acquisition of large tracts of land.\"Explaining the reasons behind resentment among farmers, leader of BJP legislature group in Vidhan Sabha, Anil Vij, said, \"In the past, the government had sold dreams to farmers in the name of SEZ. But their dreams were shattered as they found nothing on the ground, even after so many years.\" If the government wants to restore the confidence of farmers, then all the land bought or acquired by government or private players in the name of SEZ should be returned to them, he demanded.\"I don't understand why the government always target fertile land for acquisition. Even for nuclear power plant in Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district, fertile land is being acquired despite stiff opposition from farmers,\" said Vij, demanding that all land acquisition proceedings should be stopped as a bill on the issue is still pending in the Lok Sabha.Senior leader of Haryana's main opposition party, INLD, Rampal Majra, said that land acquisition process should be initiated only after consent by farmers. \"Continuous protests by farmers have exposed the claims about Haryana's land acquisition policy. Farmers in Gujarat not only get land developed for industries, but also get employment and residential plots in lieu of their acquired land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15127546", "title": "CBI raids state electricity board chief engineer's house, office", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Tuesday conducted raids at Ranchi and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh in connection with alleged irregularities in purchase of equipment by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB).The raids were conducted by separate teams from Ranchi at the office and residence of JSEB's chief engineer (purchase) S Singh.Sources in the CBI said the chief engineer was allegedly involved in purchasing transformers worth around Rs 17 crore from a blacklisted company. \"All the transformers, which include 44 of five MVA and 19 of 10 MVA, were of poor quality and proved to be dead asset for the state,\" said a CBI officer supervising the investigation of the case.During the raids at office and residence of the chief engineer, the CBI sleuths found documents related to purchase of faulty transformers and bank accounts, the officer said adding that the documents proved that the JSEB officials, including the chief engineer, knew that the company from which they were purchasing the transformers was blacklisted by the state government.The CBI is investigating two cases related to purchase of faulty and substandard equipment by the JSEB following a Jharkhand high court order. The other case investigated by the CBI is related to purchase of substandard electric meter in 2007. A total of 31,000 meters were purchased at the rate of Rs 501 each against the quoted price of Rs 363 each in the tender. The total cost incurred by the JSEB was around Rs 43 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133948", "title": "\u2018Centre to make IIT-Ropar world class\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dr Ashwani Kumar, Union minister of state for planning, science &amp; technology and earth sciences reviewed the working of CSIR-CSIO (Central Scientific Instrumentation Organization) at Chandigarh on Tuesday.Kumar said it was necessary to ensure a convergence of work being conducted under different platforms to avoid duplication of research and to ensure functional and financial efficiencies in scientific research and development.The minister said the Centre is encouraging IIT, Ropar, to build a collaborative relationship with elite and globally high ranking institutions in US and UK for developing the said IIT into a world class centre of educational and research excellence. He identified bio-technology, solar energy , supercomputing, robotics, aerospace, synthetic biology, molecular computing, regenerative medicine, genome sequencing, precision instrumentation, agronomics and material sciences as some of the areas where India must excel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134532", "title": "Engineering student leaps to death after being scolded by warden", "text": "CHENNAI: Scolded by college officials, a 20-year-old engineering student committed suicide by leaping from the hostel on the top floor of the institution's main building at Chinna Kolambakkam near Madurantakam, around 75km from Chennai, late Monday night.Police have registered a case of abetment to suicide under Section 306 of the IPC against two professors, who are also in charge of the hostel at Karpaga Vinayaga College of Engineering and Technology, in connection with the death of R Vaideswari, a second year BE student. Investigating officers said Joseph Miranda and Karthika are likely to be arrested soon.Vaideswari's father S Ramasamy, who rushed to the college from his home in Thiruvannamalai when he heard about his daughter's death, said she had been severely reprimanded by hostel officials even though she had done nothing wrong. Students told him that Vaideswari appeared to be humiliated after the officials shouted at her when she returned to the hostel around 7pm on Monday following a trip home for the weekend.Ramasamy filed a complaint with the Kancheepuram police in which he held Joseph and Karthika responsible for his daughter's death and demanded a probe of the incident.\"Vaideswari telephoned me to say she had reached the hostel safely,\" Ramasamy said. \"Students said she appeared to be depressed when she left her room. She jumped from the building a little while later.\"She was rushed to Chengalpet Government Hospital and later to Government General Hospital in Chennai where she died of her injuries.College authorities have refused to comment, saying a inquiry is underway. A postmortem was conducted at Government General Hospital in the city before the body was handed over to the family. Ramasamy said the last rites will be conducted on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134864", "title": "Nearly 9,000 attend Goan fest in Britain", "text": "LONDON: The Save Goa campaign stall drew much attention as a record crowd of an estimated 9,000 British Goans attended the annual British Goan Festival in Hounslow, organizers said. Two British Labour MPs-Keith Vaz and John McDonnell-were among the VIPs at the event organized by The Goan Association (UK).Vaz, of Goan origin, with his family put in a brief appearance. Among the celebrities was Miss India 1966 Rita Faria Powell, also of Goan origin, with her husband.The Goan Voice UK reported: \"In ideal weather conditions, an estimated crowd of over 9,000 turned up for this mega event which probably witnessed the largest ever turnout of Goans outside Goa.\"McDonnell visited the Save Goa campaign stall put up by Carmen Miranda , a Goan-origin British resident, to highlight the environmental destruction due to illegal mining in Goa. A few days earlier, the issue of illegal mining in Goa reverberated in the British parliament after being raised by McDonnell, the MP for Hayes and Harlington, who married Cynthia Pinto, in 1995.McDonnell tabled a motion in the House of Commons to raise this issue and asked the British government to bring pressure on the Goa government to save its natural resources. There has been some opposition from a legislator in Goa who calls this \"interfering in the country's affairs\". McDonnell feels environmental damage is a global problem. Miranda said she expects the issue to be consistently highlighted in the British parliament.The event began with an open air Mass with hundreds attending. Goans from across Britain attended to keep in touch with Goa with traditional food, songs and games for children. The food stalls were the main attraction.Goan singers and comedians regaled the crowds in Konkani. Visiting tiatrists from Goa including Sammy Tavares, Lawrie Travasso and Aniceto, sang and performed. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15130438", "title": "Minister directs municipal corporation to remove encroachments on drains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Municipal administration minister M Maheedhar Reddy has directed Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials to remove all encroachments on storm water drains immediately. The minister on Tuesday held a review meeting with GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu on the recent inundation in the city.Maheedhar Reddy instructed the GHMC commissioner and Hyderabad collector to start a drive to remove encroachments and acquire land, if required. He directed revenue department officials to pay Rs 1.5 lakh ex gratia to each deceased person in natural calamities and another Rs one lakh per person by the GHMC from the mayor's discretionary funds irrespective of the age of the victim.On removal of encroachments, the minister said he would convince local people's representatives on the necessity of widening storm water drains, especially Nagamaiah Kunta nala, as the issue was pending since long time due to opposition from locals though sanctions were already given under JNNURM. He assured better rehabilitation package to the victims of nala encroachments on the lines of irrigation project packages.Maheedhar Reddy asked the corporation to take up intensive sanitation, fogging and anti-larval operations in the 73 areas which were inundated due to recent heavy rain. He instructed the managing director of Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS &SB;) and GHMC commissioner to take up a drive to clear silt and sewage.He directed GHMC engineering officials to be more cautious in recarpeting roads as he was receiving several complaints over quality of roads. He also suggested that GHMC put in a rider on maintenance for five years while awarding contracts for laying roads.The minister claimed that some people were forging documents without mortgaging properties to the GHMC and they were even registering property on their names. He directed the GHMC commissioner to conduct verification of all properties which were mortgaged during the last one year and asked zonal commissioners to crosscheck them physically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133797", "title": "Cancer patients plead for ban", "text": "BANGALORE: Gowramma, 51, a daily wage labourer from Kanakapura, suffered acute toothache about 20 years ago. A neighbour suggested she stuff tobacco under the troublesome tooth. She felt better, the pain almost stopped. Gowramma, as a precautionary measure, continued keeping tobacco under her teeth. Over time, she became addicted to tobacco and paid the price with a cancerous food pipe as she was unaware of the side-effects of chewing tobacco. Her cancer spread to parts of her stomach and was detected only in the fourth stage. Doctors had no option but to remove the food pipe.She has survived cancer for a year now, but has undergone sustained therapy. Like her,many other survivors of tobacco-related cancer on Tuesday narrated their sufferings and pleaded with political leaders to bring in stringent tobacco control policies in Karnataka. They submitted a charter of demands to chief minister Jagadish Shettar and other ministers, MLAs and MLCs at an event organized by the Institute of Public Health. \"Politicians at the event unanimously showed their willingness to ban smokeless tobacco products in Karnataka. There has been no official announcement but we hope a decision will be taken at the earliest,\" said Dr Vishal Rao, director, Cancer Prevention Project, IPH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15134452", "title": "Kavlem ryots cry foul over sewage dumped in nullah", "text": "PONDA: The draining of sewage into the nullah that flows through Ponda is raising a stink in nearby villages.Residents of Kavlem village, 2.5km from Ponda town, are worried that the polluted waters will affect their fields. The village panchayat too has expressed \"deep concern\".For three months now a night soil tanker has been spotted draining its contents into the nullah from the retaining wall of a private property belonging to a former politician.Kavlem sarpanch Rajesh Kawlekar told TOI on Tuesday that villagers are worried that the sewage will pollute the nullah's waters.The water is used for farming in the village and the contaminated water will also lead to health problems among locals, he said.The Ponda Municipal Council, meanwhile, has stated that the tanker isn't the one run by the civic body.\"The PMC does get sizeable revenue from its tanker. But the tanker has been under repairs for the last three months. We are trying to have it repaired at the earliest to stem our losses,\" said chairperson Rukmi Dangui.She added that the tanker is at a workshop in Fatorda.Asked where the tanker would drain the sewage when it was in operation, neither Dangui, chief officer Pradeep Naik nor any other PMC official could reveal the exact spot. Dangui and Naik said they had taken charge three months ago and last Monday respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15133593", "title": "Su-doku Championship: India\u2019s Fantastic 4 now set sights on Croatia", "text": "MUMBAI: The concentration levels were almost palpable in the national round of the Times Su-doku Championship on Sunday, when 16 champions\u2014four contestants each from Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai who were chosen in the earlier regional rounds\u2014 solved the final multi-level puzzles. The winning quartet will now be trained further and taken to Croatia for the World Sudoku Championship in October.Rohan Rao, an IITian from Mumbai, has been among the top four national champions for the last two years. This year, he was at the very top with 1,548 points. \"I have been hooked to the puzzle since 2007,\" he said. \"Last year, I took part in the world championship, but was ranked at No. 12. The competition has been getting tougher every year, but I will try to fare better in the world championship this time.\"Gaurav Korde (26), the other Mumbaikar in the top four, who stood third in the national championship, said he spent two hours every day solving Su-doku puzzles online. An engineer, he has been hooked to the game for five years. \"The participation was much more this year. We had competition from the best players in the country,\" he said.Although Korde has ranked among the top 20 in the world championship in the past, his aim is to score better this time.According to Amit Sowani from Logic Masters India, which has been organizing the competition, the game has about 60 variants. \"The classic puzzle that features in newspapers everyday is the basic one,\" he said. \"What the contestants have to solve are tougher variants and need practice. We will hold workshops for the top four to train them in these variants. We will test their speed, and make sure they score very high.\"Sumit Bothra, who ranked second, said that till last year the championship used to take place online. \"This time, we had to be physically present,\" he said. \"This way, the level was higher and we were exposed to the pressure of the competition in real time. Also, the puzzle mix is improving, and thus we should be better armed to face the world championship this time,\" he said.The creator of the puzzles in India, Deb Mohanty, said that the champions would have to pay attention to all angles while solving the puzzles. \"This time, we have also given them the puzzle to solve with tiles instead of a pen. Su-doku puzzles are all about thinking differently. We conduct Su-doku tests every month. All a contestant has to do is to learn to use logic and the puzzle becomes solvable,\" said the pro who has been creating puzzles since last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130850", "title": "Abu Jundal discloses 24 Indians in Pakistan plotting attacks", "text": "MUMBAI: Deported terror suspect Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has disclosed the names of more than two dozen Indian terrorists in Pakistan planning attacks on India.Faiyyaz Kagzi, Raheel Shaikh, Taqueer Subhan Qureshi, Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Yasin Sidibapa and his mentor Aslam Kashmiri are among a few named by Jundal, who said he had met most of them, except the Bhatkals and Sidibapa, in LeT camps or meetings in Rawalpindi and Muridke.Jundal, who hails from Beed, fled India after the Aurangabad arms haul in 2006 and remote-controlled the 26/11 attacks from Pakistan. He was later deported from Saudi Arabia and arrested by the Delhi special cell; Last week he was handed over to the Mumbai police for the 26/11 case.He, with Abu Kahafa, Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Wassi, Zarar Shah and a major general, reportedly monitored the attack. \"Jundal communicated with terrorists Imran Babbar alias Kasha and Abu Umar who laid seige to Nariman House in Colaba, egging them on to fight with the police, army and navy till the last breath,\" an official said. \"Hafeez Sayeed was present only at sermons but he wasn't in the control room during the attacks.\" Jundal has told the police.Jundal has told the police that he was taken into the core group of LeT chief Hafeez Saeed in August 2008, four months before the attack. He said initially around two dozen youths, including a few Indians, were given the Daura khas and Daura aam trainings, but Lakhvi reduced the number to 10. It was also reportedly planned to send one or two Indians among the 10, as they would find it easier to mingle with the crowd.The decision was dropped as they feared that if the Indians were arrested, they would spill the Pakistan connection, Jundal told cops. He said the attack was not supposed to be in November but during Ramzan in September, when most Muslims would have been indoors, but a choppy sea made them change the plan.The police on Wednesday called the forensic experts to record Jundal's voice. For that, the terror suspect will be asked to read out the exact words he had said to the two terrorists at Nariman House on 26/11.Jundal was directing Imran Babbar and Umer to fight the police and Army till last breath. Forensic experts will match his voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133257", "title": "Minor\u2019s rape: Court pulls up Delhi Police for shoddy probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pulling up the Delhi police for its lackadaisical attitude in probing a rape case, a trial court has directed a deputy commissioner of police to take action against a sub-inspector of his area for lapses in probing a case of kidnapping and rape of a minor.Noting that he neither collected the medical records of 15-year-old victim from the hospital nor placed it on record with the chargesheet, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau ordered the outer Delhi DCP to take action against sub inspector Satnarain.The court also imposed a cost of Rs 2,000 on sub-inspector and ordered its deduction from his salary after he failed to explain the delay in filing the affidavits of witnesses of the case.The court was hearing the case of rape and kidnapping of a minor girl from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh. She had come to the capital along with her brother and a co-villager Chotey Lal for medical treatment. She went missing along with Chotey Lal from the capital and was later recovered at Ghaziabad from the custody of Lokender \u2014 the key accused.ASJ Lau slammed the sub inspector after the girl told the court that Chotey Lal, in her brother's absence, took her to Haridwar on November 20 last year on the pretext of marrying her. She added that he took help of accused Meena Devi and Vijay to lure her.In Haridwar, Chotey Lal raped her and handed her to one Lokender who forcibly married her after raping her and they began living in Ghaziabad, she added. ASJ Lau criticized the SI, noting that Chotey Lal was not even made an accused in the case.The girl was recovered after she called her parents from her sister-in-law's phone. She also told the court that several other girls were confined with her in Haridwar. During the proceedings, the court also noted that the girl's statement hints at human trafficking also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15134863", "title": "Minor rape victim tries to end life", "text": "PANAJI: A minor girl who was raped some months back attempted suicide on Tuesday afternoon in Panaji less than a fortnight after the accused was released on bail.According to the police, the girl-a resident of Altinho-set herself alight.The girl has suffered over 80% burn injuries and has been admitted to the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC), Bambolim, where she remains in a critical condition. Sources said her chances of survival were bleak.The girl was allegedly raped in December 2011 by Kanhaiya Naik, a married 45-year-old art teacher in a Panaji school.The accused art teacher was granted bail by the high court of Bombay at Goa less than 15 days ago. While granting bail, the accused had been directed not to meet or contact any of the witnesses, or the victim.Panaji SDPO, DySP Umesh Gaonkar said, \"The girl's dying declaration has been recorded by the executive magistrate and investigations are on.\" Gaonkar said the victim's age was 16-17 years.Asked about any threat to the victim, Gaonkar said, \"Can't say anything unless the family comes forward.\" He added, \"It is a fact that there was an earlier incident (rape) and that the accused got bail recently.\"Sources said the girl had been undergoing mental trauma since the rape incident and was unable to venture out of the house. \"She felt her life had lost its meaning as the incident had left her scarred,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15129762", "title": "Caste slur did not trigger violence at Maruti's Manesar plant: Probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Preliminary findings into the violence at the Maruti's Manesar plant has disproved the Maruti Suzuki Workers Union's allegations that the mob fury was triggered by \"casteist comments\" allegedly made by a supervisor against a dalit worker.Investigators claimed that the supervisor, Sangram Singh, was also a dalit like his alleged victim, permanent worker Jiyalal, and therefore could not have made abusive comments against him.MSWU had alleged the casteist remark made against Jiyalal was \"pre-meditated by the management\". Labour officers, who rushed to the spot soon after the dispute, have reported to Haryana government that Jiyalal had slapped Singh during tea time, around 9am. The matter was reported to the company's human resource (HR) department almost immediately.\"Tension flared up when the management refused to immediately reinstate Jiyalal, who had been suspended for slapping Sangram Singh. The management gave in to the workers' sustained pressure, but on the condition that the reinstatement would be done on Friday after he gave an undertaking to behave well. However, the workers insisted on immediate reinstatement,\" said a labour department official.Though the Maruti management has been claiming that the attack was pre-planned and targeted towards senior employees, investigators are working on all possible angles. \"Interrogation of the arrested persons could reveal the reasons behind the brutal attack. But we suspect that unresolved demands of the union that was submitted to the management on April 18 could have triggered the mob fury,\" said one of Haryana government sources.Some of the demands that the union had put forth were higher wages, an increase in HR allowance and making all contract labourers at the plant permanent employees. \"There had been several rounds of meeting \u2014 about 25 since last October. The union's suspicion of the management derailing the talks could have been one of the reasons behind the workers going amok,\" said one of the investigators.Even MSWU had alleged that the management had done its \"utmost to derail the process\" since long and was trying to break the \"back of the spirit of unity of the workers\" and the \"legitimacy of the union\".Senior district administration officials, who have been keeping an eye on the unfolding event and probe, said that one of the reasons of the mob setting the office on fire could be that they had realized that their acts of violence were captured in CCTV cameras. \"There is an obvious suspicion that they wanted to destroy the evidence so that they would not be caught by police,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134761", "title": "Modi rejects FDI in retail", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi has said that the state government would soon inform the centre about its decision that it was not in favour of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail.The state government has recently received a letter from the Union commerce minister, which was written to all chief ministers, seeking their opinion on FDI in retail.Modi said that CM Nitish Kumar had already given his opinion in public on few occasions but now the centre would be formally apprised of the decision. \"FDI in retail is not good for the country as it will adversely affect small and medium retailers because the multinational companies and Chinese goods will flood the market at cheaper rates and there will be no takers for the local products,\" he said.He further said, \"Foreign investment is also not beneficial in India's context as, after agriculture, it is the retail businesses that generates highest employment. At present, about 4 crore people are employed in retail business.\"Modi alleged the US and the European Union (EU) pressuring India to get FDI proposal cleared. \"I want to know from the US and its President as to what concession it provides to Indian students going there for studies. I appeal to the Centre not to take any decision on FDI in haste unless political consensus is arrived.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15134625", "title": "Green signal for mining trucks along Codli-Capxem route", "text": "MARGAO: After considering the views submitted to him by stakeholders over the issue of allowing mining transportation in South Goa, the district collector, N D Agarwal, issued an order on Tuesday. The order allows the movement of mining trucks carrying iron ore lumps, only along the Codli-Capxem route initially for a period of 15 days while rejecting permissions to the mining companies for transportation on two other routes.The order allows the mining companies to carry out transportation on alternate days-while Sesa Goa will do it on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, others can do so on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. While Sesa Goa had sought permission for 1,500 trips of mining trucks per day on this route, four other mining companies had asked for consent to allow 715 trips.\"It is not possible to allow 2,215 trips in a day within a period of six hours which amounts to six trips in a minute as this will create chaos in the area. Considering the monsoon factor, a maximum of three trips in two minutes is an ideal situation, or in other words, a truck which is running at an average speed of 40 kmph during the rainy season will travel in 40 sec approximately 400 m. This will not create any traffic congestion,\"Agarwal explained in the order while granting conditional permission for resuming mining transportation.The order has mandated that the movement of trucks will be controlled by the electronic token issue machine (which is to be) supplied by the mining companies to the policemen on duty at the mine's gate. The 15-day period for which permission is granted will start from the date the machine is provided to the police personnel. \"The police personnel shall issue the computerized printed token to each truck coming out of the mines which will be verified time-to-time by the supervisory staff working in that area,\" the order states.While no mining trucks shall be allowed out of the mines before 9am, the order has also banned the movement of trucks along the roads from 7am to 9am and from 12 noon to 2pm. The order states that the trucks should compulsorily be properly covered with tarpaulin or any other thick sheet, and that the load should not exceed 10 metric tonnes. The mining companies have also been directed to hire security guards along the entire route to ensure the smooth flow of traffic.While directing the police and the talathi of the respective area to submit a daily report about the mining transportation, Agarwal has warned of withdrawing the permission without any further notice, \"in case any of the conditions are violated and transportation (is) found (to be) against the safety of the people\".Significantly, Agarwal has allowed mining transportation along the Codli-Capxem route, when the PWD has, in his submitted to the district collector, stated that \"the roads are not in a position to carry 2,000 mining trucks per day, especially in the monsoon; however, a maximum of 600 mining trucks per day may be allowed during the monsoon period along the route.\"While deciding against granting permission for mining transportation along the other two routes -Codli to Dharbondara to Amona and from Sigao to Codli to Panchwadi- Agarwal has relied on the report submitted to him by the PWD which pointed out that the said stretch of the road \"has deteriorated and rutting has occurred at various locations\". The report also indicated that in case mining traffic is allowed during the monsoon, it will pose a danger to the vehicular traffic, especially two-wheelers, school children and pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai/pune", "code": "15129519", "title": "Four killed as truck rams into stationary bus on expressway", "text": "MUMBAI/PUNE: Four people were killed and six others injured on Monday night after a speeding truck rammed into a stationary bus on the Mumbai-Pune expressway.Two of the deceased were from Mulund, while the other two were from Thane and Navi Mumbai. The reason for the mishap appears to be that the driver either dozed off at the wheel or was under the influence, the police say. He is now absconding.The Khalapur police said the bus belonged to Ganesh Travels in Worli and was carrying passengers to Kolhapur on a pilgrimage to Jyotiba when the incident took place. Around 1.15 pm, the driver had parked the bus on the service lane on the left after a tyre burst near Bhatan Tunnel close to the Khalapur toll post. The driver and cleaner were replacing the tyre, while some of the passengers were standing behind the bus, when the accident took place.The police said the speeding truck first crushed the people standing behind the bus and then hit the bus, injuring six other passengers. \"The bus was on the extreme left, considered a safe zone, and the reflectors of the bus were also on. It appears that the truck driver was unable to discern the lane in which he was driving, nor see the blinkers that were on,\" said Vijay Kamble, Additional DGP (highways).He said the accident was similar to the one on March 28, in which 27 of a marriage party had been killed after a truck rammed into them as they were standing or seated around their bus. In Monday's accident, fortunately, most of the passengers were seated inside the bus, he said.The deceased have been identified as Dnyaneshwar Ramchandra Nikam (41) and Sadashiv Krishna Borhate (53), both from Mulund, Raghu Nivrutti Satpute (55) from Nerul and Nana Shankar Gadge (58) from Shivaji Nagar, Thane. Gadge died on the spot while the others succumbed to their injuries at MGM Hospital in Kamothe. The injured are being treated in different hospitals in Panvel.Transport experts and social activists said there should be strict norms on how long one driver should drive or at least for how far. \"There is a need to evolve a mechanism which can check whether the truck had a spare driver to work in shifts. Exhausted drivers driving under stress can prove dangerous, as in the case of the mishap in March this year,\" they said.In the earlier mishap, said to be the biggest ever on the e-way, wedding guests travelling from Ghatkopar to Yerawada in Pune district were killed when one of the minibuses in their cavalcade, which had developed a flat tyre near Khalapur toll plaza, was hit from behind by a speeding truck on the service lane.The vehicle had stopped on the service lane and was joined by another minibus and an SUV as many guests stepped out and waited between the buses and around them while the snag was being fixed. In this case the driver, who was caught by the police, had dozed off at the wheel and could not see the lane or the blinkers of the buses which were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15134666", "title": "Defunct RWH units in schools will be revived", "text": "MANGALORE: All defunct rainwater harvesting (RWH) units in schools in Dakshina Kannada will be rejuvenated and made functional soon.The engineering department of the Zilla Panchayat (ZP) will hold a meeting with the officials of the Education department and Nirmiti Kendra to chalk out plans to restore all such units in schools across the district. At a review meeting on Tuesday, ZP chief executive officer K N Vijayaprakash directed executive engineer Satyanarayana to hold a meeting with the officials to discuss the issue within 10 days.About 70% of the 616 RWH units are dysfunctional and School Development and Monitoring Committees (SDMC) of some schools have already removed its tanks and pipes due to the non-availability of funds for maintenance.Chief planning officer Mohammed Nazeer alleged that a majority of the RWH units were not in working condition when they were handed over to schools. \"While 75% of the units were constructed by the Nirmiti Kendra, the rest were provided directly by the ZP,\" he said.The CEO directed officials of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan ( SSA) to sanction funds for the restoration of all RWH units.\"The engineering department should prepare an action plan to find solutions for the issue. Cluster-level trainings should be given to SDMC members and teachers to maintain RWH units. Handbills should be distributed on the use and maintenance of the system,\" he added.The ZP, which had installed a RWH system in its building recently, has plans to introduce the system in all schools in the district. Letters have been sent to taluk-level backward classes extension officers to introduce RWH in their hostels. \"Officials of all departments should also take interest to introduce the system in their buildings,\" Vijayaprakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129429", "title": "No water in Pimpri-Chinchwad areas on Thursday evening", "text": "PUNE: There will be no water supply to Pimpri-Chinchwad on Thursday evening as the water supply department of the municipal corporation will carrying out repair and maintenance.Water supply is likely to be delayed and below normal pressure on Friday, July 27, said a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15133679", "title": "Surprise adds to Anita's special day", "text": "LUDHIANA: There is a sweetness like no other when people who have been friends for more than 30 years have a chance to get together for a couple of hours and catch up on life. Monday was a special day for Anita Arora when Simmi Jain, her friend for over 30 years and resident of Rishi Nagar, sprung a surprise visit to wish her on her silver jubilee anniversary.Resident of Ashok Nagar, Anita said, \"It was a wonderful surprise for me when Simmi, who is one of my oldest friends, turned up at my doorstep to wish me for my silver jubilee anniversary. I am deeply touched by the gesture and the fact that she remembered this day.\"The two met in 1982 at Jalandhar in HMV College where they graduated together. The real bonding and friendship started when they ended up sharing the same room in college hostel. \"We have been there for each other in happy times and in sad ones. We have joined in each other's joy and comforted each other in times of sorrow. And then there were all the times in between,\" chips in Simmi.Remembering an incident from hostel days, Simmi said, \"One night I was very hungry, but the hostel canteen had already been shut. Anita especially went outside and got a fruit shop opened to get me fruits. The gesture really touched me.\"However, once the two left college life changed. In 1987, both got married and busy with their respective lives. \"There is so much to be said for having shared memories of long ago. It isn't often that the two of us find time to meet, so when we do we try to grab the opportunity and make the most of it,\" added Anita.Simmi is quick to add, \"Having such a good time with Anita made me stop and think about what makes a friendship so solid that it can last decades, especially when our chances to see each other are few and far between. Perhaps it is having a shared past history - perhaps it is knowing some of each other's vulnerabilities or always remembering birthdays and anniversary. But I guess it's all of these things and more. I am very glad that we are able to carry this relationship forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132652", "title": "Jamia open to student polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a hiatus of six years, democracy in students unions is set to return to Jamia Milia Islamia University. Filing its reply on a plea seeking a direction to the university to hold elections for the students union, Jamia told the Delhi high court that its executive council has accepted the recommendations of a six-member committee to look into the aspect.\"The committee was mindful of the fact that, despite the prevailing situation in the campus, a renewed attempt should be made to provide a representative body to the students by way of an experiment,\" the affidavit says.The bench has asked Sitab Ali Chaudhary, counsel for the petitioner, to respond to the affidavit by November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15133815", "title": "Fahadh has no problem with the jury", "text": "KOCHI: Screen heart-throb Fahadh Faasil didn't seem like someone who would court controversies, nor does he require any to add value to his rising stardom.At a press meet to promote the yet-to-be released movie Ivan Megharoopan on Tuesday, Faasil was at his diplomatic best, fending questions on the recent state awards row which saw national award and Filmfare award winner Salim Kumar pitted against the jury.While this may have something to do with him winning the state award for the second best actor for his roles in Akkam and Chappa Kurishu, the actor showed his mental calmness while fielding questions on the topic. \"The award system is now a part of our film industry and we should respect thatsystem and their decisions. Having said that, I am personally not concerned with their decisions regarding different films and film personalities,\" the actor said, not forgetting to thank the jury for honouring him. The actor also showed his selfless side by promoting Ivan Megharoopan in which he didn't have a role. Actor Prakash Bare, who plays the lead in the movie, said the actor had agreed to come for the promotional event on condition that he wouldn't be asked to comment on any controversies.The actor was invited by the crew of the film for the official launch of their Android application for the movie. On the occasion, director and writer P Balachandran said that this was perhaps the first time that a Malayalam movie was using such a technology for a pre-release campaign.\"The Android app of Ivan Megharoopan can be downloaded from Google Play. It has details of movie theatres that will screen this movie. You can also download songs and posters through this app,\" said the director. This will help to counter piracy, the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135284", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation to develop seven water bodies", "text": "SURAT: With a view to restore the vanishing water bodies and to provide recreational facilities to residents in the diamond city, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has drawn up a plan to revive the existing lakes on public private partnership (PPP) basis.Official sources said seven water bodies (lakes) have been identified by the civic body for revival and setting up of recreational facilities, including lake gardens, amusement facilities for children, cafeterias, and boating and water sports.The lakes offered for development on PPP basis are located in Dumas, Magdalla, Abhava, Bhimrad, Pal and Budiya.Recently, expression of Interest (EOIs) from interested parties was invited. At least 17 private parties have shown interest in developing the lakes.Additional city engineer J K Shah told TOI, \"Lakes are vital parts of freshwater ecosystem and if maintained properly, they could offer many beneficial uses in urban areas. As the lakes give beautiful landscape view to the city, we have decided to develop seven water bodies in the first phase.\"According to Shah, lakes encircled with trees and parks perhaps could be the only place where the urban population can find a place close to nature. The urban population can free themselves from the polluted urban air and find solace in the cool air by the lake side and relax in recreational activities such as swimming, boating, fishing etc.\"Along with the revival of the water bodies, the civic body is also making a long-term provision for recharging of the groundwater. The capabilities of these lakes to trap and store rainwater are enormous and water harvested in the lakes could meet city's water requirements partially,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15134489", "title": "BEST plans mobile booking, smartcard scanners on buses", "text": "MUMBAI: If things work out according to plan, you will soon be able to buy a BEST bus pass (smartcard) by using your mobile. And once on the bus, smartcard scanners will allow you to get your pass verified without having to deal with the grumpy conductor.The issues came up for discussion at a BEST meeting on Tuesday. Besides, committee member Ravi Raja demanded that all types of bus passes\u2014daily, monthly and quarterly\u2014should be available online. \"Why should people wait in long queues at the depots to buy or renew passes? We are living in the e-age. All passes should be available online,\" he said.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta informed the panel that the transport body had started issuing bus passes over the internet. \"Passes can be renewed using credit cards on our website and we will soon start a facility for mobile payments. The third and final step will be to instal bus-mounted systems (scanners), which will let a commuter get his/her smartcard scanned the moment s/he boards the bus,\" he said. Such scanners are already used on buses abroad.Sources said there were also plans to allow passengers to punch in a few keys and get an e-ticket generated from the same gadget in future.Committee member Sunil Ganacharya expressed concern over the quality of handheld detectors. \"Commuters have complained that the detectors suddenly stop working. The conductors then have no option but to use the old paper tickets,\" he told the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134177", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation plans to pay architect for own inefficiency", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is preparing to gift lakhs of rupees to architect of its new administrative building citing cost escalations caused due to its own mismanagement and delay in getting the building ready. The project cost of the building was Rs 17.99 crore when it was approved in January 2003. It has increased to Rs 56.34 crore due to cost escalation and also increase in scope of works.Now NMC is considering a proposal to increase the service charges of the architect from Rs 53.98 lakh committed in 2003 to Rs 1.69 crore citing increased cost of the building. The proposal will come up for discussion in the meeting of standing committee slated for July 27. The NMC had proposed the new building behind the existing one in 2002. The then standing committee approved the cost of Rs 17.99 crore on January 10, 2003.At that time, the committee appointed architect Virendra Khare at the service charge of 3% of total cost. On February 28, 2005, the committee approved increased cost of Rs 38.81 crore. The service charges of architect were also increased proportionately. The committee again approved a further increase in cost to Rs 56.34 crore on February 24, 2009. Now, the administration has proposed to increase the service charge of the architect to 3% of total increased cost.Sources in the NMC told TOI that cost of the building increased due to increase in cost of material and increase in scope of works. \"The cost would not have not gone up if the NMC had constructed the building in time as civic body itself sanctions all works. If the scope of work increased, that also also was the fault of officials concerned and architect who either did not define the requirement or couldn't provide correct solution. Now, it wants to saddle the tax payers and reward the architect for this joint inefficiency. Service charges should be increased only on the amount cost increase because of increased scope of works and not for escalation,\" said sources.Two other pending proposals will come up for discussion in the meeting including purchase of firewood for crematoria. Besides, nine new proposals will be discussed in the meeting including installation of new traffic signals at 20 junctions and starting pay and park on three more roads- Variety square to Baidyanath square road, Baidyanath shop to Bharat Watch shop road, and Rahate Colony square to Lokmat square.Besides, proposal to give work orders to various security agencies for deploying 43 armed security guards, 531 unarmed security guards, and 51 other guards. Another important proposal is to purchase various items related to malaria and filaria eradication at the cost of Rs 39.42 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15135136", "title": "SC commission for police deployment in Bhagana", "text": "HISAR: Chairman of National Commission for Schedule Castes and Tribes, P L Punia, on Monday directed the Haryana government to deploy police in Bhagana village of Hisar district till normalcy returns in the village.Dalits of the village have been protesting for the last two months against alleged discrimination by upper-caste persons against them. Dalits had also left the village to stage protests in Hisar and other places.Punia said that dalits would return to the village after a meeting with deputy commissioner, Hisar.In his orders, he said that a police station will be set up in the village and a magistrate will be taking charge of the situation till the situation becomes normal in the village.Virender Bagoriya, who has been leading the agitation, said that he would discuss the development with dalits of the village before taking a final decision in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130917", "title": "Dharamsinh Desai University refuses to enrol students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Dharamsinh Desai University at Nadiad has declined to enroll students in civil and chemical streams of Masters of Engineering (ME) course. The university has declined admissions on the grounds that it wants to become a self-financed institution as the government has not been providing it with grants in aid.The university claims that it has written to the education department five times over the last one year seeking the status of a self-financed institution but it has not received any reply. University officials say that in the absence of grants from the government, it is difficult for it to function.This has led it to deny admission to students in the two streams. The officials had written to the admission committee not to allocate students meant for colleges getting grants in aid to the university. But the director of technical education prevailed over the resistance and asked the committee to allocate students to the university.A similar situation had developed at LM College of Pharmacy last week where admissions were denied on the similar grounds. After putting up resistance, the authorities finally gave admission to the students in the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15135161", "title": "Mumbai health survey reveals alarming figures on mosquito-borne diseases", "text": "MUMBAI: Praja Foundation, an NGO, conducted a survey of 15,000 households in the city to determine the state of the citizens health. In its white paper, Praja said that if private healthcare services were taken into account, an estimated 3.9 lakh people were affected by malaria in 2011-12,or in other words there were 148 cases per 1,000 households. The official figure is only 29,828 cases of malaria but there were 64 deaths reported in 2011 alone.Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals,said, \"The reason why dengue cases have been going up was due to the virus that spreads the disease. Dengue is caused by a virus, while malaria is caused by a parasite called plasmodium. Though the lifespan of a virus is only 5-15 days,due to sudden weather changes,the virus remains active causing dengue, he said,adding that the BMC has been able to control malaria cases in the city.\"\"Our report on the state of health of Mumbai raises several red flags. The survey revealed that more than 30% of households spend 11% or more of their annual income on hospitals and medical costs. The survey also shows that almost 80% Mumbaikars did not have a medical insurance. Also,75% of Mumbaikars use private sources, hence, there is a need for a strong mechanism to collect data from them,\" said Nitai Mehta,founder trustee of Praja Foundation.BMC health officer Dr Arun Bamne said malaria and diarrhoea come under non-notifiable diseases, meaning the private hospitals do not notify the BMC when they get patients suffering from these ailments. We have not received the Praja Foundation report yet,so it will not be right to comment on the report, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134032", "title": "Car stolen at gunpoint in Sector 29", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was lodged against unidentified carjackers for stealing a call centre cab at gunpoint at Sector 29 on Monday night. The accused had held the driver hostage for an hour and dumped him in a deserted place before fleeing with the car. No arrests have been made so far.Police said that the victim, Abdul Rajjak, who is a native of Meerut in Uttar Pradesh drove a Swift Dzire (DL 3 CBC 7531), which was owned by Mairaj Rizvi of Jamia Nagar in Delhi, for a city-based BPO. Rajjak was waiting for a passenger outside Lemon Tree hotel, when two armed robbers held him hostage.\"They were driving the car within Gurgaon for about an hour. Eventually they threw him out of the car in a deserted place and fled,\" said Rajjak. \"We are investigating the case and will arrest the accused soon,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129379", "title": "Recruitment scam: Plea to extend interim bail of Shitkal brothers rejected", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Tuesday rejected the plea to extend interim bail of Dattatreya Shitkal and his brother Manoj Shitkal in the alleged recruitment scam of class IV employees at the National Defence Academy (NDA).The Shitkals, who were in judicial custody at the Yerawada central jail, had obtained interim bail on July 21 to attend funeral of their father. They were released on interim bail till 5.30 pm on Tuesday. The duo appeared in court at 1.30 pm and filed a plea through their lawyer to extend the bail.The CBI opposed their plea as they had also filed a bail plea in the Bombay high court, which had directed them to move the Pune court.The Shitkals were sent to judicial custody after their plea was rejected.According to the CBI, the Shitkals allegedly accepted bribes from several candidates and gave the money to Balkrishna Kanojia. Kanojia allegedly handed over the money to Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134772", "title": "'Proximity priority for primary schools'", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that the government would ensure that aided schools will give priority in admissions for those who stay within 500m vicinity of the school from next academic year.Replying to a question tabled by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai and related queries from other members in the Assembly, Parrikar who is also the education minister, said the department will incorporate this aspect in the new guidelines being prepared.Sardesai brought to the notice of the house how children cannot get admission in government-aided schools situated in their neighbourhood and asked the government to intervene.Opposition Leader Pratapsing Rane, Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco also impressed upon the government to tighten its grip over school managements who they said follow discriminatory policies and admit only those from the creamy layer of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129488", "title": "'No demand for CM's removal'", "text": "MUMBAI: State Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Tuesday denied that 40-odd legislators from the party had written to him demanding chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's ouster from office.\"There is no letter demanding Chavan's removal,\" Thakre told TOI. \"Some legislators had written to the chief minister and me to point out that development work had come to a halt in their constituencies. Chavan and I are looking into their grievances.\"Thakre, who has been accused of instigating the rebel legislators, said elected representatives had been writing to him and the CM over slow progress of work in their constituencies. \"I don't remember the number of such letters, but I received several such letters in the last six months. The demand for Chavan's removal as the CM does not figure in any of these letters,\" he emphasized.Meanwhile, a senior Congress leader, who has signed the letter of complaint along with 40 legislators, said, \"We have taken up the issue of development work in our constituencies with Thakre and Chavan. We feel Chavan is very slow in administration. But we have not sought the CM's removal.\"Recalling a meeting of the Congress's legislature party with Chavan on July 9, the leader said a large number of legislators, mostly supporters of former chief minister Ashok Chavan , had launched a frontal attack on the CM over his \"poor performance\". Former ministers Abdul Sattar , Vijay Vadettiwar and Sunil Kedar had, during the meeting, told the CM and Thakre it would be difficult for the Congress to retain power in 2014 assembly polls if there is no improvement in Chavan's functioning.A senior Congress legislator from Vidarbha region said, \"The CM does not respond to our letters. Ever since the multi-crore Adarsh scam came to light, no IAS officer is willing to sign even routine proposals. As most of the key departments are held by the NCP, there is absolutely no scope for Congress legislators to secure financial assistance or approval for routine projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135123", "title": "BJP leaders served notice for anti-party activities", "text": "KANPUR: The state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to initiate action against leaders who let down the party in recently held Legislative Assembly and civic elections.According to sources, state office-bearers have issued notice to 26 leaders, while 16 leaders have been expelled. Among those to whom the notice has been issued five are high profile leaders who are likely to be expelled from the party.The sources added that as soon as these leaders got the news, they called on senior party leaders requesting them to convince the state office-bearers to reconsider their decision.In the notices issued to 26 party workers, it has been stated that they worked against the party candidates and helped the rivals to post a win in the elections. Written complaints against them were submitted by the party candidates to the state office-bearers.The notice issued by Surendra Maithani, city BJP convener, had given 10 days time to the workers involved in anti-party activities to file their explanation failing which the party would be free to take action against them.Deepu Pandey, Seema Tiwari,Anand Mishra, Awadhesh Pandey ,Prem Singh, Somnath Tiwari, Ram Shankar Agrahari,Vijay Rathore , Pramod Mishra and Rajkumar are among those against whom notices have been issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15129928", "title": "Retired railway employee killed in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A retired railway employee died when he was hit by a bike in Kushaiguda late on Monday night.At about 1am, V Pentaiah, 60, a retired railway employee of Peda Cherlapally, was crossing the road when a bike (AP 29 AS 9835) rammed into him near Chakripuram X Roads in Kushaiguda.\"With critical injuries, Pentaiah died on the spot. After colliding with the pedestrian, the biker, M Sekhar, fell on the road and sustained severe injuries,\" Kushaiguda sub-inspector (SI) A Satyanarayana said. A case was slapped against Sekhar, who is currently undergoing treatment at a private hospital, under Section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134634", "title": "Port Trust seeks govt help to evict fishermen", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Ennore-Manali Road Improvement Project hitting a roadblock, the Chennai Port Trust has sought help from the Tamil Nadu government in relocating the fishermen, presently selling their catch along the project alignment, to the 146 stalls built close to the Kasimedu fishing harbour, on August 4. The central agency is keen to move the fishermen after it failed to budge them earlier this month.This is the second port project to be stuck after the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal Expressway was caught in a disagreement over an alignment on the Cooum river. The Ennore-Manail project is expected to ease the container movement in north Chennai.The National Highways Authority of India, the executive agency for the 600-crore road project, could not continue its widening works in the one-km stretch between Zero Gate of the Harbour and Surya Narayana Chetty Street in Royapuram. With fishermen associations confronting the agencies with fresh demands, including adequate infrastructure to shift to new stalls, work on the expressway has been hindered for months.\"We have sent a letter to the Chennai collectorate seeking their support in the eviction drive which we hope to undertake on August 4. The eviction drive should not be delayed any further, since the beneficiaries for the stalls have already been identified,\" said a senior Chennai Port Trust official. About 500 families of NTO Kuppam and Cherian Nagar, falling on the EMRIP alignment, have also demanded rehabilitation and resettlement.But for the eviction, almost 50% of the 30-km long EMRIP works have been completed, NHAI sources said. The project, conceived in 1998, envisaged widening of the Tiruvottiyur-Ponneri-Panchetti (TPP) Road, Manali Oil Refinery Road and the four-lane northern segment of Inner Ring Road.Sources in the Tamil Nadu Road Development Company (TNRDC), the supervision-consultant of EMRIP, said the project was on track until it reached Kasimedu harbour. \"The Port Trust had decided to help the local community to build a new Bhavani Amman temple near the fishing harbour,\" said an official. Tamil Nadu assembly speaker D Jayakumar, who represents Royapuram constituency, told TOI that he had called for a high-level meeting with the Chennai Port Trust, State Highways, Ennore Port, Fisheries, Chennai Corporation, Metrowater and Tamil Nadu Road Development Corporation in August to expedite the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15134888", "title": "Violence takes train movement off track", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ethnic violence in the western Assam districts of Kokrajhar and Chirang has led to the cancellation and regulation of several express and passenger trains in the state, because of which travelers are facing a horrific time at railway stations across Assam and North Bengal.As many as 26 trains have been cancelled and 37 have been regulated by the Northeast Frontier Railways (NFR) on Tuesday due to security reasons in the areas hit by ethnic violence between the Bodo tribals and Muslims. Sources in the NFR said that unless a green signal is received from the state home department, train services will remain cancelled.On security grounds, six trains - the Bangalore Express, P B Samparkranti Express, North East Express, Avadh Assam Express, Kanchanjangha Express and Guwahati-LT(T) Mumbai Express - which were about to leave Guwahati have been cancelled by the railway authorities, putting passengers in big trouble.\"My father and I arrived here from Shillong to leave for Nagpur in Maharashtra via Kolkata. Since our train has been cancelled, we have no other option than to go by air. I was going to collect my degree certificates from Bapurao Desmukh College of Engineering in Wardha. Such incidents of violence should not happen anywhere in the country. Many students and patients are stranded due to the clashes in the BTC area,\" said a dejected Subhashis Bhattacharjee, a student who has been waiting at Guwahati Railway Station from Tuesday morning.To send passengers headed for upper Assam districts on their way, the NFR authorities appealed to them to board the Dibrugarh-bound Kamrup Express, which left Guwahati on Tuesday noon, but the train could not accommodate many of the travellers.\"I was about to leave for Dimapur, but it was not possible to travel in Kamrup Express as it was already jam packed,\" said Hafizur Rahman, another passenger.Due to security reasons, Kamrup Express, Rajdhani Express and the Brahmaputra Mail, which were about to leave Dibrugarh on Tuesday, were cancelled, informed S Hajong, chief public relations officer of the NF Railway.Down Capital Express and Kamakhya-Ranchi Express, which were about to leave the Kamakhya junction on Tuesday, has also been cancelled in view the security of the passengers.Meanwhile, Union Railway minister Mukul Roy spoke to home minister P Chidambaram and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi about the security scenario in Assam. Roy apprised them of the difficulties that are being faced by the Railways in running trains in the trouble-torn areas of lower Assam. He requested Chidambaram and chief minister Gogoi to prove adequate security and ensure smooth and safe movement of trains in the region.\"The trains, which are being regulated at small stations, will be taken to major stations where facilities for coach watering, coach charging and catering facilities are available,\" Hajong said.Roy informed that the Railways are trying their best to regulate the train movement in view of the disturbances but requested for adequate security, especially in the 54-km stretch between Srirampur ad Salakati railway stations that is the worst-affected so that trains held up in the region for more than 24 hours can be moved towards their respective destinations. He assured the best possible care for stranded passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15134856", "title": "Dumaria encounter:Naxals, cops indicted", "text": "GAYA: In an apparently candid report on the gunbattle between police forces and the Maoists, a four-member PUCL team, which conducted an inquiry into the incident has put both the Naxals and the cops in the dock albeit for different reasons. Whereas the Maoists have been indicted for acts of subversion and violence, in which an extensive land mine network spread over an area of about 1 km, in which two CRPF men were killed, the PUCL team found the cops guilty of killing two apparently innocent villagers having no recorded history of association with the Red rebels only to seek revenge for the death of two of the CRPF men.A four-member PUCL team included Patna high court lawyer and former sate chief of the Civil Liberties Organization Ram Chandra Lal and state executive committee member Kishori Das conducted on the spot study. The team noticed no less than 55 ditches created by land mine blast impact spread over an area of 1 km and two burnt vehicles of the security forces.However, separating the Naxal operation from the killing of Phulchand Bhuiyan and Awadhesh Bhuiyan, the PUCL report comprehensively trashes the police version and virtually proves the innocence of the two men, who, as per the police version, were killed in an encounter triggered by land mine blasts. Widows of the two slain Mahadalits have already petitioned chief minister Nitish Kumar , accusing the security forces of killing their husbands in a somewhat cold blooded fashion while they (killed men) were attending to their cattle.In the concluding part of its three-page report, the PUCL has said that circumstantial evidence make the police claim that the two men were killed during a fierce encounter apparently 'farzi' (fake). \"It appears to be a case of intentional killing. It is like a retreating lion pouncing on an innocent deer,\" said the report.As per the police claim, bodies of the two men killed were found about 20 metres away from the place from where the Maoists were firing at the security forces. The PO was plane land, unsuitable for positioning by trained members of the Red Army well versed with the guerilla war fare strategy, said the report.Moreover, the encounter ended at 11 in the morning and the bodies, as per the police version were found five hours later at 4 in the afternoon. Besides there was nothing to prove the Naxal connections of the two men killed by the police, no weapon was recovered from near their bodies.Ridiculing the contents of the FIR lodged after the incident, the PUCL report said 40 persons including the two killed men have been made accused in the encounter case and most of the names were \"heard and memorized by the cops in a crisis situation, in which several dozen land mine blasts and at least 1,728 rounds of fire made by the security forces, created thundering sound spread over an area of several kilometers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15132559", "title": "Action against khaps if they curb freedom: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Clarifying his position on the khap panchayat's diktat in Baghpat, chief minsiter Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said: \"Whatever should happen should be for the betterment of society. I firmly believe that no one has the right to curb anyone's freedom. Whatever khap or panchayat directives are, they should be in the interest of the society. We are not silent on khaps. If decisions are taken that curb freedom, we will act against them.''Akhilesh was in New Delhi to participate in a conference organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FICCI). He was accompanied by his wife and Lok Sabha member Dimple Yadav .He reiterated that the Samajwadi Party government was committed to the all-round development of Uttar Pradesh. Laying emphasis on cluster development to promote small scale industries in UP, Akhilesh said the government was working to boost traditional crafts -- carpet-weaving in Bhadohi, brass work in Moradabad, Chickan in Lucknow and glass-work in Firozabad -- by promoting the cluster-based approach to trade. Akhilesh said his government was taking the public-private partnership model to undertake infrastructure development programmes in the state. He added that single window clearance system of Udyog Bandhu would be given greater teeth in the coming days, in order to invite entrepreneurs on UP soil.The CM said his government was active in promoting several social welfare schemes as well. Saying the Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme for girls passing class XII would attract an expenditure of Rs 400 crore, the state government, Akhilesh said, has made provisions of Rs 300 crore to ensure girls passing class X continued their education. Among other initiatives planned by the state government, the chief minister said he would take steps to strengthen the power generation and distribution network in the state. He said the government was in the process of formulating a new sugar policy. He said nearly 700 MW of power could be generated through the bagasse produced from sugar factories in the state and offered several possibilities for the state. Akhilesh said UP government needed to work closely with Uttarakhand and Bihar governments to control the pollution levels in the Ganga and Yamuna.Making her maiden appearance at a public function after becoming an MP, Dimple, who spoke first called Akhilesh an understanding husband, while adding that she was good with compromise. Akhilesh who spoke after Dimple said he wanted UP to be recognised for its achievements and for it to prosper, along with India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15133865", "title": "Police sting operations under HC scanner", "text": "KOCHI: Credibility of sting operations carried out by police is being questioned at the Kerala high court as a bank manager falsely implicated and beaten up by police following one such operation has sought the court's intervention for a proper investigation.The sting operation was headed by R Nishantini, who was ASP of Idukki then and presently deployed at police computer centre at the headquarters. On her orders, a woman police constable named Prameela visited the office of Union Bank of India's Thodupuzha branch manager Percy Joseph Desmond on July 25 last year in civilian clothes stating she came to enquire about a bank loan. The next day, the manager was summoned to the ASP's office and beaten up by police led by the ASP and was booked on charges of outraging the modesty of a woman. This was based on Prameela's report that the manager grabbed her hand while she was in his office.Based on Percy's complaint to State Human Rights Commission , Home Department examined the matter and issued an order, which stated that Prameela had lied about the manager's behaviour to get appreciation from the ASP.The report submitted by the principal secretary of Home Department stated scrutiny of CCTV footage from the bank showed that instead of collecting the loan application from the manager and sitting in the seat, Prameela had went and stood near the manager without him beckoning her.The home department had also rejected as contrary to facts a report submitted by Idukki police chief finding no fault with the police officials. Terming the incident as one that brought shame to the entire police force, the department suggested action against the ASP, dismissal of the women police constable, and suspension of two other police officials.However, the order issued on May 22 was put on hold on the basis of a note sent by R Sreelekha, who was IG when the incident took place. In her report, she stated that the injury Percy sustained was similar to one caused when somebody scratches his back and probe by an SP revealed that Percy's reputation was \"doubtful.\"In the petition filed by Percy, Sreelekha's note to the Home Department is challenged as unnecessary interference as she is presently deputed to AP Batallion and has no administrative control over the issue nor has been entrusted for an enquiry by any judicial or governmental authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15138697", "title": "Nani bags an Amala Paul film", "text": "This actor is the hottest property in the south post the success of Naan Ee. The latest we hear is that he will be acting in the Telugu version of Nimirndhu Nil, to be produced by Aascar Ravichandran.Nani , the young actor from Tollywood, made his debut with Veppam but he was not noticed till he did Naan Ee with S S Rajamouli. The movie has catapulted him into a star. Now, the news is that director Samuthirakani has offered him a role in his movie, which he is making in Tamil with Jayam Ravi.According to the industry buzz, the actor will be paired opposite Amala Paul. The film, which also stars Meghana Raj, has music by G V Prakash and expectations are high from the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135256", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation confident of making metro rail project a reality by 2017-18", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) is confident of making the metro rail project a reality in the city by 2017-18. The confidence comes on the heels of guarantee of 20 per cent assistance from Centre as soon as the detailed planned report (DPR) is approved by Union urban development ministry and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's offer of assistance to the project.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das attended a joint meeting along with representatives of eight other cities with Union urban development ministry officials in New Delhi on Monday. Das said, \"We have number of town planning (TP) schemes on draft level. Therefore, it will be easy for us to acquire the required land for the project.\" Top officials of Jaipur, Kochi, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Surat, Patna and Lucknow attended the meeting.Surat is looking at 100 km of integrated metro rail line. The population of the twin cities of Surat-Navsari is estimated at 1.20 crore in 2026. The project has a cost bearing of Rs 150 crore per km for rail on ground, Rs 250 crore per km on elevated corridor and Rs 400 crore per km in under ground section. The city also plans to link BRTS to the proposed metro. The 100 km of metro rail will incur a cost of Rs 15,000 crore.Central Government recently said that every city with over 20 lakh population should have metro rail and had conducted a survey of metro rail facility in 12 cities, which included Surat and Ahmedabad. The working committee on urban transport estimated an expenditure in next five years for these 12 cities to the tune of Rs 175 crore per km for the construction of metro rail. Central government plans to disburse 50 per cent of finance for the projects in 12th Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15135324", "title": "Court grounds Sukhbir Singh Badal's Faridkot flying academy project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court has quashed the land acquisition process for setting up of a flying academy at Faridkot - a dream project of Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal - after finding \"illegalities\" in the procedure.Quashing a notification issued under Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act by the government on May 3, 2010, the HC has also slapped Rs 1 lakh on the sub-divisional magistrate-cum-land acquisition collector for his failure in discharging his duties.Observing that the SDM has \"thrown norms to the wind and acted in flagrant violation of the mandatory provisions of the law\", the HC has also directed the chief secretary to conduct an inquiry into the matter.The SDM will have to pay Rs 1 lakh to Maharawal Khewaji Religious and Charitable Trust, which had challenged the government move to acquire around 100 acres of its land for the academy project launched in 2008. In its plea, the Trust, which is managing the property of erstwhile Faridkot royals, said the state government had not considered the objections filed by it against the land acquisition procedure.The HC had summoned the SDM in person before the court along with the original records and found that he returned the objections filed by the Trust in an illegal manner. \"Such return of objections in fact amounts to abdication of authority by the land acquisition collector,\" observed a division bench headed by Justice Hemant Gupta.It is for the second time that Sukhbir Badal's dream project has suffered a setback. Earlier, the defence authorities at the local cantonment area had asked the state government not to start the flying academy at Faridkot on the grounds that it may pose a serious security threat to the military station.In 2008, the Punjab government had initiated the process to set up a flying academy on a plot of 103 acres, adjacent to the cantonment area and ammunition depot at Faridkot. The project was caught in controversies right from the outset, as it was alleged that the government had ignored various important aspects before announcing the plan.The government had allegedly ignored the fact that there cannot be any construction within 1,000-metre radius of an ammunition depot. The government's policy of land acquisition was also challenged in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15129909", "title": "Custody deaths: 250 in 10 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Claiming that there had been a rise in custodial deaths in the state over the last decade, the opposition benches came down heavily on the government benches on Tuesday.During discussion on an adjournment motion moved by Shiv Sena's Advocate Chimanrao Patil, opposition leader Eknath Khadse claimed that about 250 custodial deaths had been reported in the last decade. Khadse said he was quoting from statistics provided by the government to the State Human Rights Commission.Khadse also criticized the home department for \"shielding\" cops who take law in their hands. \"Instead of collating evidence during investigation, a worrying trend of physical abuse of accused by criminals to derive a confession is on the rise,\" alleged Khadse. Home minister RR Patil however refuted claims that custodial deaths were on the rise. In fact, he said that there was a decline in such incidents. While taking a line that deaths of an accused while in custody were unwarranted, Patil argued that most of these deaths were not related to physical abuse by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134205", "title": "Soldier wanted for murder of wife, mother &amp; daughter", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a soldier working with the Central Military Police for allegedly killing his wife, mother and daughter, at Chitrasen ki Dhani in Bilaspur late on Monday night. A complaint has also been filed against two sisters of the soldier and their husbands on the charge of murder.\"The main accused, Rajesh Kumar, was working with the Indian army's Central Military Police and was posted in Imphal, Manipur. He had come home on a month's leave 15 days ago, is now at large. The cause of this triple murder was said to be domestic strife. We are investigating the case from all angles,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station. The villagers informed the Bilaspur police after seeing the bodies at Rajesh's house. Police reached the spot with crime expert teams and took custody of all the three bodies. The body of one of the women was found hanging from the ceiling fan, while the body of two-year-old Nidhi, was on the bed. The two older victims, 50-year-old Suresh Devi and 27-year-old Sharmila Devi, are mother and wife of Rajesh Kumar respectively.\"In the postmortem report, we found that all three victims were strangled. We have lodged an FIR based on the statement of Sharmila's father, Mukesh Kumar. FIR has been lodged against Sharmila's husband Rajesh Kumar, his sisters, Santosh and Mantosh, and their husbands, Rajbeer and Mukesh. We handed over the bodies to the family after the postmortem. Our teams are investigating and we will arrest the accused as soon as possible,\" added Babu Lal.However, Mukesh Kumar, a resident of Aulant village in Rewari district, alleged that Rajesh and his family members showed that it was a case of suicide and not murder. He also alleged that Rajbeer, husband of Rajesh's sister, was pressuring Sharmila to maintain an illicit relationship with him. \"He warned Rajesh two days before the murder that he would take Sharmila with him,\" said Mukesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137534", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger: Banjaara", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "15134696", "title": "ONGC expects oil reservoirs in Kishanganj", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The resurgent Bihar has something more to cheer about as Kishanganj, which once put the state on country's tea map, might be on the oil map of the country soon. The Oil And Natural Gas Commission (ONGC), after doing oil exploration of the area, is likely to start drilling operation in the first week of August at Narkali under Kochadhaman block in Kishanganj, ONGC sources said.ONGC scientists as well as engineers are expecting a huge reservoir of oil in the district. The preliminary surveys done at two sites in Kochadhaman and Bahadurganj blocks have yielded positive results, sources said, adding ONGC engineers have drawn up a road map for drilling operation in early August at Narkali. The drilling operations have been planned at two sites, but they will first take it up at Narkali. \"For the drilling purpose, Rs 200 crore has already been earmarked,\" ONGC sources said.\"It will be difficult to say precisely how much will it cost and how much time it will take. It all depends on the depth once drilling begins,\" a senior officer told TOI on condition of anonymity.Though ONGC officials in Kolkata as well as in Kishanganj are tight-lipped about what really lies in the belly of Kishanganj, they sounded optimistic. \"If we have gone so far, it is surely not without reason,\" a senior ONGC official told TOI on Saturday over phone from Kolkata, adding ONGC top brass might be present when the drilling operation begins in August.Over 50 engineers and 200 workers are already engaged at the Narkali site and drilling machines and other equipment have reached the spot, the official said.Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti said on Tuesday the state government has acquired and allocated nearly 3.5 acre land at Narkali under Kochadhaman block to the ONGC for a three-year term. Similarly, land will be allocated to the ONGC at Bahadurganj also, he said.Kochadhaman RJD MLA Akhtar-ul-Iman welcomed ONGC's drilling operation, saying once the oil reservoir is detected, it will only transform the economy of the area.The immense possibility of oil reservoirs at two sites in Kishanganj has elated local people also. \"The oil exploration, if it yields positive results, will bring prosperity to the area,\" Mohammad Giasuddin, a native of Kochadhaman, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15134908", "title": "\u2018All you need is 5 friends to cope with modern life\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Finding it tough to cope with modern life? All you need is the presence of five friends: An agony aunt, an emotional support, someone good with money, a practical person and a colleague you can seek advice from.The research by Nationwide Building Society in UK shows a minimum of five friends and colleagues are now required to share out our problems and get useful advice from.Researchers rated 'an agony aunt' figure who you can tell your problems to, followed by a 'loved one' who will put an arm around you and provide emotional support, the Daily Mail reported.The third most in demand is 'someone to help you out with financial matters' and advise you how to save money . And fourth is a 'knowledgeable friend' or family member you can turn to for advice on life's matters.The fifth most important is 'a colleague' you can look to for help and advice in the workplace. However, the research found that despite the average Facebook user having 190 friends, 32% of Brits still don't feel they really have anyone on their side.Men are twice as likely to feel they have no one to turn to (42%) in their daily lives as women (23%). The research shows our main needs are for someone to listen to our problems (23%), to provide emotional support (18%) and to ease the pressures of everyday life (18%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15134507", "title": "Kuruvai crop in danger of withering away: Tamil Nadu Congress Committee", "text": "TRICHY: Puliyur Nagarajan, the state deputy secretary of Tamil Nadu Congress Committee's (TNCC) agricultural wing has claimed that the standing 'kuruvai' crop is in imminent danger of being withered away, thanks to the procrastination of the release of water from the Mettur dam on Cauvery.In a statement released here in Trichy, he however thanked the Tamil Nadu government's decision to move the Supreme Court to convene the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal. \"But in the absence of the failure of monsoon in Karnataka, all plans have gone awry and the very basis of the livelihood of delta farmers are at stake,\" he said.Every year, water is released from Mettur dam on June 12 for irrigation in the delta region where nearly four-and-a-half lakh acres would be under kuruvai and another 12 lakh would be brought under samba, close on the heels of kuruvai.As for Trichy district, the 17 channels - Raja Komarapalaym Vaikal, Mohanur Vaikal, Kattuputhur Vaikal, Vadagarai Vaikal, Iyyan Vaikal, Peruvalai Vaikal, Srirangam Nattu Vaikal, Pugalur Vaikal, Vangal Vaikal, Nerur Vaikal, Krishnarayapuram Vaikal, (on the left bank of Cauvery) Thenkarai Vaikal, Kattalai Mettu Vaikal, Uyyakkondan Vaikal, Pudhu Iyyan Vaikal, Ramavathalai Vaikal, and Pudhuvathalai Vaikal (on the right bank) - which draw sustenance from Cauvery have gone dry, crops like banana, sugarcane and betel vines that are already planted over two lakh acres too, are in danger of being scorched, Nagarajan told TOI on Tuesday.He said he had planted 4,000 banana trees over one acre of land in Puliyur, some 15 km from Trichy and though he had the support system of borewells, the hot water from the deeper water tables following the unseasonal 'agni natchatram' in the months of June and July had scorched around 500 of them. He approached award-winning banana scientist Dr R Thangavelu at the National Research Centre for Banana (NRCB) who said the high soil temperature had spawned corm-rot disease. \"In order to save the remaining banana plants, I advised him to use one gram of Emisson per litre of water and use two litres of that water per plant, and this was how the rest of the bananas were saved,\" Dr Thangavelu said.\"If the sugarcane, banana and betel vines cultivated over two lakh acres of land is not saved by getting water released at once, the farmers would collectively lose Rs 10,000 crore,\" Nagarajan further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130580", "title": "Central Railway motorman suspended as train overshoots Parel platform", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has suspended motorman A S Maleth of the CST-Thane local, which overshot the platform at Parel on Monday. The motorman was supposed to halt the train before the home signal at Parel. on the Dadar-bound slow line.The train overshot the platform by three compartments at 10.50pm.Sources said, \"The train came to a halt after overshooting due to emergency brakes being applied by the guard.The train was held up for 20 minutes before it was taken to Dadar, where it was short-terminated.\"The incident led to chaos as the administration decided to cancel the train at Dadar and commuters had to wait for another train to continue their journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133114", "title": "2 die in west Delhi house collapse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two labourers were killed while several others were injured when an under-construction three-storey building collapsed in west Delhi on Tuesday.The unauthorized construction had been going on for the last 45 days and a case of negligence has been registered against building owner Sukhwinder Singh (50), who has been arrested. Two MCD officials were also suspended following this incident.The incident was reported from the furniture mart in Kirti Nagar at around noon. According to police, the owner had been adding to the front portion of the already existing building when the third floor lantern suddenly fell, causing the newly-made structure to collapse while the labourers were still inside it.The injured were rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay hospital where two of them were reported brought dead. The deceased, a 35-year-old woman and a 45-year-old man, are yet to be identified. Three other labourers, Manjit (18), Bhola (18) and Pintu (20) are critically injured, said cops.\"We have arrested the owner of the building ,\" said additional commissioner of police (west) V Renganathan.Within hours after the collapse, North Delhi Municipal Corporation suspended two engineers \u2014 assistant engineer RK Saxena and junior engineer Rajesh Sharma. MCD officials said that the action has been taken based on preliminary findings for dereliction of duty.A showcause notice has been issued to the executive engineer of the Karol Bagh zone. A probe has also been ordered. The deputy commissioner of the Karol Bagh zone has been asked to submit the report within three days.\"The property was very old and the builder tried to extend its front set. The building couldn't bear the weight of the additional roof due to weak foundation. It was being carried out in an unauthorized manner,\" said YS Mann, director, press and information, of all three corporations.\"The builder started the construction two-three days back . The engineers, with the help of police should have stopped the construction. But only the report will tell who is to take the onus,\" said North Delhi Mayor Mira Aggarwal.However other shop owners in the area said that the construction had been going on for weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134618", "title": "Rs 18.25cr for media promotion of tourism: Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar", "text": "PORVORIM: The state government has planned to spend 18.25 crore on media for promoting tourism in the state during the financial year 2012-2013. Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar informed the house that the detailed media plan for the year has not been finalized yet.In a written reply to the assembly, Parulekar said, \"The government has earmarked an amount of 9.50 crore for domestic promotion and 8.75 crore for overseas promotion during this year's budget and the same will be spent during the financial year 2012-2012\".In 2009-2010, the government spent 7.64 crore; in 2010-2011, 5.69 crore and in 2011-2012, 11.45 crore, on media for promoting tourism during the last three years. Parulekar also said that the government has planned to prepare a master plan for the state to increase the flow of tourists to Goa.In 2009, 21 lakh domestic and 3.7 lakh foreign tourists arrived in Goa and in 2010, 22 lakh domestic and 4.4 lakh foreign tourists arrived.Parulekar also said that the government will give a thrust on creation of cluster development authorities to develop requisite infrastructure and designated tourist clusters such as Tiracol-Morjim, Vagator-Anjuna, Arpora-Sinquerim, Colva-Cavelossim and Palolem-Agonda.He also said that to increase the number of domestic and foreign tourists, the government intends to develop coastal circuits at Colva, Baga, Miramar, Colvale, Vasco, Calangute etc under the central financial assistance scheme.Parulekar said that the department has also printed brochures in English as well as in foreign languages which are distributed at domestic/overseas events. \"Thrust will be laid on development of new areas of tourism such as adventure tourism, health, medical/wellness tourism, religious tourism, eco tourism, culture and heritage tourism, hinterland and backwater tourism etc,\" said Parulekar. The government also intends setting up a golf course and allied facilities to promote tourism in the state, said Parulekar, in his written reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135203", "title": "Govt law college students stage sit-in protest demanding free laptops, bus passes", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 30 students of Government Law College have started an indefinite sit in protest at the college campus on Tuesday morning, demanding free laptops and bus passes for government law college students from the government. They also urged the state not to grant rights to start new private law colleges.Over 60 students sat inside the campus and raised their demands. They clearly mentioned that the state government should come forward to distribute free laptops to government law college students also. Most students are from poor families so they demanded free bus passes too. The college management tired to pacify the students who were determined to continue their strike. On Tuesday afternoon the college was closed.\"We have asked for police protection and the college will function on Wednesday,\" said the Principal S Ramasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15134454", "title": "Jhalawar accident: Bus driver arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: An attempt to save fuel while driving downhill in Umaria village in Jhalawar district of the state proved fatal to a bus driver, when the bus overturned killing five persons including four school children and leaving 24 people injured.At least 24 passengers were injured in the accident and were rushed to various hospitals.\"Eight out of the twenty four children were discharged from the hospital after first aid while 16 were still undergoing treatment at various hospitals in the district,\" Balmukund Verma, the district's superintendent of police said. Police said that the driver Satya Narayan Mahla of the bus initially managed to flee from the spot but was later arrested.\"We have booked him under section 304-A (Death Due to negligence). A case is also been registered against the owners of the bus,\" he added.Police were also verifying if the bus had a genuine permit from the district transport office (DTO) to ply on the route.\"It is yet to be confirmed if the bus had a valid permit from the DTO to operate or not. If it was found running without a valid one, an appropriate case under Motor Vehicle Act would also be registered,\" a senior police officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134560", "title": "Woman posing as journalist held for extortion", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 27-year old woman, who posing as a journalist threatened to kidnap the daughter of a vegetable vendor in Thiruvanmiyur, if she failed to part with1 lakh on Tuesday.Roja, a resident of Adyar was arrested based on a complaint from Sarala, 38, the wholesale vegetable vendor. Roja acquainted herself with Sarala through her friend Selvi, a vegetable vendor. Roja had introduced herself as a police officer and later told Sarala that she was working with a Tamil magazine.Roja exhorted money from Sarala on several occasions telling her she had received complaints that she (Sarala) was involved in lending money at very high interest in the area. She also threatened her saying she would take the matter to the police department.Meanwhile, Roja sought a ransom of 1 lakh stating that she would kidnap her daughter if she didn't give her money.Police said at least three similar complaints were pending against Roja since 2009. Interrogations with Roja revealed that had extorted money from a doctor who was working with a de-addiction Centre posing as a policewoman and another man in T Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15133879", "title": "Rains wash away big plans", "text": "PANCHKULA: The first few monsoon showers have exposed poor preparedness of Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for the rains. Though plans like diverting of storm water into Ghaggar river to save the township from waterlogging were mooted, nothing much has changed on the ground.The brief showers on Monday flooded almost the whole of Sector 19, making an irate crowd of residents come out on the streets, resulting in traffic being held up for two hours.Due to the encroachments along Singh nullah choe -- that passes through sectors 1, 2, 4 and 12 -- in the Punjab territory, water in the nullah overflows into Panchkula during flooding. To solve this problem, a diversion drain with a capacity of 2500cc was to come up so that the flood water entering the Singh nullah upstream of Panchkula be diverted into Ghaggar through the military area.HUDA had claimed that this monsoon there won't be any waterlogging, particularly in Panchkula, as the water which used to flow into the township from Singh nullah would be diverted towards Ghaggar.\"About 95% of the work is complete and by next monsoon, the water which floods the township will be diverted into the Ghaggar,\" said N K Verma, superintending engineer of HUDA's engineering wing.The official added that they also had a meeting with the irrigation department recently in this regard.\"HUDA has been claiming that flood water would be diverted soon for years. But nothing concrete has been done in this regard, \" said Ragahv Sharma, a resident of Sector 12A, Panchkula.\"The joy that monsoon brings is killed by the waterlogging woes,\" said B R Rawal, a resident of Sector 4, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133998", "title": "Neighbourhood parks are no one's baby", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lack of interest on the part of municipal corporation as well as the resident welfare associations (RWAs) has left once-beautiful neighbourhood parks orphaned. Some time ago, the MC had decided to handover 1,600 neighbourhood parks, now lying neglected, to resident welfare associations. But fearing \"many difficulties\", the latter has decided not to adopt these.The issue was raised in the MC house meeting two months ago. In a finance and contract committee (F&CC;) meeting, the decision was taken. Officials were told to draft a detailed report on its modalities and financial implications and table it in June 11 meeting.It was said that RWAs, which wanted to maintain parks, would get a grant of Rs 1.50 per square metre a month through cheque and the authorities would sign a memorandum of understanding with them.MC, however, has been moving at snail's pace as till now, no notification has been issued to invite the associations to adopt these.Recently, the Federation of Sector Welfare Associations of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) had convened a meeting. In the meeting, chaired by P C Sanghi, 90% of the RWAs refused to adopt the parks. Sanghi said, \"As many as 60 registered NGOs associated with the body too decided against the MC decision. Besides, MC never gave us a copy of the MOU so that we could study the points.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15135103", "title": "Fresh rain spell eases sowing worries", "text": "BHOPAL: The good news is that the revival of rains in the state has somewhat narrowed down the rainfall deficit in the state in the past three days. Consequently, it has taken some load off the mind of farmers, farm experts and policy makers, who were worrying sick about the impact of patchy rains on sowing and farm output.Experts, who were raising an alarm about the inevitability of drop in crop output till about a week ago, have toned up their expectations. They, however, feel it won't offset the loss because of deficient rains elsewhere in the country.The area under sowing now stands at 103 lakh hectare for kharif, including two major crops of paddy and soyabean -- against the target of 114.7 lakh hectare, says Dr D N Sharma, director, agriculture department. And if the fresh spell continues to drench the state, the state can hope as well to reach there, said another officer of the agriculture department.Of the 16.62 lakh hectare target, paddy sowing and transplanting is over on some 10 lakh hectare area, Dr Sharma adds. The farmers have taken to paddy sowing in the affected areas after the fresh spell of rainfall beginning from July 22, he says.Against the target of 58 lakh hectare for soyabean, sowing is over on 100% area, according to the state agriculture department. The state enjoys numero uno position in soyabean production, a major oilseed -- by contributing over 49% of the total output.Dr G S Kaushal, former director, agriculture department, says, \"We can hope normal crop, if it rains well in August end and September. It would improve the prospects of both kharif and rabi crops. The fresh bout of rains will bolster the soya prospects in 22 districts of the Malwa region which, according to him, accounts for 46% of soya crop output in the state.\"In pulses, the area covered under sowing is 11 lakh hectare. Still 1 lakh hectare area has to be covered when it comes it sowing of green gram (moong) and black gram (urad). The pulses have been an area of concern for buyers in the wake of a spike in prices in the past ten days.In case it does not rain in a day or two in rain-deficient districts of Morena, Gwalior, Sheopur, Tikamgarh, Satna, the department is ready with a back-up plan. It will distribute 20,000 quintal seeds of moong, urad, sesame, niger. In Gwalior district, going by the latest official data, the rainfall is 65% away from the normal level of precipitation.Ram Gopal Agrawal, vice-president, Madhya Pradesh Anaj Tilhan Vyapari Mahasangh, says, the rains have salvaged the position. \"It has still not eased producer and traders' worries. He does not expect pulses prices to ease much soon,\" he says matter of factly.Meanwhile, the agriculture department says that reports about pest attack on pulses and oilseed crops in Jhabua, Alirajpur districts has been controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133567", "title": "Don't lose this chance to get passport", "text": "BANGALORE: The Regional Passport Office ( RPO), Koramangala, is giving wings to many a dream. An initiative to accept passport applications daily has become an instant hit with those wanting to go overseas. With just six days left before the facility winds up, applicants can look forward to receiving that all-important document within 10 days, this after police verification records are uploaded online.\"We have been receiving 200-300 applications per day,\" said Dr Srinivasa, regional passport officer, Bangalore.\"We will process the applications at our head office and send the data to TCS ( Tata Consultancy Service), which is partnering with the government to scan, process and upload passport data. Police officers will then verify the data with the applicants. Once the verification is done and the report loaded online, applicants can expect their passport within 7 to 10 days,\" he said.The initiative, which drew over 5,000 applications since it kicked off early this month, will go on till July 31. Passport officials will then review the month-long initiative and send a report to the external affairs ministry. \"Depending on the outcome, we will decide whether to continue with the practice of accepting applications on a daily basis,\" he added.According to the police department, the time stipulated to clear passport verification procedure is 20 days, from the time an individual submits his/her application.\"Once the documents reach the police station, we try to wrap up the verification process in a week's time and send the data to the commissioner's office. From there, the data is sent back to the passport office,\" said HK Mahananda, inspector, Ulsoor police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15127678", "title": "Lightning kills one, injures 8 in Hazaribag village", "text": "Hazaribag: One, Tejni Devi, was killed and eight others seriously injured when they were struck by lightning at Baheri village under the Hazaribag sadar Block on Tuesday.The incident took place when the women were transplanting paddy in their field during heavy rain, Hazaribag civil surgeon Dr Binay Kumar said.He said the eight injured women who were in critical condition have been provided all medical help at the Hazaribag Sadar Hospital.Sources said as soon as lightning struck the women, villagers on hearing their cries for help rushed to their help and brought them to the hospital where Tejni was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134779", "title": "No ragging in IIT-Patna, says director", "text": "PATNA: \"Ragging in any form is banned (in this institute). We will do everything possible to make your stay comfortable at IIT-Patna. In return, however, we would like to see discipline, honesty, punctuality, cooperation and hard work on your part. Any deviation will be dealt with severely.\"IIT-P director Anil K Bhowmick said this while welcoming the IIT-P's first batch of MTech and PhD students on the institute's campus in Pataliputra Colony on Tuesday. He said, \"You are very special since you belong to the first batch. You have created history and you have a responsibility of setting a high standard of education and name associated with these programmes.\"He said a new campus of the IIT-P was coming up at Bihta, 35km from Patna, on 500 acres of land. The campus will be ready in two years. \"You will then have world-class infrastructure, laboratories, central library, classrooms, sports complex and rejuvenation centre,\" he said and added the institute would soon have a faculty strength of 500 for 5,000 and odd students.Speaking about the hostel facilities at IIT-P, Bhowmick said round-the-clock mess was run by efficient people and the menu prepared by the students. \"Our medical facilities are also good as we have tied up with two hospitals nearby and also provide ambulance service from the institute,\" he informed the students.At least 95% of the BTech students secured placements last year with the offered annual package being as high as Rs16.5 lakh. \"We expect similar opportunities for our MTech and PhD students. You have to make this llT your home as early as possible and then only you will have an enjoyable experience,\" Bhowmick said.IIT-P has international collaborations with the University of Houston , USA; Louisiana State University , USA; University of North Texas, Denton, USA; the University of New South Wales, Australia; University of Saskatchewan, Canada; and National University of Singapore, Singapore. At least 15 to 20% of BTech students of IIT-P are accepted as summer interns by these universities every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134216", "title": "Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd GM Agrawal, 2 others caught accepting Rs 1.1L bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A general manager, a senior engineer and an engineer trainee of public sector power equipment maker Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL), landed in a trap laid by Central bureau of investigation (CBI) team from Gandhinagar, Gujarat, on Monday. All three are from purchase department and were based in Shreemohini complex office of BHEL in city. The officials were caught while accepting a bribe of Rs 1.10 lakh.General Manager Vinay Kumar Agrawal, senior engineer Vivek K Kamal and engineer trainee Umesh Aglawe were presented before the special CBI court in Nyay Mandir on Tuesday. The court granted a transit remand to CBI team till July 27. Defense counsel Anmol Jaltare opposed the plea on the grounds of jurisdiction as offence was registered at Gandhinagar branch while trap and rest of the action took place at Nagpur.CBI sources claimed BHEL had floated a tender earlier this year for supply and installation of different types of hydraulic pressure test pumps at its different sites in Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. The supply order was around Rs 66 lakh. Following commencement of the bid, the officials are learnt to have offered an Ahmedabad-based manufacturing company an opportunity to bag the tender if it agreed to pay them a cut of 2% of the total amount. The private manufacturing company approached CBI with a complaint.CBI officials from Gujarat came to the city with complainant. A trap was laid at BHEL's office where the complainant offered the bribe to senior officials. It is learnt GM Agrawal accepted Rs 50,000 while the rest of the amount was equally divided between Kamal and Aglawe. Searches at the residence of Agrawal and others were conducted after the trap.Earlier this year, CBI's Nagpur unit had registered a case of disproportionate assets against senior deputy general manager of BHEL Devendra Singh Ahluwalia and his son Ambarish. CBI had registered the offence after it was found that the senior official's property valuation exceeded what it should have been by Rs 1.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15133878", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority, municipal corporation pass the buck as Panchkula smarts", "text": "PANCHKULA: Instead of tackling waterlogging effectively, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and municipal corporation (MC) are playing a blame game, while claiming that it is the other's responsibility to ensure proper drainage of rain water. While the MC claims checking waterlogging is not its job, HUDA alleges that sweepers deployed by the MC choke the gullies as they dump garbage into these, resulting in waterlogging.\"We have a proper underground drainage system but the MC sweepers dump dirt and garbage in road gullies resulting in blockage. As a consequence, even when it rains a bit, the water gets collected and people face problems,\" said HUDA's superintending engineer (SE), N K Verma. He added, \"We have raised this issue with the MC several times but to no avail.\" MC executive officer, O P Sehag, said, \"MC has nothing to do with the issue of waterlogging. It is the public health wing of the HUDA that has to check it.\" In all this, it is the residents, who suffer. \"Whenever we go to the MC officials for help during rains, when water gets accumulated in front of our house, they are quite rude. When we contact HUDA officials, they put the blame at MC's doorstep,\" said Rajesh Tandon, a Sector 20 resident.Varuni Shikhawat, a resident of Sector 2, said, \"When you contact the authorities concerned, they simply pass the buck. I don't think this problem can be resolved in such an atmosphere.\"Dealing with waterlogging is the joint responsibility of HUDA and MC. However, HUDA and MC have been shifting the blame on to each other for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15133733", "title": "Gulf lure leads Calicut University to ease norms of its MBA courses", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to attract more and more students from the Gulf to its distance education programme in MBA course, the Calicut University has tweaked the course regulation for the course.The move comes at a time when the Gulf centres are turning out to be cash cows for the varsity.According to the new rules for the distance education MBA course to be offered from this year, even dropouts who discontinue the course midway will be able to get a postgraduate diploma degree in management.Students have to clear just seven out of 30 papers for the diploma. Even those who pass one semester of the course will get Diploma in Management (DIM).Strangely the varsity does not have an independent diploma or PG diploma programme in management and they are tailor-made for the distance education MBA programme. The option of shifting from MBA programme to the DIM/PGDM is also available exclusively to those pursuing MBA via distance education.The university aims to admit 400 overseas students to the MBA programme from the Gulf along with an equal number of students from the state. Another 200 students from other states in the country will make up the 1,000-strong cohort of the maiden MBA distance education course, which will commence later this year.University sources said that the regulations have been framed taking into consideration the demands from overseas centres and Gulf-based students.\"The provision for awarding post graduate diploma in management to students who fail to complete the programme has been taken in view of the interests of overseas students who often have to discontinue the programme due to work related or other family exigencies,\" said K P Muraleedharan, dean of commerce and management studies.University distance education department sources however said that the Gulf centres have been pushing the varsity to adopt a more liberal MBA programme to suit their business interests.\"There is significant demand and industry standing for MBA degree of Calicut University in the Gulf and they want a flexible programme,\" an official said.The newly-drafted university MBA distance education regulations read 'on completing successfully the first semester candidates are awarded with the Diploma in Management (DIM). Candidates who have registered for MBA programme but could not successfully complete all the courses necessary for the award of MBA degree, but completed some courses successfully can switch over from MBA programme to the following PG Diploma programs after the second semester MBA examination.'The PG diplomas on offer are in financial management, marketing management, human resource management and international business.The university had earned around Rs 4 crore last year from the nine overseas centres and the varsity is considering doubling the number of Gulf centres.The overseas centres currently offering the MBA programme are AGI Atlas International College and Horizon Knowledge of Management Training in the UAE and Friday Forum (CAMS) Kuwait. Four other existing overseas centres in the UAE have also applied for permission to start offering MBA courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15133951", "title": "MLAs now want to manage clubs", "text": "BANGALORE: After their long standoff with the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) over issue of VIP passes for IPL matches, Karnataka legislators are now eyeing nomination to the management of prestigious clubs in Bangalore. Raising the issue during question hour in the legislative assembly on Tuesday, A Manju (Congress) sought to know the extent of land given by the government to clubs including Bangalore Club, Bowring Institute, Karnataka Lawn Tennis Association, Koramangala Club, Karnataka Golf Association, Cosmopolitan Club and Bangalore Club. The government deferred an answer, saying it needed more time.\"This information has to be provided by the cooperation department. My predecessor was holding this portfolio till recently. I've transferred it to BJ Puttaswamy and he may need a week's time\"' chief minister Jagadish Shettar said. Earlier, Congress legislators demanded the government nominate them to the management of these clubs since the land they're built on belonged to the government. \"The government should take steps to nominate legislators, who are people's representatives, to the management of these institutions,\" Manju said.Opposition members took exception to some clubs having a strict dress code such as formal western attire for men. \"Over 60 years after Independence, colonial rules still rule in these clubs. We have to rewrite rules to make them fall in line,\" they said. People are not allowed to wear dhotis to these clubs, they said. \"Former PM HD Deve Gowda and opposition leader Siddaramaiah cannot enter many of these clubs because they wear dhotis.When they allow indecent and revealing clothes to clubs, why not dhotis?'' Manju asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134144", "title": "Wanted 14 foot over-bridges, who will build?", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal corporation, for the past one year, has been planning to construct foot over-bridges (FOB) at 14 crucial locations in the city, but the ongoing tussle between the councilors and executive wing of MCG is resulting in the project's derailment.The MCG has included the project in the House agenda for discussion and approval several times. However, such items are not even being discussed in the House. \"The House has to approve the cost and even though we have included this item many times in the list of agenda, the councilors have not paid much attention,\" said an %official.Among the locations that are supposed to have these FOBs, include Shankar Chowk, Subhash Chowk, Rajiv Chowk and Mahavir Chowk.\"Out of the 14 FOB's that we have planned, six are supposed to have escalators. All the ground work is ready and the project is supposed to cost around Rs 50 crore. In fact, we had also called for tenders and selected three agencies to do the job,\" added the official.The councilors on the other hand, say that the MCG officials send the agenda very late and they don't get time to go through it. \"According to the municipal act, the MCG secretary should send a copy of the agenda at least five days before the House meeting is scheduled. However, we don't receive it well in advance and at times we get it only a couple of days before the meeting,\" said a councillor.\"Also, there is absolutely no discipline observed during the House meeting and councilor and officials walk in and out of the meeting hall at will. The agenda can be discussed and passed only if there is full attendance,\" added the councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15128936", "title": "Land lease case: Lt General Noble Thamburaj gets anticipatory bail", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Tuesday granted anticipatory bail to former vice-chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj in a defence land lease case.In the event of his arrest, Thamburaj shall be released on a personal bond and a surety bond of Rs 30,000 along with one or two sureties of the like amount, the bail order states.The court has also directed Thamburaj to cooperate with the CBI whenever he is called for questioning and not to leave Pune. The bail conditions will remain in effect till filing of the chargesheet in the case.On January 30, the Army Headquarters, New Delhi, registered a complaint with the CBI, alleging that Thamburaj (who was then the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Southern Command in Pune), and former defence estates officer S R Nayyar had extended undue favour to a construction firm, Kalpataru Builders, in a matter of leasing a bungalow on a prime defence land in the Pune cantonment.The complaint stated that Thamburaj and Nayyar ignored the rules and policies and violated the terms of lease. The Army Headquarters sought registration of offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct in the matter. On January 31, the CBI had carried out searches at the residences of Thamburaj and Nayyar and at the office of Kalpataru Builders in Koregaon Park.Thamburaj obtained ad interim anticipatory bail on March 21.Urging the court to confirm his bail, Thamburaj's lawyer Sudhir Shah argued on Tuesday that his client had made an out of court settlement with Kalpataru Builders in good faith and without any malafide intention and as per the suggestions of Pune Cantonment Board's (PCB) legal adviser and the then PCB president.Shah told the court that there were no allegations against Thamburaj, suggesting that he had received pecuniary benefits or bribe from Kalpataru Builders. Custodial interrogation of his client was not essential as he has cooperated with the CBI during interrogation and the CBI has seized documents in the case, Shah added.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena argued that Thamburaj had shown undue favours to Kalpataru Builders by making an out of court settlement, while ignoring the Bombay high court and the Supreme Court orders which were in favour of the Army.Saxena said Thamburaj has claimed to be ignorant about the court orders and he did not cooperate with the CBI during questioning.Thamburaj's custodial interrogation was essential to unearth the role of other army officers and private persons in the case, he added. The court upheld submissions of Thamburaj's lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129198", "title": "Gramsevak arrested for accepting 5,000 bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Tuesday arrested a gramsevak of Marnewadi in Mulshi taluka while allegedly accepting Rs 5,000 bribe for sanctioning an amount of Rs 2 lakh for digging a well under an employment guarantee scheme.The police identified the suspect as Devidas Baburao Dhage (30) of Urwade in Mulshi taluka. A complaint has been lodged by Dilip Dinkar Marne (30) of Ambegaon Urwade with the ACB.Assistant police commissioner (ACB) B M Kale said the state government has approved Rs 2 lakh for the digging of a well on Marne's farm under the employment guarantee scheme. Dhage demanded Rs 5,000 from Marne to sanction the money.Marne approached the ACB and lodged a complaint. Police inspectors Vaishali Galande and Prakash Shinde laid a trap and arrested Dhage, while he was accepting Rs 5,000 from Marne at a restaurant at Lavle Phata on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15134964", "title": "Rally against Bihar Police by Silchar students", "text": "SILCHAR: The All Cachar Karimganj Hailakandi Students' Association (ACKHSA) and its youth front on Tuesday brought out a rally carrying an effigy representing a dead body of Bihar Police to protest against the brutal murder of Pritam Bhattacharjee (25), a resident of Silchar, and Bihar Police's failure to book the culprits even eight days after the recovery of his body from a place near Naugachhia railway station in Bihar.The effigy was carried in a hearse decorated with flowers. The procession was joined by hundreds of youths and students. It started from Sahid Kshudiram Bose Statue in the Club Road locality of the town and ended at the office of the GRP at Silchar railway station in Tarapur. The rally passed through all main streets of the town.The protesters, led by Youth Front president Promode Srivastav, staged a dharna in front of the GRP office in protest against the inaction of Bihar Police in the Pritam murder case. ACKHSA founder-president Pradeep Dutta Roy said they will launch a bigger agitation if the killers are not arrested and punished immediately.There was a scuffle between the protesters and police at the gates of the DC's office as there was no one in the office to receive the memorandum. However, DC Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta turned up to take the memorandum and assured the agitators to take up the issue with appropriate authorities.Throughout the week, the members will organize a signature collection campaign to pressure the government to launch a CBI probe into the death of Pritam, an MSc in physics from Guwahati University. The body of Pritam was found on June 16 from the railway tracks under Kataria overbridge near Naugachia station in Bhagalpur district of Bihar. Earlier on Monday, students brought out a rally in Silchar, braving torrential rain, under the banner of Justice for Pritam Forum (JPF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134001", "title": "Sacred Heart told to reply in a month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Sacred Heart School failing to reply to the Central Board of Secondary Education's notice to take necessary action against the then school principal and staff involved in wrongful expulsion of student Ruchika Girhotra on the ground of non-payment of fees, the board has decided to issue a final disaffiliation notice to it.If this time too the school fails to give a satisfactory explanation for the delay in a month, then it will be disaffiliated without prior notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "the institute of nursing education, bambolim, under the directorate of health services, will conduct the second batch of 'home health aide' (home nursing) course of one-year duration from august 2012. forty seats are available for this course, out of which 30 are for females and 10 are reserved for male candidates. the educational qualification and other requirements are specified below", "code": "15134816", "title": "Home nursing course at Bambolim", "text": "The Institute of Nursing Education, Bambolim, under the directorate of health services, will conduct the second batch of 'Home health aide' (home nursing) course of one-year duration from August 2012. Forty seats are available for this course, out of which 30 are for females and 10 are reserved for male candidates. The educational qualification and other requirements are specified below: Class X pass (SSCE) from the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education, knowledge of Konkani and English, age minimum 17 years as on June 30, 2012, 15 years residence certificate in Goa. Walk-in interviews will be held on August 6 at 10.30am in the office of Institute of Nursing Education, Bambolim. The registration time is from 9.30am to 10.30am. For details, contact the office of Institute of Nursing Education.Power shutdownDona Paula (July 25): Between 9am and 4pm. Areas to be affected are Raj Bhavan, Marivel village, La Marvel colony and NIO Institute, Hawaii beach area, Dona Paula, area behind police station and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137396", "title": "Row over Kerala State Films Award", "text": "Mollywood filmmakers have never been averse to looking at foreign flicks for 'inspiration.' From directors Priyadarshan to Amal Neerad, the industry has churned out close to 70 movies which were either loosely based or direct ripoffs of international films and arguably some of them were even better than the original. Now, with National Award winning actor Salim Kumar stating that such films shouldn't be considered for State Film Awards on the grounds of a lack of originality, we take a look at some of these critically acclaimed and-feted films that were 'inspired' and localised for the Malayali audience.Jury was in the dark? At the press conference organised to announce this year's State Film Awards, its jury chairman and noted filmmaker K Bhagyaraj was asked why remakes such as Rathinirvedham and films such as Pranayam and Chappa Kurishu were considered for the awards when they were rumoured to be copied or inspired from other languages. The noted filmmaker replied, \"I wasn't aware of that. I am just coming to know of that right now since you asked.\" Kaazhcha(2004) Inspired By: Bashu, The Little Stranger (1989) Award: State Award For Best Film Director Blessy's debut flick went on take the top honour in that year's State Award and tells a moving tale of a filmprojector operator ( Mammootty ) who gives shelter to a young Gujarati boy, who is smuggled into Kerala post the Gujarat earthquake. The disaster in the Iranian film was the Iran-Iraq war and climax has the family adopting Bashu , while in Kaazhcha , the most impactful and introspective scenes are when the authorities inform that the boy has to spend his time in the refugee camp till his parents can be identified. Meghamalhaar (2001) Inspired By: Breif Encounters (1945) Award: State Award For Second Best Film Director Kamal's poetic tale of extra-marital relationships was widely-acclaimed due to the its mature and offbeat theme of two married people who meet each other accidentally and slowly fall in love as they spend more time together. The British flick, Brief Encounters , was told from the woman's perspective about the furtive meetings with another married man and how their relationship is an escape from the dull ties of their existing marriages. Ente Mammatti Kuttyammakku(1983) Inspired By: Annie (1982) Award: State Award For Best Film, Director Fazil's tale of a no-care-in-the-world orphan (Shalini) would seem to be majorly inspired by Annie hadn't it been for the melodrama between the families, the one that is trying to adopt her and her real one. But it's this element of drama, which makes for several heart-tugging scenes in the film and gives it a life of its own.Chaappa Kurishu (2011) Inspired By: Handphone(2009) Awards: State Award For Second Best Actor (Fahaadh Faasil) Even though the film has received rave reviews and did well at the box office, it was in the centre of the 'copy controversy' since the launch of its trailer. It's promo was a direct copy of Alejandro Inarittu's 21 Grams , it's poster was inspired from Spanish flick Amores Perros , certain portions of the film was influenced by the South Korean film Handphone and its structure was similar to Hollywood film Changing Lanes .Pranayam(2011) Inspired By: Innocence (2000) Awards: State Award For Best Director While it was widely speculated that Pranayam was 'copied' from Innocence , in addition to having a few scenes inspired from the 2010 Chinese film \u2014 Apart Together , actor Salim Kumar's comment has made way for serious comparisons. Both Innocence and Pranayam share a similar story plot \u2014 of lovers who have been apart for decades, rekindling their affair and thereby complicating the matter. Providing more depth to the story is the ill health of the woman's husband.Vinodayathra (2007) Inspired By: My Sassy Girl (2001) Awards: State Award For Best Screenplay While it's highly unlike Sathyan Anthikad to lift scenes from another film, few scenes were arguably inspired by the South Korean movie My Sassy Girl . The topic was even taken up by people who widely decried the director's State Award and asked for it to be withdrawn. However, apart from the few scenes, the movie was replete with Sathyan's trademark humour and social messages.Akaashadoothu(1993) Inspired By: Who Will Love My Children? (1983) Awards: National Award For Best Film on Family Welfare It is arguably one of Mollywood's best tearjerkers with stellar performances from the legendary Murali and Madhavi. The flick, which had Madhavi's character diagnosed with terminal leukemia, is loosely inspired by an American biographical film about a mother of 10, Lucile Fray, who is diagnosed with cancer and wants to find suitable homes for her children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129385", "title": "Rainwater harvesting must for new buildings", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee on Tuesday approved a resolution to make rainwater harvesting system mandatory for all new constructions and existing government owned buildings in the city. The committee also approved the heritage walk proposal.The committee's chairman Baburao Chandere said, \"The members unanimously approved the resolution that new buildings that will come up in the city must have rainwater harvesting. Old buildings owned by the government and civic body should develop them.\"Ward level funds allocated to corporators for development works could be used for cleaning of wells, the committee resolved. \"Water scarcity is looming large and the municipal commissioner has ordered the acquisition of wells. Corporators can use their local funds to clean wells and make the water potable,\" said Chandere.The committee also approved a heritage walk proposal, but without a tonga ride. The idea is to introduce the old historical city of Pune to tourists and the new generation and to showcase rich heritage structures located in the old city. The heritage walk will be started with the help of Janwani of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture.A proposal about implementing the project on daily basis came up before the standing committee. There are around 250 heritage structures in old Pune including the historic Lal Mahal, Shaniwarwada, Vishrambaugwada, Kasba Ganpati and Mahatma Phule Mandai. A heritage walk will be undertaken on the 2.5 km stretch from Shaniwarwada to Vishrambaugwada which also includes Shivaji Pul-Ghorpade Ghat, Lal Mahal, Kasba Ganpati, Nana Wada, Nagar Wachan Mandir, Belbaug, Mahatma Phule Mandai and Tulshibaug Ram temple.Chandere said the tonga ride was cancelled because citizens and tourists would have to pay heavy fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15134763", "title": "HC upholds order to confiscate ex-DGP's property", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday upheld the verdict of a designated special court, Patna, for confiscating the property of former director general of police (DGP), Bihar, Narayan Mishra.A single bench presided by Justice Mandhata Singh, however, gave some relief to the former DGP ruling that the disproportionate assets of Mishra and his relatives, worth about Rs 1.35 crore, should be confiscated and not the entire Rs 1.40 crore property as had been ordered by the special vigilance court on February 1, 2012, under the Special Courts Act.Dismissing the criminal appeal of Mishra, who had challenged the verdict of the special vigilance court for confiscating the property in his name as well as in the name of his relatives, the single judge bench held that the property worth more than Rs 5 lakh, which include a flat in Pavan Villa apartment in Digha locality in Patna registered in the name of Narayan Mishra's wife Kanchan Mishra, did not form part of the disproportionate assets of the ex-DGP.The high court on Tuesday held that the property of Mishra and his relatives worth around Rs 1.35 crore was found by the special court to be disproportionate to his known sources of income and should be confiscated. The check period for probe into the former DGP's property disproportionate to the known sources of his income was from 1984 to August 8, 2007.Mishra himself argued his case submitting that the flat registered in the name of his wife was his dwelling place and a living place of his family members. So, it should not be confiscated, he pleaded. Mishra's property to be confiscated on the basis of the high court order includes his four-storey building in Ved Nagar near Rukanpura in Patna west.Mishra had filed his appeal in March and the high court had stayed the verdict of the Special Court on March 15.Other assets ordered by the special judge for confiscation and upheld by the high court include a four-storey building in Ved Nagar worth Rs 41 lakh, a plot of land at Medini Nagar in Patna west worth Rs 23 lakh in the name of his daughter-in-law Rita Pandey Mishra, a plot of land at Singham village in Hazaribagh district worth Rs 1.34 lakh and the bank accounts, including the accounts in Mumbai.The property of Mishra in Bihar and Jharkhand would be confiscated following the high court verdict.Mishra is the fourth state government official whose property is to be confiscated under Bihar Special Courts Act.Earlier, the bungalow of former IAS officer, S S Verma, in Rukanpura here was confiscated and a dalit school is being run on its premises. The house of a former treasury officer, Girish Kumar, in Patna was also confiscated and a school is being run there. The immovable property of an assistant of Gaya district administration, Yogendra Prasad Singh, was also confiscated earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129498", "title": "Woman dies trying to save husband", "text": "PUNE: A 60-year-old woman died when she tried to stop her brother-in-law and his son from beating her husband. The incident took place at Dongargaon near Lonikand in Haveli taluka on late Monday night.The Pune rural police identified the victim as Saraswati Dnyanoba Gaiwad. The Lonikand police on Tuesday arrested Maruti Bhivaji Gaikwad (60) and his son Navnath (35) on the basis of a complaint lodged by Saraswati Gaikwad's son Chandrakant (38).Saraswati's husband Dnyanoba and his brother Maruti had a dispute over a farm land in Dongargaon. On Monday night, Dnyanoba and Maruti had a fight, following which Maruti and his son Navnath started beating Dnyanoba.When Saraswati tried to stop them, Navnath gave Saraswati a push. Her head banged against the wall and she started bleeding. Saraswati was rushed to a private hospital where she was declared dead.Maruti and Navnath were arrested on Tuesday evening, said Inspector Rajendra Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15134431", "title": "Ponda MLA raises issue in House", "text": "PORVORIM: Night soil tankers are emptying sewage into the 8km-long nullah passing through Ponda town, MGP MLA Lavoo Mamledar alleged on Tuesday.Raising the issue in the Goa assembly, he said the nullah originating from Curti and emptying into river Zuari was once used by people to wash clothes. \"But now if they dip a white cloth into it, it will become colourful,\" he said.He alleged that waste from various sources, including a brewery, is being released into the water body.\"A private night soil tanker is seen emptying night soil into it,\" he alleged.Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar said he would present a report on the pollution within eight days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15135017", "title": "CRPF man killed in encounter", "text": "SHILLONG: A sub-inspector of the elite CoBRA (Commando Battalion for Resolute Action) division of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) was killed and a constable seriously injured during an encounter with militants of the banned Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in the Durama forest range in East Garo Hills of Meghalaya on Tuesday.\"At about 11 this morning, while a team comprising personnel from CoBRA and Meghalaya's Special Weapons and Tactics ( SWAT ) was conducting search operations at Nabokgre village, about 15km from Williamnagar, they came under fire from GNLA cadres as a result of which sub-inspector Pradeep Kumar of CoBRA died on the spot and constable Munna Yadav, also of the CoBRA, sustained bullet injuries,\" East Garo Hills deputy commissioner Vijay Mantri told TOI over the phone.\"The body of the ASI was airlifted by an Air Force chopper and the injured CRPF constable was rushed to Guwahati for treatment,\" the DC said.\"The police team also retaliated but the militants escaped; one of them is reportedly injured. The police team had to exercise restrain because of the presence of villagers,\" he added.The militants escaped towards South Garo Hills taking advantage of the thick jungle cover.Earlier on Monday, security forces busted a camp of the GNLA, where its self-styled 'C-in-C' Sohan D Shira was camping. The training camp was jointly set up by the GNLA and the United Liberation Front of Asom (Ulfa).\"As of now, we have an upper hand on the militants,\" the DC said even as he added that further details of the encounter would be available once the security forces return from the ongoing operation against the militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15133754", "title": "Bus terminal plan at MC gets govt nod after 7 years", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After a seven-year-long wait, the city corporation has finally received a nod from the chief town planner (CTP) for the plan to build a bus terminal at the Kozhikode Medical College. The move is likely to put an end to the traffic chaos at the medical college junction where at present there are six private bus stops.Under the plan, a shopping complex-cum-bus terminal will be built on the 2.65 acres of land at the medical college hospital on a built-own-operate basis and would cost around Rs 30 crore.The original plan was mooted in 2004-04 and a group of non-resident Keralites under the name of Malabar Infrastructure Private Limited (Minfra) had come together to invest in the project.\"It took seven years to get the sanction. It came at a time when we almost lost the hope. The delay had disheartened the investors. A meeting of the investors will be convened soon to discuss future plans,\" said K P Mohammed Ali, managing director of Minfra.Though the corporation had submitted the plan for CTP approval earlier too, it was rejected thrice. First it was rejected citing that the land is not suitable for the project. Later on it was turned down twice citing changes in the Kerala Municipality Building Rules.The project which will come up in an area of 4 lakh sq ft will include bus bays to park 20 buses at a time, two base areas for parking and a commercial complex. There will also be a tower block and commercial space on top of the building.Kozhikode corporation executive engineer A M Jayan said the private party will pay a fixed annual sum to the corporation in return for operating bus bay at the proposed site.He said the civic body has also received approval for the multi-crore Kalluthankadavu project aims at rehabilitating people residing in the slum area.K Radhakrishnan, general secretary of the Bus Operators' Association, said the project will put an end to the congestion at the medical college junction and will help patients coming to the hospital from far-off places.Currently the junction acts bus stops for buses playing towards six directions including Thamarassery, Narikkunu, Mukkom, Mavoor, Pantherankkavu and Ramanattukkara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15136791", "title": "Kareena develops cold feet, calls off October wedding", "text": "The actress is worried that marriage may interfere with the quality of projects coming her wayIn an interview to an international magazine, Bollywood's biggest export Freida Pinto had doffed her hat to Kareena, crediting her for the way she changed the rules of the male dominated industry. Seems Pinto may have spoken a little too soon.For despite commanding a competitive remuneration and bagging solo lead projects, Kareena has decided to play it safe after all - she has reportedly developed cold feet about her October wedding to Saif Ali Khan after the discouraging industry response to her plans to get hitched this year.According to sources, the actress, whose Heroine is set to release on her birthday, September 21, believes she is at her career-peak. She has signed on a few other big banner projects, one of them with younger Imran Khan and she is not prepared to concede any ground to her rivals who are hot at her heels. Especially after Bhansali's biting remark that \"no married heroine\" can be his Juliet, Kareena and Saif decided, it was better to focus on her career right now. In fact, sources close to the couple say they were concerned that the wedding may alter the quality of projects offered to her. And Saif, being the understanding partner that he is, did not want her to compromise.Sharmila Tagore who had sounded excited about the October 16 wedding earlier, admitted to TOI that the wedding is not happening as per schedule. In fact, she refrained from discussing further plans apparently because her son has asked her not to speak about it until he and Bebo finalise them.This would be the second time the wedding has been postponed. Earlier Saif had said in his interviews that they would tie the knot after the release of Agent Vinod.Though the mother chose to stay mum, a family friend revealed: \"The wedding was indeed scheduled for October 16. The arrangements had begun. In fact, when Sharmilaji and Bebo were in London last month along with the rest of the family, they shopped for the wedding as well. The venue and the guestlist were also finalised. But Bebo has second thoughts now,\" said the friend.And though Saif's mother rose to stardom after her marriage, the same reasoning has failed to work with Bebo. \"But Sharmilaji is a very non-interfering mom and, by extension, a hands-off mom-in-law. Reports that she has served Saif and Kareena an 'ultimatum' to marry are completely false. She is the last person to persuade her children into taking any decision, especially one as serious as marriage. She has left the final decision to Saif and Kareena,\" said the friend.While Kareena's cold feet may have been the primary reason behind the wedding being called off, a section of the industry believes that the dispute over the Pataudi family property in Bhopal may also have something to do with it. Saif's sister Saba is the current custodian of the Auqaf-e-Shahi (the royal wakf properties) but the impending marriage of the crowned Nawab of Pataudi, Saif to a Hindu, Kareena, had family members worried about the future. His cousin Faiz Bing Jung had in fact stated, \"The custodian of Auqaf-e-Shah i has to be a Muslim. We are apprehensive about the future.\"Sharmila however, dismissed the reports calling them a 'complete lie'. \"They are going to get married very soon. But with the current date postponed it's hard to say when,\" the concerned friend concluded.And though Bebo chose not to comment on it, the wedding, say insiders may not happen this year after all. In the light of these developments, it would be interesting to see if there is a reconciliation between Bhansali and Kareena over Ram Leela .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15137734", "title": "Ready for Malayalam acapella?", "text": "An acapella (singing without the accompaniment of musical instruments) might be new to Malayalam, but for the man behind the venture, this will be the second in his career. Kollywood singer-composer Devan Ekambaram's maiden acapella in Malayalam comes after his much-appreciated one in the K'wood flick, 'Bale Pandya', which had 20 singers crooning the song Happy, without any musical accompaniment. Devan's second acapella, this time around, in Malayalam, will feature a host of singers including Aalap Raju (who just won the Filmfare Award for his songs in Ko), Sikander Ali, Delsy and Jane, besides himself. Devan has been toying with the idea of doing a second acapella. But why in Malayalam, we ask. \"Maybe 'coz I'm surrounded by Malayalam and Malayalis everywhere, including in Chennai,\" he says on a playful note. And when all five of them, who are to sing in composer Sunny Viswanath's next, met, they just decided to do it right away. \"I've known Aalaap for long. In fact, he was a part of the Happy song in Bale Pandya as well,\" says Devan. A Malayali himself, Aalaap (he is the grandson of the late Mollywood singer Shanta P Nair and son of singers J M Raju and Latha Raju) is excited about singing in Malayalam for the first time, though he is a popular singer in Kollywood and Tollywood who's M'wood debut hasn't happened yet. \"The acapella is a genre that hasn't been tried on a commercial angle in Malayalam before,\" he says, adding, \"Singing Devan's Happy was a wonderful experience and all of us were even featured in the film.\" Asked what genre an acapella can be classified into, Aalaap says, \"It's not quite pop; not entirely on a ballad style either... however, I think it can broadly be classified under pop,\" says Aalaap, who is also a bass guitarist. The lyrics have been penned by Delsy Ninan. The makers intend to release track as a single this Onam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15118579", "title": "Preity Zinta to play Sunny Deol's wife", "text": "Preity Zinta who has lately been brushing up her French etiquettes now goes straight into the role of a firebrand Varanasi-based wife in Neeraj Pathak's Bhaiyyaji Superhit.Preity has been cast as a gangster's daughter and Sunny Deol's loud and aggressive wife, and she'd have to practise hard for her part. The role apparently requires her to talk fast in the local accent.Says director Neeraj Pathak, \"Preity plays a Varanasi ki ladki with a local accent. She is super-excited about the role.\"We're just super-excited that Sunny has finally found a leading lady befitting his stature. Sunny paaji and Preity mademoiselle go back a long way, to Anil Sharma's The Hero where she had played a Kahmiri girl. Incidentally, if not interestingly, Sonam Kapoor is also playing a girl from Varanasi in Aanand Rai's Raanjhanaa.With both Preity and Sonam Kapoor working hard on getting the Varanasi accent and body language right, the chic duo seem locked in quite a combat to get into the heart of a UP girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15135078", "title": "BJP leaders served notice for c", "text": "KANPUR: The state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to initiate action against leaders who let down the party in recently held Legislative Assembly and civic elections.According to sources, state office-bearers have issued notice to 26 leaders, while 16 leaders have been expelled. Among those to whom the notice has been issued five are high profile leaders who are likely to be expelled from the party.The sources added that as soon as these leaders got the news, they called on senior party leaders requesting them to convince the state office-bearers to reconsider their decision.In the notices issued to 26 party workers, it has been stated that they worked against the party candidates and helped the rivals to post a win in the elections. Written complaints against them were submitted by the party candidates to the state office-bearers.The notice issued by Surendra Maithani, city BJP convener, had given 10 days time to the workers involved in anti-party activities to file their explanation failing which the party would be free to take action against them.Deepu Pandey, Seema Tiwari,Anand Mishra, Awadhesh Pandey ,Prem Singh, Somnath Tiwari, Ram Shankar Agrahari,Vijay Rathore , Pramod Mishra and Rajkumar are among those against whom notices have been issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15133282", "title": "CM's 'London' lights a bill too much", "text": "KOLKATA: There isn't enough money in the city's civic coffers to fund the chief minster's London dreams.Trident lights - one of the key elements in chief minister Mamata Banerjee's design to make the old British capital look like a twin of the new one - have drawn a fair amount of criticism from different sections of society ever their installation started a few month after the Trinamool Congress came to power. Some felt they were not aesthetic; others questioned the wisdom of spending crores of rupees in fancy lights when basic services remained unattended.Now, a section of the administration has raised eyebrows on the matter. The finance wing of the KMC, the agency installing thousands of lights along roads and alleys across the city, has declined to foot this huge expenditure that mayor Sovan Chatterjee has been pushing for.The KMC's contractors have submitted a bill of Rs 25 crore for installing 15,000 lights in the city streets since January. That means each trident light costs Rs 18,000.What is more annoying for the civic bosses is the manner in which the orders have been placed. No tender was invited, either through the KMC portal or Tender Barta, a civic magazine. To their dismay, finance officials at the civic body found the lighting department had created as many as 500 files, each showing a cost of Rs 5 lakh, to arrive at the Rs 25 crore figure.But why create so many files? According to KMC officials, breaking up the Rs 25 crore bill into smaller portions helps civic bosses bypass a KMC rule that makes it tenders mandatory for spending on capital goods worth over Rs 5 lakh. Before the work orders is issued, a nod is also required from the municipal commissioner.KMC lighting department director-general Gautam Pattanayak refused comment when asked about the alleged irregularities involved in the trident light project. He said he had submitted the report to the KMC finance wing. The mayor conceded the issue was \"tricky\" but claimed the problems had been sorted out. He, however, did not elaborate how.A section of the civic officials contradicted his claim and said the matter was far from resolved as the new municipal commissioner, Khalil Ahmed, had refused to sign the files. Manzar Iqbal, the member, mayor-in-council, overseeing the KMC lighting department feared a section of KMC officials could land in trouble due to the controversy.Sources in the KMC lighting department confirmed it has been asked to clarify the work process on several grounds. First, the finance department has questioned the awarding of the contract to select city-based firms without inviting tenders. The work order was given to some firms merely on the basis of a notice at the lighting department. To cover up the anomaly, the sources added, the lighting department was asked to prepare as many as 500 files for submitting bills, keeping the value of each file below Rs 5 lakh.Payments to contractors have now been stopped, thus bringing the city's beautification project to a halt. In the first phase, trident lights were installed in thoroughfares like Harish Mukherjee Road, J.L. Nehru Road, Cathedral Road, Rashbehari Avenue, New Alipore, S.N. Banerjee Road, Jadavpur and Tollygunge. The KMC lighting department was supposed to implement the project on BT Road, Bidhan Sarani, Chittaranjan Avenue, Ultadanga, Kankurgachi, Camac Street, Loudon Street, Ballygunge, Behala and some other areas.The trident lights are already bleeding the KMC's offers as monthly electricity bills have shot up by Rs 6 crore a month. Officials said the bill will escalate to Rs 30 crore once the trident lamp project is complete. \"Now, we have installed only 15,000 such decorative lamps. But, in another six months' time, we will instal another 35,000-40,000 such lamps. That will take the electricity bills to Rs 30 crore,\" a KMC official said. Another KMC official added, \"We have to shell out Rs 65-70 crore for installation of these decorative lamps.\"Congress councillor Prakash Upadhyay alleged that while thousands of people in Narkeldanga have been worst hit by a severe water crisis, such decorative lamps were a sheer waste of funds. \"We need drinking water, drainage and proper roads first. They are our priority. Installing decorative lamps comes next,\" Upadhyay said. Rupa Bagchi, opposition leader in the KMC, slammed the spending on trident lights as wasteful expenditure and demanded a probe into the anomalies. \"We need to shun such expenditure when essential civic services like water supply, drainage upgradation and disposal of garbage are taking a backseat,\" Bagchi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15132937", "title": "NCP to get new executive committee members", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will soon announce new executive committee members for their wards, blocks and legislative councils.The party will have 61 chairpersons for 61 wards of the city, six chairpersons for six divisions and three for the three legislative councils. These new executive committee members would b announced shortly.\"I will declare the names in the next few days,\" said city chief of the NCP, Sharad Koshire. He added that only 25% of the executive committee members will be senior party members while 75% will be new ones.\"We will have a state level training programme for them outside Nashik during Diwali wherein an expert speaker will guide them,\" said Koshire. He said that the speaker could be an experienced leader or a professional.He also said that the new NCP Bhavan at Mumbai Naka will be completed in the next six months, till then various city offices will be used for meetings and other official work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "15135069", "title": "3 killed as train rams into car in Assam", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Three people, including a child, were killed when a passenger train rammed into their car at an unmanned railway crossing near Margherita town in Tinsukia district on Tuesday.Police said Jitu Gogoi, a businessman from Margherita and a resident of Makumpathar village was returning home in his car with his family at around 7.45 am when the incident occurred.The car was hit by the Ledo-Dibrugarh passenger train as it tried to cross the unmanned level crossing at Makumpathar railway crossing number four. Gogoi, along with his 2-year-old child Harshit and father-in-law Dimbeswar Kalita, died on the spot. Gogoi's wife, Pinky was critically injured in the incident. Police, with the aid of locals, retrieved the bodies from the car, which was dragged several metres by the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15137000", "title": "Pitch, not rash shots caused batting collapse: MS Dhoni", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni blamed the unpredictable pitch for his team's abysmal batting performance in the lost second ODI against Sri Lanka , rejecting suggestions that rash shots led to the stunning collapse.India were on Tuesday bowled out for 138 in 33.3 overs -- their fourth-lowest ODI total in the past five years -- by the host team, which chased down the target in under 20 overs. The five-match series is currently tied 1-1.\"The pitch was next to the wicket we played on last time but it behaved in a completely different way,\" Dhoni said referring to the track used for the opening ODI in which India posted a 300-plus score.\"Initially the wicket was slightly on the slower side. Once Virat (Kohli) got out we lost a couple of more wickets very quickly.\"Before the batsmen could assess the wicket, we lost two wickets played on. I thought after that it was too much for batsmen like Irfan (Pathan) and Ashwin to come in and take us out of trouble,\" he added.But his opposite number, Mahela Jayawardene , disagreed with Dhoni insisting that the wicket was not that bad.\"Probably a touch slower, there were quite a few good balls as well. We bowled in good areas, created pressure, maybe couple of bad shots as well but I will take that any day.\"The important thing with the Indian batting line-up is picking up wickets and that's the only way we can control things and that is what we did today,\" he said.Dhoni defended his batsmen's shot selection, refusing to call them rash.\"I don't think they were shots that were really rash. People were looking for singles. If you see Rohit's ball (the one off which he was dismissed), the shot was on. But he got an inside edge and it went onto the stumps.\"It could have been his lucky day if it hadn't hit the stumps and he was still there to carry on with his innings. It is part and parcel of the game and a big learning curve. Hope the batsmen learn and they assess the wicket very quickly (in the next game),\" Dhoni explained.The wicketkeeper-batsman said the wicket here lacked pace and was difficult to bat on.\"Over here the wicket was slightly different, it (the ball) was stopping before coming on. I don't think there was too much swing for the bowlers, though there was a bit of breeze - meaning you can swing it a bit - but nothing unusual.\"I just thought the pace of the wicket was not really coming onto the bat and that's the reason why we lost too many wickets initially.\"India now move to Colombo for the third game of the series and Dhoni said that his team has learnt some important lessons from the Hambantota stay.\"The boys adjusted well to the conditions whether it was the bowling or the batting department. Today the performance wasn't so good but still, the kind of wind we faced here was the kind that one usually gets to see in Wellington in New Zealand,\" he said.I think given the amount of time we had, we adjusted pretty well. So I am quite happy, (it was a) decent performance.\"Slowly and gradually you will see all the youngsters learning, especially about the importance of the middle overs, because that is where most of the cricket is played - right from the 15th-20th over, onwards till the 40th over,\" he added.Meanwhile, Jayawardene lauded his teammates for putting up near-perfect show in every department of the game.\"We were much more focussed in executing some of the game plans,\" Jayawardene said.\"I told the guys that we are capable of performing at the highest level so let's try and execute the game plan. That's what we did,\" he added.Jayawardene agreed that the wicket was a touch slower but felt the Indian collapse was brought about by good Sri Lankan bowling.Thisara Perera , who took 3 for 19 in eight overs, said he was keeping it simple.\"I just bowled on one side of the wicket as Mahela wanted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15133499", "title": "Nod to widen 3 Noida-Delhi bridges", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority and Delhi government have reached an agreement on widening of three of the five bridges over the Shahdara drain. This could spell major relief to commuters shuttling between Delhi and Noida from east Delhi and via DND Flyway. According to the agreement, the Authority will bear the cost of the project, which involves widening the bridges from two lanes to four lanes. The work, however, will be carried out by the Delhi government.Authority officials said the irrigation department of Delhi government will submit the detailed project report (DPR) as well as the design to the Noida Authority within a week. The Authority will give the estimated cost of Rs 50 crore in phases to the department. The project will involve widening of the sectors 14-A-14 bridge, sectors 16-A-18 bridge and the bridge near Okhla Barrage.The proposal for widening the bridges was first floated a year ago. However, the Noida Authority and the Delhi government could not thrash out an agreement for sharing of work, costs, etc. Earlier last year, the Delhi government had given the Authority permission to widen one of the bridges located close to the Dalit Prerna Sthal, along the congested stretch between Film City and Mahamaya Flyover.The work, which began in November last year, is being carried out at a cost of about Rs 20 crore and is supposed to be complete by May 2013. the Authority has also decided to construct three underpasses on Master Plan Road-III instead of the six elevated roads planned during the BSP regime.\"Considering the increasing traffic load on the bridge flanks, we have decided to fast-track the project. The details will be finalised in a week's time and work will begin soon after,\" said an Authority official. \"Widening of the bridges by one lane on both sides of the carriageway would bring major relief to commuters,\" said the official.The plan to construct six elevated roads has been shelved, and instead, the Authority plans to build three underpasses at a lower cost along the Master Plan Road-III. Each underpass will be around 600m in length. The first underpass near sectors 94 and 124 will ease movement of vehicles from Kalindi Kunj towards Noida. The second underpass near sectors 35 and 39 will ease flow of traffic along Shivalik Marg going towards Dadri, while the third one near sectors 51 and 71 will benefit those who travel to Ghaziabad through NH-24 via Sector 62 in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15135253", "title": "After heavy rains forecast, just a drizzle", "text": "SURAT: Most parts of south Gujarat recorded just a drizzle as against a forecast for heavy rains in the region on Tuesday. Only Dang district recorded significant rainfall of 55 mm compared to Mandvi in Surat and Kaprada in Valsad, which received 45 mm and 29 mm respectively during the day.There is no inflow into Ukai dam in this season of cultivation. Farmers of Surat, Navsari and Tapi districts are relying mainly on canal waters for sowing paddy and tuar crops.District agriculture office sources said, \"Sowing is getting over with irrigation waters. However, if we don't get good rains in the coming week, it would be difficult to sustain the crops in the region.\"At present, the water level in Ukai dam is 302 feet as against its capacity of 345 feet. Generally by July 24 the dam touches 330 feet mark because of rains in its catchment areas. There has been little inflow into the dam as the upper catchment areas in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra have had deficient rainfall.\"We have had some rains in the upper catchment areas in the last 24 hours and about 225 MCM water has started to flow into Ukai dam. This will take the dam level up to 304 feet. If the water level does not touch 334 feet mark, then we are in for trouble,\" in-charge officer, Central Water Commission (CWC), S K Mishra said.\"Sugarcane, chickoo, mango trees etc. can survive a scanty rainfall. The cultivation of vegetable and horticulture products will begin by September. If the rains fail completely, then we will be staring at problems in April-May next,\" assistant director, horticulture, Surat district, Dinesh Pataliya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132712", "title": "HP role for Sheila step towards Cabinet berth?", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what can be seen as a larger role for chief minister Sheila Dikshit in Congress's national politics, the leader has been appointed as chairperson of the Himachal Pradesh screening committee by party chief Sonia Gandhi.The move comes in the backdrop of reports that Dikshit will be given more prominence in national politics and her own reported desire to step outside Delhi. Earlier, she was made part of a three-member committee headed by defence minister A K Antony to asses the Congress debacle in the UP election.Sources revealed the decision after Dikshit met Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday. While she dubbed the visit as routine, it is learnt that the meeting touched upon issues \"politics but other than Delhi\".Her appointment as head of the screening committe comes at a time when there has been speculation over Dikshit being pitched for a role in the Union cabinet. Her selection to head a panel for an important state election can be seen as a step in that direction but whether it will mean her demitting the CM's office remains to be seen.With the UPA government saddled with the task of dealing with assertive allies like Natonalist Congress Party, the reshuffle is a fraught task. But if the Congress brass looks to give the cabinet a facelift, her experience in office may count.Congress sources said a change of CM may not be easy with an assembly poll bearing down in 2013. The party may need her to lead the campaign as there are no clearchoices to take over from Dikshit who has been the face of the government for three terms.Yet, after the drubbing in the municipal polls where the CM's decision to divide the erstwhile MCD into three ended up giving BJP an edge is also read as a warning that Dikshit's charm with Delhi voters is wearing thin. The government has much ground to cover in the run-up to the 2013 assembly polls and the party may leave it to Dikshit to tie-up lose ends and face the polls.Moreover, popular surveys indicate that as the third term of the CM draws to a close, Dikshit's government is being blamed for all the things that went wrong \u2014 the scam-studded Commonwealth Games related infrastructure projects, rising power tariff, water woes and failure to deliver on regularization of colonies.When she was asked about her role in national politics on Monday, Dikshit had said, \"I have not been informed about any such thing. I have a job to do and am doing it. As the Delhi CM my role is cut out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15128435", "title": "Pune ranks third in accidental death rate", "text": "PUNE: The accidental death rate for 2011 puts Pune in third place among 88 cities in the country. The rate is the number of deaths per one lakh population in a specific period.While Pune's accident death rate (ADR) of 73 was less than Asansol's (107.1) and Kanpur's (76), it was higher than the country's overall rate of 32.3 and the state's (53.9), the latest report from the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) on accidental deaths and suicides in the country has said.Pune with a population of 50.5 lakh reported 3,685 accidental deaths (AD) in 2011. It ranked first in 2010 with 3,822 cases. Asansol topped the list as it had 1,331 ADs in a smaller population (12.4 lakh) and Kanpur came next with 2,219 ADs in a population of 29.2 lakh.Other cities in Maharashtra which have an accident rate higher than that of the state include Nashik (60), Aurangabad (63.9), and Nagpur (54). Mumbai's accident death rate was 42.4.Accidental deaths are caused by natural causes like avalanche, cold , cyclone, starvation, earthquake, epidemic, flood, heat stroke, landslide, lightning, torrential rains and other causes attributable to nature.In Pune, which accounted for one such death due to lightning, ADs due to natural causes are negligible when compared to unnatural causes.These include accidental deaths in air crash, collapse of structure, drowning, boat capsize, electrocution, explosions, falls, machine accidents, fire, fire arms, sudden deaths caused by heart attacks , epileptic fits, abortions, under the influence of alcohol, killed by animals, mining disaster, poisoning and stampedes.Nearly 46.18 % accidental deaths in the city were attributed to 'unknown and other causes' as per the NCRB report. Sudden deaths contributed to 19.75 % of accidental deaths. Those due to fires accounted for 7.54 %, and deaths due to falls including roof collapses make up for 5.94 % of the total ADs.Road traffic accidents were also a part of unnatural causes, the report said. As many as 523 people died in traffic accidents last year accounting for 14.19 % of the ADs in Pune. Traffic accidents include those on roads, rail-roads, and rail accidents. Of these, 511 people died in road accidents in the city, it added.The NCRB's report shows more deaths in road mishaps than the report released by the traffic branch of the city police. As per the NCRB report, a total of 511 people died in road mishaps in the city last year. But the traffic branch report puts the figure at 417 people.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre told TOI that a correction was made in the traffic branch report, but the figure was not as high as 511. \"The earlier figure of 417 deaths related to on-the-spot deaths. There are incidents where persons meet with serious injuries and in some cases they succumb. As per our corrected figure, there have been 458 such deaths last year,\" he said.Most mishaps during peak hoursMost road accidents take place between 9 am and noon, and between 6 pm and 9 pm. On the other hand, the least road accidents take place between 3 am and 6 am, road accident statistics released by the NCRB for 2011 for Pune city show.Of the total accidental deaths due to natural and unnatural causes in the city, traffic accidents account for 14.19 %. A high number involves two-wheeler riders. Of the 511 deaths, 132 were two-wheeler riders. There were 1,531 accident cases last year in which as many as 1,336 people were injured.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said, \"We have been taking various measures for road safety throughout the year including public awareness campaigns, special drives against negligent and rash driving. One of the needs is to reduce the speed of vehicles. People must follow defensive driving practices. We have identified various accident spots. Road conditions in terms of road safety must improve. They should have proper lane markings, road signages, zebra crossings, and facilities for safe movement of pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15134272", "title": "Bank told to return Ashok Amritraj\u2019s Rs 6.5cr", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court fired an ace on behalf of former tennis star Ashok Amritraj, and directed the Canara Bank to return his fixed deposit amount of Rs 6.35 crore, which was withdrawn fraudulently, with interest immediately. The court also slapped an exemplary cost of Rs 50,000 on the bank for attempting to suppress facts and mislead the court.Justice N Kirubakaran said, \"A nationalized bank is required to act fairly, justly and reasonably in the interest of public and public good. If this could happen to a celebrity like Amritraj, who is a famous tennis player, what will be the fate of a lay depositor?\"The matter relates to a fixed deposit of Rs 6.35 crore that Amritraj had made in the Guindy branch of the bank in August 2010 through his manager Anis A Abid. The sum was to mature in August 2011 and he was to get back a total of Rs 6.81 crore. However, less than two months after the deposit was made, one Lawrence furnished pre-closure requests \"authorized\" by Amritraj and withdrew the money. Amritraj claimed he had not authorized any one to withdraw the money. He moved the court after the bank declined to return the deposit despite requests and notices.When the matter was taken up, the bank's counsel accused Amritraj of suppression of materials and false claims, but admitted that the bank had lodged a complaint with CBI saying a former chief manager had played fraud and withdrew Amritraj's money. The bank also said the court had no powers to hear cases, when there were disputed facts.Noting that even in a private dispute, the high court can interfere if there is any violation of statutory duty or it can be shown that a private individual is acting in collusion with a statutory authority, the judge said: \"Officials of the bank should have exhibited skill, prudence and responsibility while dealing with the alleged authorization letter produced by Lawrence. As the letter does not contain the name of the authorized representative or signature, the officials should have verified with Amritraj. It is evident that the bank is at fault, and it is well settled law that nobody can take advantage of his own fault. Therefore, the bank is required to return the entire amount along with interest till the payment.\"\"The bank officials are guilty of suppression of material facts and misleading the court. A nationalized bank should not have stooped to this level,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134803", "title": "Ensure FIR in missing children cases, court tells states", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed states of Punjab and Haryana and Chandigarh administration to ensure that FIR has to be registered whenever any information about missing children is provided to the police station. The HC also made it clear that a daily dairy report (DDR) was not enough when children go missing.A division bench of acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice Rakesh Jain has also directed both the states and UT to appoint state nodal officers to supervise and monitor the cases of missing persons and pass on the information to station house officers (SHOs) of police stations. The court also ordered setting up of a state-central unit for Punjab and Haryana at Chandigarh for dealing with such cases, to be headed by IG (special cell). Another unit for Chandigarh would be headed by an SP rank officer. Directions for providing sufficient staff were also issued.The directions were made by the bench after taking cognizance of the fact that the Haryana was registering an FIR \"only when it was found that a cognizable offence has been committed\". Otherwise, only a DDR was registered in the police station concerned. \"This is wholly against the directions issued by the Supreme Court on October 14, 2002, in Hori Lal's case and various advisories issued later by the Central government,\" it said, taking note of a judgment on the issue, placed before the court by amicus curiae, Anil Malhotra.The bench held that once the boys and the girls are found missing, there is no question of recording a DDR in the matter. Recording of DDR would not result in setting on motion the machinery of criminal justice, it observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15134654", "title": "S Arabia keen on Nalanda's organic potato", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Farmers of Nalanda engaged in growing organic vegetables received a shot in the arm with the dispatch of first consignment of vegetables to Mumbai on Thursday after the Nalanda Organic Vegetable Growers Federation (NOVGF) signed an agreement with a Mumbai-based firm Organic Garden, which primarily deals in organic vegetables in Mumbai and entire Maharashtra, recently for supply of organic potatoes grown in the district.The first consignment of 15 tonnes of organic potatoes and 2.5 tonnes of garlic dispatched to the financial capital of the country will boost the morale of the farmers as supply chain of the organic products of the district was needed to be strengthened for some time. A total of 500 tonnes of potatoes will be supplied to a Mumbai firm for over a period of three months, for which a sum of Rs 5 lakh has already been paid to the NOVGF as advance. \"After Kolkata, Mumbai has become the second cosmopolitan city to market organic vegetables grown in Nalanda,\" said Sanjeev Kumar, a member of the federation.Marketing of organic vegetables in cities like Kolkata and Mumbai is a good sign for the farmers of the district engaged in this kind of farming as it will not only fetch good return on investment, but will also encourage organic farming in other parts of the country, said district agriculture officer Sudama Mahto.At present, 500 farmers grow organic vegetables on over 500 acres of land in the district. Patna and Ranchi are already good markets for these products and the federation has received several inquiries from different states for supply of organic vegetables recently. \"The association has also received inquiries for supply of organic potatoes to Saudi Arabia as well,\" for which negotiations are on progress, said Shankar Mahto, another member of the NOVGF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15135231", "title": "Police inspector warns of stern action against raggers", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to curb ragging in city colleges, police have issued awareness pamphlets about ragging to students of Bishop Appasamy College of Arts and Science College at Race Course in the city on MondayRace Course police inspector S Saravana Devandran spoke at an awareness function, urging students not to indulge in ragging. This advice holds not only on campus, but off campus too, in playgrounds, hostels, etc. Students involved in ragging will be booked under section 4 of Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Ragging Act 1997. They will get two years rigorous imprisonment and will have to pay a fine of Rs 1000, he said.He advised the college management to take action against the guilty student under section 5 (dismissal of student) of the ragging act. Students should understand that if they rag others, they will be unable to get admission in any other college. Neither will they be eligible for government jobs.\"We will accept complaints from victims of ragging, their family members, guardian and the college management. We have installed complaint boxes at college campuses, hostels, play grounds and have been collecting the complaints once a week. Stringent action will be taken against violators,\" said Saravana Devandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15135009", "title": "CJM grants 5-day transit remand of Amar Kalita", "text": "VARANASI: Main accused in the Guwahati molestation case, Amar Jyoti Kalita, was taken to Guwahati on a five-day transit remand granted by the chief judicial magistrate's court here on Tuesday.Kalita was produced before CJM Amarnath Kushwaha in the afternoon by the Lanka police. After an Assam police team, led by SP (Operations, Guwahati City), Ranjan Bhuyan produced the warrant issued by CJM (Kamroop Guwahati), the CJM ordered to take Kalita to Guwahati where he would be produced before the court for further proceedings.As Kalita was brought to the Kutchehri premises under tight security, a large number of lawyers and litigants gathered near the CJM court. SP (City) S K Singh was also present there to take stock of the security arrangements. Kalita was taken inside the court at 3 pm.Before leaving the court to catch the flight for Guwahati, Bhuyan said with Kalita's arrest, a total of 14 accused have been arrested in the case. \"With Kalita's arrest, 14 of the 17 identified in the heinous incident on the Guwahati-Shillong road on the night of July 9 have been taken into custody. Of them, seven are in judicial custody while the reporter of a Guwahati TV channel -- Gaurav Jyoti Neog -- who filmed the incident, has been sent to judicial remand after his police custody ended on Tuesday.\"Bhuyan said that investigations were under progress and prima facie it seems the incident was spontaneous and not preplanned. \"The incident had started with sledging by the accused. They turned violent after the girl reacted,\" said Bhuyan. \"The initial video clippings were prepared with mobile phone and the reporter of a local news channel had arranged camera from his office located about half a kilometer away from the incident site. He said that Kalita had no criminal record with the Guwahati police.The special operation group and the Lanka police had arrested Kalita, a former government employee who was absconding since the incident, from Lanka area on Monday. When senior superintendent of police B D Paulson informed his Guwahati counterpart about the development, a team of Assam police reached the city.Kalita had told the police that he kept changing his location before reaching Varanasi and staying at a hotel. The police had succeeded in locating him in Varanasi when he contacted his family members and friends from a PCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15135379", "title": "Peacock deaths in Jhajjar district trigger concern", "text": "ROHTAK: Death toll of peacocks continue to rise in Badli region of Jhajjar district as another bird was found dead at the outskirts of Majri village on Tuesday. The wildlife officials said that they had found eight dead peacocks this month at separate places in the district. Wildlife inspector at Jhajjar Shri Niwas has confirmed the matter.\"We have been making efforts to get hold of the ailing birds to give them liquid doses on the prescription of veterinary officials of Hisar Agricultural University\". he said, adding that the department has urged people to place open pots outdoors containing the feed.According to wildlife officials, the prolonged heatwave and scant rainfall in the region is likely responsible for the deaths of the birds. \"Preliminary reports of the veterinary officials indicated that the peacocks died due to heatstroke. We have sent samples to Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Bareilly, in Uttar Pradesh. Reports are awaited,\" said Surender Singh, district wildlife officer in Rohtak.According to reports, a large number of peacock deaths had been reported in Rewari in the recent summer months. Though the official figures put the death toll around 20, the local people said it could have crossed 100. Similar incidents have been reported from the districts of Mahendergarh, Gurgaon and Faridabad as well.Wildlife inspector Niwas maintained that he did not have the exact data from other districts but since all these districts fall in dry areas, peacocks are prone to heatstroke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134097", "title": "Bengalis come to her family\u2019s support", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sujit Dass did not eat anything till he managed to get the paper work done for the release of the body. Sujit was not known to the Sarkars, but what connects him to the family of the deceased is a common home state -- Bengal. As soon as he read about the critical condition of Anupama Sarkar, 15, who died on Tuesday morning, he rushed to the PGI. He along with other members of the Bengali community from Panchkula consoled Anupama's father like a family.While Amit Sarkar, father of the deceased was in tears, these good samaritans stayed at the hospital till the girl's body was released from PGI's mortuary. \"We will support Amit and his family. He is not in a condition to fight against doctors' indifference. But we will stand by him and not let anyone suffer like his daughter,\" said Sujit.Right from arranging for the last rituals according to tradition, calling a Bengali priest and managing food and lodging for the Sarkars' relatives who have come from Kolkata, members of the Banga Parishad in Panchkula stood by the Sarkars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15131547", "title": "Shivranjani BPO gets threat call", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Manager of a BPO firm near Shivranjani has filed a complaint with Satellite police after receiving threat on Tuesday. Police have started tracking the mobile phone number used in the incident.According to Satellite police officials, Rakesh Jani, a resident of Prabhat Chowk, Ghatlodia, works as manager for Kisan Call Center, an initiative of department of agriculture and cooperation, located at IFFCO Bhavan, Shivranjani crossroads.\"As per Jani's complaint, his female agent was on line when a man called from his mobile number at 12.40 pm on July 20 and started abusing her after a brief conversation. He repeatedly called a couple of times before the agent picked up the call. The same man called up again at 2.30 pm on Monday and threatened to blow up the building. The agent informed Jani of the incident after which they decided to file a complaint of harassment and threat,\" said a Satellite police official.Investigating officials said that the owner has switched off the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "15135282", "title": "Ludhiana Metro project poses fresh challenge for fund-starved Punjab govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The much touted Ludhiana Metro project, which the SAD-BJP government is brandishing as a feather in their cap, has posed fresh challenges for the fund-starved state government. Nearly 20% of the cost of the project has to be funded by the state, as the Centre pools in an equal share and the rest will be funded by the bidder who gets prestigious project.With empty coffers staring at the state government, raising nearly Rs 2,000 crore, is a herculean task. The metro project is expected to cost Rs 10,300 crore, as against Rs 8,500 crore, envisaged a few years ago. Twenty per cent of this cost will fall on the state government, along with the responsibility of providing nearly 170 acres of land free of cost, and exemption from all kinds of taxes, amounting to Rs 500 crore.The government, which is literally running from hand to mouth, struggling to meet with even daily expenses and salaries of its employees, is looking at ways and means to fund the project out of people's pockets. One of the options being explored by the financially crippled government is to impose one per cent extra stamp duty on all the land deals happening in Ludhiana district.\"Land and property deeds worth Rs 700 crore are registered in Ludhiana every year. We can generate Rs 120 crore per annum, even if we raise the stamp duty by one per cent. Another option is to tax the passengers and put cess on the tickets. This way we can generate Rs 60 crore per annum. But the third option is very viable - to develop metro townships which can help mobilize Rs 1,500 crore,\"said a senior official in the government dealing with the project.The Ludhiana Metro project, recently approved by the Punjab cabinet, is slated to complete its first phase by 2018. With a total rail length of 29 km, it will have two corridors, one from the Ayali chowk to BBMB power house and the other from Gill village to Rahon road. About 27 metro stations have been envisaged. Most of the track is being planned underground as elevated track will necessitate people to be displaced and the government is wary of any agitations by local people in such eventuality.Total cost of Ludhiana Metro Project - Rs 10,300 crorePunjab Government's share - Rs 2000 croreShare of Central Government - Rs 2000 croreTotal rail length - 29 kmTotal metro stations - 27Land required - 170 acres", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15130920", "title": "Congress promises cheaper fuel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Congress has promised that if voted to power in the forthcoming state elections, the party would ensure cheaper petrol, diesel and CNG as compared to neighbouring states.Talking to reporters, Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee President Arjun Modhwadia said that the party will cut down on value added tax (VAT) levied on petroleum products in the state. He added that VAT on fertilizers will be abolished, once the party comes to power.He said, \"Gujarat is the only state which has imposed VAT on fertilizers. We will remove VAT and reduce the burden imposed by the BJP government on state farmers.\"Modhwadia, while announcing the first point of the party's 12-point \"Gujarat People Development Vision-2012\", said that the Congress will soon give the details of its other development plans for the state.Alleging that the rise in prices in the state was due to \"faulty economic policies\" of the BJP government, he said, \"Currently, people in Gujarat pay Rs 15 as VAT on one litre of petrol, Rs 9.31 on diesel and Rs 6 on CNG which works out to 25 per cent, 24 per cent and 15 per cent respectively which is much higher than the levy in other states like Delhi, Goa, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Haryana.\"President of Gujarat State Congress Campaign Committee Shankersinh Vaghela said, \"In the coming days, we will highlight the vision document and appeal people to decide if they still want to continue with this government which has exploited them for the past so many years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "sehjra(barnala)", "code": "15135201", "title": "Poll veteran Mitt Singh starts barefoot journey against corruption", "text": "SEHJRA(BARNALA): Call it a gimmick or his passion to indulge in bizarre things, but Punjab villager Mitt Singh Sehjra is on a mission again. A veteran of unsuccessfully contesting 41 elections -- to parliament, state assembly, etc -- Sehjra had filed nomination papers for presidential and vice presidential elections, only to be rejected on about seven occasions.Mitt Singh has now decided to undertake a yatra, barefooted, to highlight the issue of corruption in India, a day before social crusader Anna Hazare undertakes a fast on the issue at the national capital.Singh, 69, enjoys no mass following, but has thrown away his shoes, vowing not to wear these till he covers the 12,000 villages in Punjab on foot and makes people rise against corruption. He terms his campaign as equally important as that of Anna Hazare and yoga guru Ramdev.\"I have decided to undertake a rural yatra against corruption to highlight how it is impacting the lives of poor rural people, who have to shell out varying amounts for getting even their genuine works done\", said Mitt Singh, while starting the campaign from his Sehjra village on Tuesday.\"Though I will try to visit the whole nation for spreading the message, I will focus more on Punjab in the first phase. I will impress upon people to spare time on Independence Day to protest against corruption,\" said Mitt Singh.Mitt Singh had recently filed nomination papers for presidential election and had earlier contested against late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1978 from Chikmagalore, AICC president Sonia Gandhi from Rae Bareli in 2006 and against Rahul Gandhi from Amethi in 2009 parliamentary elections. In 1989, when militancy was at its peak in Punjab, he had posed serious problems for state machinery by filing nomination papers from seven parliamentary constituencies. Mitt Singh owns 14 acres of agricultural land at his native village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15134087", "title": "Missing foot over bridges kill 65 pedestrians in five months", "text": "GURGAON: As many as 184 people have lost their lives in 178 fatal accidents between January and May this year, registering an increase of about 15% in fatalities compared with the corresponding period last year.Ironically, largest number of pedestrians, 65, died while crossing the roads. Despite having high-speed expressway and MG road, Gurgaon lacks underpasses and foot over bridges (FOBs), which leaves pedestrian with no other option but to cross these roads. Even thought city administration has time and again promised construction on many more FOBs, nothing has been done so far. The second biggest reason behind death of pedestrians is speeding. As many as 36 such accidents were recorded.Likewise, heavy vehicles and four-wheelers were involved in 74 and 50 of fatal accident cases respectively.The accident data shows that two-wheeler riders and pedestrians are the most vulnerable lot on city roads. While 69 two-wheeler riders lost their lives in this period, 65 pedestrians were run over, mostly by speeding vehicles. Apart from that 23 bikers sustained grievous injuries.In the same period last year, 162 persons died in 150 fatal accidents. There is also a slight increase in the number of total accidents - fatal and non-fatal. While this year 430 accident cases were reported to police, the same figure was 407 last year.Similarly, 396 persons were injured in these accidents, compared with 401 accidents last year.The number of deadly accidents on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway has declined compared with last year. Till May this year, 52 accidents occurred on the expressway claiming 24 lives and injuring 50. In 2011, 32 lives were lost on expressway in 81 accidents.Among other roads, newly expanded Faridabad road has seen a significant rise in number of accidents due to speeding. In first five months of 2012 nine people died in eight accidents. Poorly maintained Sohna road also continues to be deadly stretch. Ten accidents have taken place here, in which 11 people died. According to traffic police, three interceptors have been deployed on Sohna road, Faridabad road and the expressway. Commuters drive at almost double the permissible speed limit on some stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15130935", "title": "BMC hospital trio lead in cardio procedures", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's first angioplasty was performed not in the five-star-like environs of a private hospital but in a civic hospital's medical school in central Mumbai. In 1987, Sion Hospital's cardiology department showed the country how blockages in the heart could be fixed without huge cuts and blood loss; only a thin catheter carrying a balloon travelled to the narrowed spot in the blood vessel and unclogged it.The two doctors who performed the landmark procedure, Dr A B Mehta and Dr D Pahlajani, are today counted among the country's leading cardiologists.Clearly, though Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray underwent an angioplasty in one of the city's poshest medical centres, Lilavati Hospital in Bandra, even a cursory look at the hospitals run by the Shiv Sena-ruled BMC reveals a classy performance over decades. Even the country's first angiography (a diagnostic procedure to find out the extent of blockages in the heart) was performed in Sion Hospital in 1978 by Dr M J Gandhi.The city's seniormost bureaucrats often land up at the clinics managed by cardiologists of these teaching hospitals, the logic being that doctors at medical schools have the best training and wide experience and are hence the best. \"Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan went to KEM Hospital's cardiology department for a checkup when he took over the office,'' said a doctor.KEM Hospital, the biggest corporation-run hospital located in Parel, boasts of two catherisation laboratories instead of one that most hospitals have. Cath labs are where minimally invasive heart procedures are performed. In fact, KEM Hospital's head of cardiology Dr Prafulla Kerkar holds the distinction of performing the largest number of procedures in the world to fix holes that develop in the heart's often forgotten areas known as the sinuses of Valsalva.The BMC runs medical schools at each of its three super-specialty hospitals - KEM, LTMG Hospital in Sion and Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central. The cardiology departments of each of these hospitals perform at least 3,000 procedures each year. But what differentiates these hospitals from the private sector ones is the fact that they perform procedures the latter wouldn't offer. \"We operate on children and pregnant women with rheumatic heart disease. These procedures won't be offered in the private sector because they aren't too lucrative a proposition,\" says an old-timer.Research is another area where municipal hospitals score. When the Lancet magazine published a study on the worldwide trends in heart diseases, data from KEM Hospital's cardiology department helped understand that Indians get heart attacks at least a decade earlier than their western counterparts.In fact, as an old student of KEM Hospital's medical school pointed out, \"About two decades back, Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickal would come down to Mumbai every week to teach cardiology at KEM Hospital.'' Dr Kalarickal, who is based in Chennai, is incidentally the cardiologist who performed the same procedure on Uddhav Thackeray at Lilavati Hospital last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134213", "title": "Couple booked for job fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Sonegaon police have booked a couple, in their fifties, for duping a man of Rs4 lakh. The con couple - Laxman Belsare (55) and his wife Pratibha (50) - had promised complainant Praveen Thute an assistant teacher's job in the school owned by them. Interestingly, Thute learnt later that the school, whose name was published in a newspaper advertisement by the couple, didn't exist at all. The Belsares, residents of Divya Nagari, Godhni, are absconding.Manish Nagar resident Thute (40) learnt about the vacancy through a newspaper advertisement. The ad showed the name of the school in Khapa. The ad also had Belsare's number which helped Thute contact him. According to Thute's complaint, Belsare told him that he owned the school and Pratibha was a senior teacher.Thute appealed Belsare to get a job for his wife Snehal, who is also highly qualified. However, Belsare demanded Rs18 lakh who then reduced the amount to Rs11 lakh on Thute's request. Thute said that he paid Rs11.50 lakh to Belsare. Later as said by Belsare, Thute with his wife went to the school to get an appointment letter but was shocked to know that such school didn't exist at Khapa.Thute called Belsare and threatened to file a police complaint against him. Belsare initially returned Rs7 lakh and promised to return the due amount later. Since last two weeks, Thute has been trying to contact Belsare but the number is not reachable. Hence, a helpless Thute lodged a police complaint on Monday. Police said Belsare's home is locked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15133781", "title": "Builder told to pay interest on form fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failing to refund the application amount to the applicant, in case of suspension of a house-building project in between, proved costly for Punjab government-run Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) as consumer disputes redressal forum has accused it for being deficient in its service.According to the complaint, Anudweep, resident of Panchkula, had applied with GMADA for an HIG (higher income group) house at Zirakpur. She paid Rs 3,000 to through draft on January 13, 2003, as the application fees.\"GMADA advertisement said in case the allotments are not made within two years, the applicants would be refunded the application money within a period of three months. I was not allotted any house and GMADA also failed to refund the application money,\" said Anudweep.In the reply, GMADA's counsel said land was acquired for pursuance of the said scheme but the project was stalled as the farmers, whose land was acquired, challenged the land acquisition in the Punjab and Haryana high court. However, after filing of the complaint, the application money was refunded to the complainant.In its judgement, forum maintained that the application money was to be refunded within three months after the expiry of two years from the date of closing of the demand survey. However, the amount was refunded in July 2011 and that too after filing of the present complaint, which amounts to deficiency in service.\"Even till today, interest on the said amount has not been paid. They have utilised the amount for such a long time, hence it is liable to pay interest on the amount kept by it from the date of deposit till it was returned,\" the forum observed.After listening to the arguments, the forum has directed the opposition party to pay interest at 9 percent per annum to the complainant on Rs 3,000 from the date of its deposit till payment.Besides, they have been directed to pay Rs 7,000 as litigation cost and Rs 5,000 to the complainant as compensation for causing mental agony and harassment to the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135115", "title": "Pay vacant plot dues fast, or risk losing it", "text": "INDORE: If you have bought a plot within the municipal limits hoping to get good returns some time in future, you better pay outstanding tax fast. Else, you would not be able to sell the piece of land or plot. Worse still, in case the dues are not paid by the end of August, the civic body will set in motion a process for their auction from September, said IMC secretary Abhay Rajangawkar.With a large number of unconstructed plots in the city, the Indore municipal corporation (IMC) has decided to collect taxes on these plots failing which they cannot be sold or transferred to anyone else. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is planning to launch a drive against plot owners who have not paid their dues from August 1.The city has around 40,000 vacant plots with pending property tax and most of these plots are under the IDA schemes, including in areas like scheme no. 54, Vijay Nagar and Bilawali.\"We will put up a board on some 500 empty plots in the first phase, informing that tax is due against this particular plot and that it cannot be sold or purchased unless the dues are cleared,\" said IMC secretary Abhay Rajangawkar. Most of these plots are owned by people, who had purchased them as an investment, he said.If the plot owners fail to settle their dues by the end of August, the civic body will initiate a process for their auction from September.He said the civic body came out with the idea because it was encountering difficulty in tracing address of empty plot owners. \"Most of the people who have bought plots as an investment are staying out of Indore and there is no proper record of their current residential address. Even if we serve notice, it will not reach them. So we have come up with the new idea,\" said Rajangawkar. A similar drive, carried out in March this year, helped the IMC to recover pending property taxes from around 7,000 vacant plots.He stressed that the move would not only help increase revenue collection of the civic body, but would also take up the number of tax payers. The civic body has around 3.85 lakh property tax account. Of these, 1.8 lakh had paid their tax in 2011-12. The civic body is aiming to collect property tax from at least 2 lakh properties in 2012-13.\"We have managed to collect Rs 80 crore from property tax in first quarter, which is Rs 10 crore more than the previous year in same period,\" Rajangawkar said, adding that they are expecting to collect Rs 150 crore as property tax in 2012-13. The civic body had collected Rs 128 crore as property tax in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15128046", "title": "Fresh controversy arises over teacher job test", "text": "RANCHI: The recruitment test for high school assistant teachers scheduled for August 29 continues to be mired in controversy. The latest agitation by candidates, who applied for the examination, was against the cancellation of 1,600 applications by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC).The 1,600 applicants belong to commerce background and they have applied for the examination under economics which is a subsidiary subject for them. The students claim that under the eligibility criteria mentioned in the form a person can apply in any subject in which he has secured 45% and above. So they applied in economics.Prabhat Ranjan Pandey, an applicant, said, \"When I tried to get my admit card online, every time a message flashed on the screen saying subject mismatch. When I approached the JAC, we were told that I could not appear in the examination as I should have applied in only the subject I did my honours with. If this was the case, why was it not mentioned in the eligibility criteria list?\"When the examination was conducted by the JPSC in 2008, those who appeared in subsidiary paper were allowed to take the examination but the rules have been changed by JAC. This was the last chance for many of the applicants who have been declared ineligible to appear in the examination because of age factor. Manoj Kumar , an applicant said, \"Many of the applicants will lose the last chance because of the JAC's move. If those 1,600 applicants are not given permission to take the examination, we will approach the court for their rights.\"JAC vhairperson Laxmi Singh said she had nothing to do with what the JPSC did and the rules would not be changed. \"Economics is a part of commerce, we do not consider it a separate subject. We have nothing to do with the rules of the JAC and if the students want to approach the court, they can,\" she said.Earlier also, the teachers' recruitment examination has been mired in controversies. First the examination was supposed to be conducted by the JPSC and the students deposited a draft of Rs100. Later, the JPSC was declared incompetent to conduct the examination and the responsibility was given to the JAC. Meanwhile, the JPSC did not return the money of students. The JAC declared May 23 as the date of the examination but the examination was cancelled because of lack of a proper syllabus.After announcing fresh date of examination and the issue of a new syllabus, a new controversy arose with the students claiming the syllabus issued was the same as that issued by JPSC when it conducted the examination in 2008, accusing the JAC and the HRD of wasting students' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15134776", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court joint registrar's son found dead in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Son of joint registrar of Punjab and Haryana high court, Himanshu Rai, 22, was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Sector 41 on Tuesday. Himanshu of Sector 22 had been missing for a day and his father Jagdish Rai had lodged a \"missing\" complaint at Sector-22 police post on July 23.The Sector-41 house from where the body was recovered was owned by Jagdish Rai and had been vacated by tenants recently. The victim was a student of SGGS College, Sector 26, and had left his house to apply for admission to BA-II, on Monday.A suicide note was recovered but Rai alleged his son was murdered. However, police officers claimed there were no circumstantial evidences to the crime. DSP (south) B S Negi said, \"The house was locked from the inside and the body hung from a ceiling fan. There was no sign of any struggle.\"Sources said that Himanshu did not blame any one in his suicide note but wrote he had been upset for long and could not inform his family. The suicide note containing the words: \"I love you\", sources said. The body was kept in the mortuary of GMSH-16 and cops have initiated inquest proceedings.The Sector 41 house is in the same locality where a sibling had been killed in December 2011. Cops said a number of people gathered outside when they came to know of the body being found. The exact cause of death would be ascertained after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15135160", "title": "IIM-I flagship course in Mumbai to begin in Sept", "text": "INDORE: IIM-Indore is all set to introduce its flagship Post Graduate Programme (PGP) from the commercial capital of the country from September onwards.The classes will be held at Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), CBD Belapur. Though the programme is not portable, the participants at Mumbai can feel the campus life for three months preferable in the IV term of the course. IIM-I would be the first among its counterparts to start a two-year full-time PGP curriculum on non-residential mode.According to the IIM, PRO, Akhtar Parvez, a total of 75 candidates will be given admission in the non-residential course at Mumbai branch. He said, \"The two-year programme covered in six terms in Mumbai would be similar to that of PGP at IIM-I.\" Faculty from the institute and professionals from industries across the globe would be a part of the teaching staff in Mumbai, he added.Candidates will have to undergo a written aptitude test and personal interview if shortlisted. The institute will conduct the written test on August 30-31, 2012. The course will commence from September 28.The candidates with 6 CGPA score along with CAT 2011 score or with GMAT score of 650 and above would be eligible for admission in the institute. The institute has declared the cut-off percentile for general category and reserved category students. The course fee will be Rs 7.5 lakh per year excluding hostel and medical, the PRO said.As per the institute sources, with IIM-I starting the flagship PGP from the commercial capital of the country, the chances for Mumbai are bleak having Indian Institute of Management (IIM).PGP in MumbaiWritten test and PI- August 30-31, 2012Admission on the basis of CAT, GMAT score followed by aptitude test and interviewTwo-year full-time courseFees- Rs 7.5 lakh per yearCourse commences on- September 28Number of seats- 75On completion students will be awarded PGDMClasses will be held at ICSI, CBD Belapur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15134308", "title": "Heavy rains claim four in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: Torrential rains that lashed the district from Saturday midnight to Monday evening has left four dead, three missing and one injured. Three students from Hingoli got washed away in flash flood near Isapur dam in Pusad. They have not been traced yet but sources said that rescue operation is on. One person in Mahagaon tehsil got seriously injured when he got caught in flash floods.Due to heavy rains, water level in most of the major and medium dams has touched the danger mark.According to the residential deputy collector Rajendra Deshmukh, over 223 villages have been affected by the flood. As many as 6,945 families have been rendered homeless. The flood water also washed away many cattle. Most of the families who were badly affected by the flood have been shifted to safer places. The flood has also destroyed nearly 2,539 hectares of kharif crop. The estimated loss is pegged at Rs37 lakh.Eighty-six villages in Ghatanji tehsil and 46 in Yavatmal tehsil are the worst affected. Nilona tank is overflowing while water level in Chapdoh dam too has gone above the danger mark. Yavatmal tehsil has recorded the highest rainfall of over 120mm in last three days.Guardian minister Nitin Raut visited some of the flood affected villages along with collector and other officials on Tuesday. He urged the NGOs and business community to extend their help either in the form of money or goods to meet the immediate needs of the affected. \"Government will provide financial assistance to the flood affected at the earliest,\" Raut said.The flash floods caught the district administration unawares and brought to fore its incompetence in dealing with such a situation even though they had declared to set up of a help line and disaster management committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15128009", "title": "Poverty marks to identify BPL families, says Ranchi Municipal Corporation", "text": "RANCHI: The standing committee of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided that those families who do not own a vehicle, live in mud houses and do not have any earning members will be given particular marks for every poverty factor.Mayor Rama Khakho said, \"The families will be allotted marks for every poverty factor and those families with 70 marks and above will be considered BPL families. This way it will be easy for the RMC to recognize the BPL families and make sure they are benefited by various government plans.\"Another major decision that was taken in the meeting was that the electric crematorium at Harmu, which was lying neglected for many years, would be redone. Khalkko said, \"A committee has been made which will survey the electric crematorium at Jamshedpur and will submit plans of renovation and restart on that basis.\"It was decided in the meeting that the RMC would write to MP Parimal Nathwani for the management of the RMC hospital which was renovated by him in 2011. The mayor said, \"The tender was released but there were not many bidders. Also we think that Nathwani will be the best person for operation of the hospital as he works for uplifting the poor.\"The RMC will also be writing a letter to the forest department to plant trees and flowers on the empty space near various parks, footpaths and on the roadside of the city.Employment of the previous RMC daily wages employees who lost their jobs after A2Z Waste Management Company took charge of maintaining cleanliness of the city was also considered in the meeting.Deputy mayor Ajay Nath Shahdeo, who raised the issue, said, \"More than 500 daily wage earners have been unemployed after A2Z Company took over. These workers should be employed in A2 Z Company.\"RMC CEO Deepankar Panda assured Shahdeo that he would speak to the company about the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15134170", "title": "Food and Drug Administration seizes gutkha worth Rs 1 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: After the ban coming into effect last Friday, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials have seized gutkha worth Rs1 lakh from various wholesale and retail outlets in Nagpur and five other districts in the region in the last four days. The search operations are expected to continue for some more weeks.Speaking to TOI, joint commissioner of FDA (Food) SG Annapure said barring the first day of implementation of the ban when the team couldn't find any material, the administration has seized gutkha material costing Rs1.02 lakh, mainly from wholesalers.Continuing the raids on Tuesday, the FDA seized gutkha material in Kamptee from three wholesalers, but none of them had huge stocks. The total cost of packets seized from the three places is Rs8500. The Kamptee wholesalers included Kamal Stores, Om Sales and Raj Sales. A major seizure was done from Anil Pan in Gadchiroli district on Saturday. Gutkha of a particular brand costing Rs52,500 was recovered in one go from a wholesaler at village Ashti in Chamorshi taluka.On Sunday and Monday, the FDA team seized material from 102 wholesale and retail outlets at various places in Nagpur, Bhandara, Gondia, Wardha and Chandrapur districts costing Rs60,850.The raids were conducted under the guidance of assistant commissioner of FDA (Food) SB Naragude. \"FDA is looking for violation under the Food Safety and Standards Act (2) (a). Most of the violators of the ban will be charged under sections 59 and 55 of IPC under which they could be fined up to Rs5 lakh with six months imprisonment and a fine of Rs2 lakh respectively. At present, the FDA team is only seizing material. Further action would come from the food safety commissioner and the adjucating officer,\" he said.The FDA team which is conducting raids besides Naragude includes food safety officers NR Wakode, AG Deshpande, MC Pawar and Mrs SR Surkar. The teams are not just looking for gutkha material in retail and wholesale outlets but is also searching vehicles plying from one city to another and those going in and out of Maharashtra in five districts of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15128791", "title": "Notify tiger buffer zone, Supreme Court tells Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court has given the state government three weeks to notify the buffer zone of the Sahyadri tiger reserve spread across Satara and Kolhapur districts, following its directive on Monday, which banned tourism in core areas of the tiger reserves in the country.Of the four tiger reserves in Maharashtra, buffer zones for the Pench tiger reserve, Melghat tiger reserve and Tadoba Andhari tiger reserve have already been notified.The buffer zone is a thin layer of protection on all sides of the reserve and its notification is mandatory under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, Section 38 (5). The notification of buffer zones helps regulate developmental activities and thus mitigate man-animal conflicts.The Sahyadri tiger reserve (740.5 sq km), combines both the Chandoli National Park (317 sq km) and Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary (423.5 sq km). A K Nigam, additional principal chief conservator of forests, told TOI that the notification of the buffer zone and core zone in the Sahyadri Tiger Reserve was in the process of being issued. \"It was declared a tiger reserve in 2010. The buffer zone notification involves a proper management plan, discussion with local people and expert committee, so it takes time. We will try and comply with the Supreme Court's order,\" he said.Nigam said that the core and buffer zone will be determined only after discussions were held with the gram sabhas concerned. The core area will primarily be for tiger breeding, whereas the buffer zone will involve co-existence of both animals and humans, he said.The apex court also asked Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Bihar , Maharashtra and Jharkhand to pay Rs 10,000 each for not complying with its directions on notifying buffer zones.Ashish Kothari, founder-member of Kalpavriksh, an environmental action group and member of the Forest Rights Act national committee, pointed out that there were certain threats to the environment like mining and thermal power stations in Vidarbha region. Notification of buffer zone can reduce such threats and commercialisation, he said.\"The problem is there are several villages located inside the buffer zone. People get worried about such notifications as they think it will lead to further restriction on their livelihood. Here, the forest department should play a crucial role that involves consultation with the local communities that will assure them that it will not affect their livelihood. Coexistence can be achieved in buffers,\" he said.Commenting on the Supreme Court's order that no tourism activity take place in any of the core zones of tiger reserves in the country, V B Sawarkar, member of the expert committee on evaluation and monitoring of tiger reserves, stated that it was an interim order and might throw up problems. A majority of the area in some tiger reserves, like Ranthambore tiger reserve and Kanha tiger reserve, fall in the core area, he said. \"Also, there are communities that benefit from tourism, so there will be many implications if this order continues,\" he said.A buffer zoneIs a thin layer of protection on all sides of the reserve. It helps conserve the tigers and enables local people to coexist with the wild cat, while keeping their livelihood and cultural rights intact.Who creates itThe buffer zone notification goes through an experts' committee chaired by the principal conservator of forests and is issued by the state government in consultation with National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) on behalf of governor of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15133783", "title": "Bangla willing to give India time to seal Teesta, land boundary pacts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladesh continued to press India on Teesta accord and land boundary agreement (LBA), but recognizing the domestic political difficulties Dhaka will \"give India the space it needs\".Speaking to journalists after consultations with his Indian counterpart, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, Mijarul Quayes said, India and Bangladesh were also looking at negotiating a double taxation avoidance agreement (DTAA). \"The positive disposition at the highest levels has elevated our relationship as neighbours to a partnership.\"The stalled Teesta agreement featured prominently in the talks, Quayes said. The ratification of the LBA has also been delayed in India because the UPA government has failed to bring the opposition BJP and ally Mamata Banerjee on board. There was some expectation that LBA might be brought in for approval during the monsoon session of Parliament, but that's unclear.However, India is obviously trying to sweeten the bitter pill for Bangladesh \u2014 of the $1 billion line of credit for Bangladesh, India has converted $200 million into a grant. This was announced by former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , when he visited Dhaka.Quayes also said India had reduced the interest rate on the soft loan to 1%, which makes it much easier for Bangladesh. On the outstanding issues, Quayes listed the Tipaimukh Dam, water agreements and the river linking projects as continuing sources of concern for Dhaka.Quayes said they had raised the issue of BSF firing on the border. India has maintained that the infiltrators from Bangladesh side are not always villagers straying across, but people with criminal intent. Bangladesh says Indian forces should catch the offenders and jail them, but not kill them.In an attempt to improve communication, India and Bangladesh, he said, were trying to revive an old practice of local administrations' interface, to make it easier for panchayats, rural bodies to deal with each other and the problems of infiltration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15138087", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar, Zaheer Khan static in ICC Test rankings", "text": "DUBAI: Veteran batsman Sachin Tendulkar and pace spearhead Zaheer Khan remained static at their respective 12th spots to be the highest-placed Indian cricketers in the latest ICC Test rankings issued on Wednesday.While Tendulkar is the only Indian in the top-20 of the batting list, Zaheer has company in the form of spinner Pragyan Ojha , who held on to his 20th spot, in the bowling chart.Meanwhile, South African Jacques Kallis led the charge of his country's batsmen up the rankings after his side's stunning innings and 12-run victory against England on Monday.Kallis, who scored an unbeaten 182 and also took 2-38 in England's first innings, not only moved up two places in batting rankings to second place but also unseated Shakib Al Hasan of Bangladesh as the number one ranked Test all-rounder. Kallis has also moved up one rung in the rankings for Test bowlers to 31st place.Hashim Amla's reward for his unbeaten 311, which was South Africa's highest ever individual Test score, was not only the man of the match award but also a jump of three places in the batting rankings.His overall rating of 872 is a career best to date for Amla -- just two behind second-placed Kallis. Graeme Smith , South Africa's captain, moved up four places after his 131 in South Africa's mammoth 637-2 declared.Smith is sixth in the batting table with AB de Villiers , who did not bat at The Oval, dropping to fifth because of the moves by Amla and Kallis.Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara remained the top-ranked batsman and the only scant consolation for England was that Alastair Cook moved up one place to eighth -- courtesy his first innings 115.In the rankings for bowlers, Dale Steyn's seven-wicket haul in the match -- including a second innings 5-56 -- confirmed his place at the top and edged him ever closer to the magical 900 point mark.He has 896 -- just six short of his career best mark of 902 achieved against Sri Lanka at Centurion in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15134596", "title": "Cops take into custody two child workers", "text": "DHARWAD: Officials of the department of labour conducted a surprise inspection at bars and restaurants here on Monday evening and took into custody two boys suspected to be minors.The officials said that two children -- Gangappa Tagari of Kallur village near here and Kiran Naik from Udupi were taken into custody from Hotel Upavan over suspicion that they were below 14 years. But the boys in their statement said they had attained 14 years of age. They have been referred to the District Civil Hospital for medical testing to verify the age. The report from the hospital is expected on Tuesday, the officials said.The team of officials comprising Sudha Garag, Ashok Jadhav, Abdul Qaliq and the deputy commissioner's office staff R P Pattar visited hotels including Shivadarshini near the DC office, Hotel Hoysala near Kittel College, Hotel Uapvan near Azad Park and Presidency Bar and Restaurant near Railway Station to verify whether child labourers have been employed at these establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15129318", "title": "Pune now has water for 100 days; rain low in catchment areas", "text": "PUNE: The city has water to tide over the next three and a half months. The collective water storage in the reservoirs of the four dams that supply water to Pune city reached 5.23 TMC on Tuesday evening.In the last 24 hours, the water storage went up by 0.29 TMC as the intensity of the monsoon remained low in the catchment areas.Among the four dams in the Khadakwasla basin, Temghar received the highest rainfall of 21 mm, Varasgaon got 12 mm, Panshet recorded 11 mm, while Khadakwasla received only 1mm rainfall on Tuesday.S N Bolbhat, executive engineer of Khadakwasla irrigation division, said though the 5.23 TMC water can meet the city's needs for the next three and a half months, Puneites must use water sparingly as dams hold only 17.95% of the total capacity of 29.14 TMC.Bolbhat said the catchment areas require at least a couple of long spells of rain to increase storage. The only good spell of rain was received last week since the arrival of the monsoon.\"As per the estimates, the catchment areas of Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon receive more than 1,500 mm rainfall during monsoon. However, in the current season none of these dams have registered more than 750 mm rainfall since June. Varasgaon has received the highest rainfall of 732 mm followed by Temghar 728 mm and Panshet 673 mm.\"The water level in Pavana dam that supplies water to Pimpri Chinchwad looked better. Water in the reservoir had reached 2.74 TMC mark on Tuesday. The catchment area has so far received 1,064 mm rainfall, the highest among all the dams in Pune district. This water storage will meet the requirement of Pimpri Chinchwad for the next three months.Officials at the irrigation department said that scanty rainfall was registered in the catchment areas of almost all dams in Pune district. The water storages in these dams have remained low owing to scanty rains.As many as five dams located near Pune including Pimplegaon-Joge, Ghod, Visapur, Nazare and Ujani had zero live water storage on Tuesday. Four other dams - Manikdoh, Yedgaon, Waduj and Vir - had water storage below 10% of their capacities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15131628", "title": "PM, Pawar share personal relationship, says Supriya", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCP leader Supriya Sule said her father Sharad Pawar and PM Manmohan Singh shared a personal relationship and added that setting up a coordination committee for UPA allies would be a good beginning to set things right in the coalition hit by the standoff between NCP and Congress.\"When we are all allies, increased communication will be good for Congress. Good communication is a great tool for all of us,\" Supriya told TOI.After accusing Congress of unilateralism, NCP had described the demand for a coordination panel as important to make UPA a participatory coalition.The Baramati MP hinted that the personal relationship between Pawar and Singh could resolve the issues raised by the NCP supremo who skipped the Cabinet meeting last week in protest. Singh later issued a personal appeal, calling Pawar \"a very valued colleague\", to woo him back.Supriya said, \"They (PM and Pawar) are not just colleagues, they have a personal relationship that goes beyond the Cabinet. They have worked very closely over the years, were together in the P V Narasimha Rao government and they complement each other on economic reforms. Pawar is a big support for the PM.\"She added that NCP was \"totally committed\" to the alliance, saying, \"Congress and NCP have a deep relationship and want to sustain it.\"If the remark hinted at possible thaw amid the clock ticking over NCP's threat to pull out of government, Supriya said, \"The issue has been dealt with in a dignified manner by the Congress brass and the NCP chief too has the highest regard for the PM.\"According to her, the issues raised by NCP were far more serious than those being speculated, denying the party was haggling over ministerial berths like for herself or change of her father's portfolio. \"There is no question about my ministership. Our quota of three is full -- as simple as that. There is too much gossip,\" she said.Supriya said NCP had not sought the removal of Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan. \"How can we tell Congress who should be their CM? It is their prerogative. Would we like if they were to tell us who should be our deputy CM? NCP will never interfere in Congress affairs,\" she said.While acknowledging there were issues to be resolved, Supriya reminded that Congress and NCP had a \"committed and serious relationship\" which had survived 15 years in Maharashtra and eight years in Delhi. \"They are not strangers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15132737", "title": "2G scam: Why shield Chidambaram, PMO brass? opposition asks CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition MPs put the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the mat on Tuesday during the proceedings of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom, asking why the agency had not questioned home minister P Chidambaram and senior PMO officials in the 2G scam .CBI director A P Singh and other officials were on the defensive in the face of pointed questions on whether they felt extensive correspondence between DMK leader A Raja and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh needed to be probed to see if any action was taken to prevent the scam from unfolding.CBI brass is understood to have told the committee that the agency did not proceed beyond getting a junior PMO official to verify certain communications. The agency was further asked if it felt necessity to question PMO officials over lengthy notes indicating a high level of deliberations.BJP leader Yashwant Sinha asked how CBI could conclude that Raja misled the PM as Singh could not have solely depended on the former telecom minister for inputs. The PM's much discussed letter of November 2, 2007, asking Raja to consider auctions, made it evident that Singh was not unaware of developments.The meeting also saw CBI being asked about the slow progress of investigation into Loop Telecom and the Aircel-Maxis case involving former telecom minister and DMK leader Dayanidhi Maran.CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta and BJP's Ravishankar Prasad joined Sinha in grilling CBI on maintaining \"double standards\" while dealing with former NDA ministers like Jaswant Singh and Arun Shourie who were questioned while Chidambaram - finance minister in UPA-1 - has not been approached.Sinha wanted to know why CBI did not speak to Chidambaram over why the leader gave up his reservations over a low entry price for 2G spectrum fixed in the context of 2001 rates. On the other hand, the late Pramod Mahajan was likely to be made an accused for grant of additional spectrum at alleged loss to the exchequer.Chidambaram had said his January 15, 2008 communication to the PM that with regard to spectrum above start up allocation, \"...the past may be treated as a closed chapter and the payments made in the past for additional spectrum may be treated as the charges for spectrum for that period\".Opposition MPs referred to the PM's statement in Rajya Sabha that Chidambaram and Raja had reported compliance on pricing and also pointed to a March 25, 2011 finance ministry internal note that said that licences could have been cancelled if the finance ministry had stuck to its stand favouring auctions for initial spectrum.Prasad asked CBI if it had questioned finance ministry about the circumstances leading to the cancellation of a meeting of the Telecom Commission in January 2008 and also grounds on which it concluded issuance of letters of intent could not have been revisited. CBI is understood to have said it did not examine discussions in government in 2008 after licences were granted. Similarly, the clearances to FDI infusion in firms benefitting from 2G licences were not examined as this was a policy decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15135405", "title": "Freedom fighter lies untreated at hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As the scam-ridden country at the cusp of a drought limps towards the 65{+t}{+h} Independence Day celebrations, it seems only natural its freedom fighters will be given up as destitutes. Ninety-year-old Laxman Mahapatra, who was part of a peasants' movement in the backdrop of the country's struggle for independence in the 1940s, presents a candid picture of present day India as he lies ignored and untreated in a corner of Capital Hospital in the state capital.Mahapatra, who got himself admitted to hospital on July 18 to get a catheter removed from his body, which was inserted to aid him in urinating, has been dumped without treatment in a ward meant for terminally-ill destitute patients. He has been lying untreated in a pitiable condition in the hospital even as there is clear government instruction to treat freedom fighters free of cost and with respect.\"I told the doctors that I am a freedom fighter and that I needed to remove the tube. But they shifted me here,\" Mahapatra told TOI from his hospital bed. His condition has deteriorated since he came to the hospital and now he even struggles to stand up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-25"}
