{"city": "None", "code": "11584366", "title": "With fuel guzzlers on duty, diesel", "text": "Liquor store owners or those distributing publicity material might not be too happy this poll season but the petrol pump owners are elated. Despite certain restrictions by the ever-vigilant election commission, consumption of fuel - especially diesel - has increased drastically with campaigning entering the most crucial phase.With the fuel-guzzlers making frequent stops at petrol stations, the dealers, who have fighting with state government over increasing commission, have registered more than 25% increase in sales.\"Sale during December-end and January has tremendously increased. We're hoping the momentum will continue for the remaining 10 days,\" says Sangrur-based dealer Dinesh Kumar.An Indian Oil official said sale of diesel had shot up by more than 15% ever since the election scene had gathered heat. With luxury vehicles like Lexus, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota Fortuner and SUVs dotting the rough terrains and treading arduous paths to reach out to maximum people, the demand is likely to increase.The personal assistant of Barnala MLA Kewal Singh Dhillon - the richest candidate - Pardaman Sharma says, \"We are getting extra fuel supply.\" Dhillon's enviable collection includes Lexus and Mercedes.Dhuri's Congress candidate Arvind Khanna, who travels in high-end SUVs, says fuel requirement has increased as his family and him are always on the go and electioneering.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583026", "title": "Studies cramped, delayed in govt schools", "text": "VARANASI: A close look at a handful of students jostling for porridge (locally called 'kheer') that is devoid of milk in one of the cramped government schools in Sonarpura area in the heart of the city on Saturday may be enough to indicate the widening gap between the provisions of Right to Education (RTE) Act and their implementation.While the dilapidated building built out of the trunks and branches of an old peepul tree catered to 100-odd children, it was shocking to see that the classroom was confined to merely one room in which classes of primary (one to five) and upper primary (six to eight) were held in two different shifts. Also, while five teachers, including two Shikshamitras, were deployed for primary section, the fate of upper primary schoolchildren was left to just one teacher.\"Fulfilling the provisions of RTE Bill looks like a distant dream though efforts are being made to engage and retain children in these schools. When I joined the school in 2003, there were hardly 10 to 15 children in the school.Now, the number of children has risen to three figure mark. But providing quality education to these children remains the biggest challenge. And, if one looks at the provisions of RTE Act, the implementation has to go a long way before it becomes a reality,\" said Radhe Mohan Mishra, principal of the government primary school, Matrimutt (Sonarpura) on Saturday.When TOI reached the school, it was found to operate in one corner of a spacious lawn. Not only the primary group children were sitting in verandah, even the blackboards were erected on wooden doors under makeshift arrangement.Even more pathetic was to see the congested area where children were served mid-day meal under unhygienic condition. It is a rented building and the school is running at the mercy of its owner. \"The main building of the school that ran on leased building in Pandeyghat area collapsed some time ago and the school was shifted here,\" said Kiran lata, one of the senior teachers of the school.A stone's throw distance from the school in the busy Sonarpura area was the government primary school of Sonarpura, the old building of which was lying in a shambles.\"The old building (built in 1930) was deserted in 2006 after construction of new building. But it has only two classrooms. The old building is being used for cooking and distribution of mid-day meal by a local NGO. Also, the reboring of the handpump has not been completed in the last one year,\" said Abdul Qadir , the principal of the school. It was surprising to see that the free dresses for girl students were being distributed on Saturday even as the academic session was nearing completion.\"The approval from the district education department for distribution of dresses only came recently and we have started distribution today. Even, the distribution of free books and study material was delayed, most of the items reaching the school only at the end of October last. In such a situation, promising quality education would be like making a mockery of provisions of RTE Act,\" said Sunil Pandey, one of the teachers at the school.According to Surayabhan, Basic Shiksha Adhikari, improving infrastructure in government schools located in urban areas is proving to be a difficult task due to non-availability of space and land. \"However, efforts are being made to get rid of old dilapidated buildings and shift schools to other buildings. Similarly, focus is on improving infrastructural facilities in rural pockets where space is not a problem,\" he said.But, the issue of quality education remained elusive and best explained by Viresh Mishra, one of the teachers in government primary school under Nagwa ward.\"We are responsible for attendance and studies of children from 9 am to 3 pm, but is there anyone to monitor what these children are doing after school time. Some of the students go to work on nearby ghats and even parents encourage them to do the work as they take it extra income. Under such circumstances, how you could expect these students to be at par with someone who is getting admission in privileged convent schools,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583386", "title": "Trains running late but Sabarmati Exp arrives timely", "text": "KANPUR: Trains continue to run late due to foggy weather. Several train arrived late at Kanpur Central railway station.Over 50 trains were running behind schedule on Saturday. The trains from Delhi were running around 10 hours late. New Delhi-Howrah route remains badly affected.Shramshakti express, Mahananda exp, North East exp, Muri express, Kalka mail, Vikramshila, Kaifiyat express, Jodhpur-Howrah, Sealdah-Ajmer express, Gomti express, Rewa express were among the train running late on Friday.Hundreds of passengers got the tickets cancelled. The rush of passengers was noticeable at the enquiry counters.The passengers waiting for Sabarmati Express on Friday night were a satisfied lot when it reached Kanpur Central at its right time of 11 pm and departed in time.The drivers have been instructed to run trains at a slower speed when the visibility is poor. This measure has been taken to ensure that no train accidents occur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sabarimala", "code": "11589481", "title": "Sabarimala pilgrim and revenue flow defy setback fears", "text": "SABARIMALA: The overall pilgrim and revenue flow at Sabarimala Ayyappa Temple in this season have maintained the growth levels this year, dismissing fears of the annual pilgrimage to the hill shrine losing its sheen. The revenue for this year touched Rs 174 crore as the season drew to a close on January 21.There were reports that a host of factors like the stampede claiming the lives of 102 pilgrims on MakaraJyothi festival day on January 14 last year, demystification of the Makaravilakku with the declaration by the TDB that it was only man-made and not a divine phenomenon as was believed earlier and the Mullapperiyar dam row could dampen the enthusiasm of Sabarimala pilgrimage this year.The TDB president conceded that there was a dip in the pilgrims' flow of pilgrims during the Makaravilakku season this year. `But this was more than compensated by the unprecedented and unexpected spurt in the flow of pilgrims during the Mandalam season, the first part of the annual pilgrimage. The was unprecedented rush after the Makaravilakku day also this year'' he said.The TDB president said the Devaswom was happy that this, barring some theoretical disputes like date of Makarajyothi festival and claims by the tribals for the right to light the Makaravilakku this year's pilgrimage was a smooth affair.\"Definitely the pilgrim flow will rise in the coming years as the memories of the Pulmedu tragedy fade and the Mullaperiyar agitations die down. This calls for opening of a new route to Sabarimala Sannidhanam other than the existing trekking route Pampa. There are widespread fears of a tragedy on this route because of overcrowding,\" Rajagopalan Nair said.The government had banned vehicular traffic through the Uppupara-Pulumedu route based on a High Court order pronounced in the backdrop of the Pulmedu tragedy. An earlier expert panel had suggested a diversion route through the Sathram area for the pilgrims coming through Pulmedu route. However this has not been done so far. The government must serious efforts to convince the High Court on the need for opening the route up to Uppupara for vehicular traffic at least for one week's time during the Makaravilakku season, the TDB president suggested.Despite the various steps being taken by the TDB and the Government with the help of voluntary organisations in the waste management front, absence of an effective mechanism for treatment of human excreta remains a major challenge at Sabarimala. And this has major health and environmental implications across the state, and not just at Sabarimala, according to experts.Much of the waste accumulated in the Sannidhanam area and Pampa-Sannidhanam routes during the previous pilgrimage seasons were cleaned up prior to the beginning of the pilgrimage this year through the `clean Sabarimala'' project of the state government.The TDB had also taken some steps for reducing the waste accumulation this year by denying licenses to commercial establishments including hotels at Sannidhanam and on the trekking routes.``This meant sacrificing some of the TDB's revenue sources as we believe health of the people and protection of environment are much graver issues than earning some money. For instance, the hotel at Sannidhanam Nadappanthal was auctioned off last year at Rs 50 lakhs last year. Similarly, the licence to supply packed food had fetched Rs 40 lakhs to the Devaswom last year. But we did not sanction both these licenses this year, to avoid generation of avoidable waste,'' TDB President said.But the proposal to set up an effective a sewerage treatment plant (STP) at Sabarimala remains at a discussion state only since 2002, when the Centre had allocated funds also for this as part of the Rs 18 crores Clean Pampa Project. The TDB had set up an STP at Pampa with 1.5 tonne capacity, couple of years back. This is functioning even now, though not fully effectively, Rajagopalan Nair said.The STP project was then taken over by the state government, which in turn has reportedly appointed National Environmental Engineering Institute (NEERI) as consultants. ``As far as we know even the technology for the project has not yet been finalised, despite the fact that this is critical infrastructure at Sabarimala. And a case is pending before the High Court Some experts have even said one of the main reasons for Allapuzha becoming the epicentre of the outbreak of annual epidemic outbreak is the flow of waste from Sabarimala down the Pampa river right up to Thannermukkam Bandu in that district. The Devaswom is willing to spent enough amount for the STP, if the Central and State governments face resource constrains,'' Rajagopalan Nair said.The TDB has worked out a scheme to set up a permanent station operational for 365 days a year. This station under an executive engineer will have about 20 staff and they would coordinate the various engineering work to be conducted at Sabarimala. This would enable us to proactively carry out the various works needed at Sabarimala, instead of the present practice of launching such projects hastily just before the onset of each pilgrimage season, the TDB president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583237", "title": "Rise and fall of temp in city attributed to cyclone", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's minimum temperatures have shot by six degrees in the last one week recording 15.6 degrees on Saturday as against last Sunday's minimum of 8.4 degrees. And with the maximum temperature crossing the 30 degree mark, weathermen forecast that the city temperature will only climb henceforth as the winter season is in its last leg. But city old timers have witnessed marked changes in this year's winter. They say that it was a very unusual and uneven one, which Met department officials corroborate.The city temperature has fluctuated this year. On December 28, Hyderabad recorded a minimum of 13.7 degrees that jumped by five degrees to 18.6 degrees a day later. The minimum temperature further shot to 21.4 degrees on December 31 only to come down drastically to 11.3 degrees on January 14. On January 15, the city recorded a minimum of 8.4 degrees, only a few degrees higher than a freezing Delhi.Citizens recall that winter in Hyderabad started in November and peaked in the last week of December. \"Come Sankranti and we knew summer was round the corner. But winter set in only in January this time and only the last one week has been cold. The temperatures that the city witnessed in the second week of January are what the city usually records in the last week of December every year,\" says Ashwin Rao, a denizen.Residents say that instead of a gradual change, there have been sudden bouts of hot and cold weather. Further, they say that till about few years ago, cold weather conditions prevailed consistently for 15 days to a month at a stretch, which is typical of the season. \"The weather fluctuations in December-end and January diluted the city's winter this year. ,\" says Ansar Ali Khan, an ex-serviceman.Similarly, social activist V B J Chelikani Rao adds that the weather changes have been rather unusual this year. The extreme weather fluctuations, citizens feel, is rooted in the loss of green cover the city has witnessed. B G Siddharth, scientist, maintains that it was colder than usual in some places and warmer than usual in some other places.Attributing the changes to cyclone Thane, weathermen say that this year, the cold wave conditions shifted to the second week of January. Moreover, the officials said that the occurrence of the cyclone was an unusual phenomenon in December. \"Cyclones usually occur during October and November but this year, the cyclone hit the Andhra coast in December. This was followed by reduction in the cold wave conditions in December,\" says R V Subba Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department.Subba Rao said that this year, winter was severe with cold wave conditions prevailing in many parts of the state more so during January 14 and 16. However, he added that the temperatures are set to increase hereafter because of anti-cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587689", "title": "Bugs at night matches irk Serena", "text": "So bugged at night matches! Serena Williams complains she doesn't want to play night matches 'coz floodlights attract bugs, and she hates them. What to do ?Serena Williams says she doesn't want to play night matches because she \"hates bugs\". The tennis star petulantly complained about finishing past 1 am at the ongoing Australian Open because of all the crickets swirling around. \"Bugs fell on my back twice,\" she whined, \"I hate bugs more than you can imagine. They kept jumping on me. I just... yuck!\" In 2008, Lleyton Hewitt and Marcos Baghdatis started at midnight and wrapped up at 4:34 am, clocking the latest finish in grand slam history. \"Go home and McDonald's is already open on the way home for breakfast,\" Hewitt rued. One famous TV image had screens repeatedly flashing a disgusted ball girl cupping a cricket in her hands to take it off-court. Roger Federer too, had said, \"The ball boy destroyed one (cricket). I just wanted to get it moved. He didn't want to take it in his hand like the girl did.\" While Serena might still have to play the final at night, we find out from other sportspersons what it's like to play in the middle of the night, to catch TV audiences while they're up in other parts of the world.At night, sometimes the air-conditioning inside the stadium becomes so strong that it creates a drift on court, because of which the shuttle travels very fast or goes in different directions. It's very funny, as you keep missing the shuttle when you're trying to hit it. Sometimes it's so windy, it's good enough to fly kites ! - Saina NehwalBeing an animal lover, I've always been careful playing in such 'bugging' conditions! It's better not to 'yuck' or 'eeww' and just play the game naturally - L BalajiBechare bezubaan keede bhi kisi ke dushman hue hain? I never faced any difficulty playing even when they went around all guns blazing. See, by playing under lights, which attract them, we are entering their domain. So why hate them ? - Navjot SidhuWe Indians are born to love nature. And it's not in every match that insects come to encourage us! We should respect their presence. I often ask the out-fielders to not step on these harmless creatures. I ask them to drop the bugs outside the boundary - Robin UthappaI was really touched when Shahid Afridi got a match stopped to lift an insect from the pitch, and with great respect, handed it over to the out-field keeper. This is what I call real sportsmanship. Though insects give us a hard time as they make the field slippery, we have to live with it - S SreesanthThe hype that night matches create is amazing. If you hate playing because of bugs, it's strange. I like to sprint and dive on the field, but I certainly wouldn't want to crush a bug - Piyush ChawlaWith inputs from AFP, Ankur Batra, Suruchi Sharma, Piyali Dasgupta and Rupam Jain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584216", "title": "Of a platter of 'pakoras' and verdict 'chutney'", "text": "There is no doubt that Pundit Bihari Lal's pakoras, Ruliya Ram's chana bhaturas, Bhai's samosas, Bhilo's puris and Life Corner's instant coffee in Hoshiarpur are huge on calories. But right now, they are equally rich in election gossip.A tour of these common man's eateries in Hoshiarpur's narrow, busy bazaars not only satisfies your appetite for Indian savouries, but also gives an idea about the direction the poll wind is blowing in. If one were to go with the best-selling pakora of Bihari Lal's 70-year-old shop in Suraaja Chowk, his Kangressi pakora seems to be the flavor of the market, which was once considered the hub of BJP.\"No way,\" says a customer, who though loves to binge on the Kangressi pakora, feels that the Congress is being overconfident. And thus starts the big debate - which is the lesser evil - BJP's sitting MLA Tikshan Sud or first-time contestant Sunder Sham Arora of the Congress.\"Look at the potholed roads,\" says shopkeeper Madan Mohan Mittal, who joins the debate. \"The rain has come as a blessing in disguise for the Congress as it has exposed what poor quality material the BJP-run municipal committee had used for laying roads,\" he says, fuming over poor infrastructure.It is no different at Pundit Ruliya Ram's bhatura centre. Convinced about Tikshan's luck with winning since he has been victorious three times, the buzz at the shop is that the majority will ultimately put its weight behind him. And while everybody is still distributing gyan, it is time to down all the fried stuff with instant coffee at Life Corner tuck shop. \"The secret khabar is that even though BJP is on back foot, a tough fight is on the cards in Hoshiarpur,\" says Punditji, the shop owner. His customers disagree that there is a tough contest.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11583487", "title": "CPI urges voters to defeat communal forces", "text": "LUCKNOW: Promising to root out corruption, checking price rise, the rising incidents of crimes in the state and ensuring all-round development of UP, the Communist Party of India (CPI) released its manifesto on Saturday.The manifesto has appealed to the people of UP defeat the communal and casteist forces and oppose the policies of economic neo-liberalism by ensuring the victory of CPI and other left parties candidates in the forthcoming assembly election.The other salient features of the manifesto are: Nationalisation of education, making arrangements of employment oriented free education, formulation of a scheme on the pattern of national rural employment guarantee scheme for urban areas and payment of salaries of teachers of unaided colleges and degree colleges from state exchequer.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna/biharsharif", "code": "11584641", "title": "CM's new mantra to check job plan graft", "text": "PATNA/BIHARSHARIF: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday came out with a plan to check corruption in the implementation of MNREGA. One day in a week will be earmarked as MNREGA Day and all the DMs on that day will send officials to one panchayat each to review various development works. The exercise will be repeated in second week for other panchayats. However, no official will be sent again to a particular panchayat.This directive was issued by the CM while making a high-level review of the progress of different schemes in Patna district at the conclusion of the first phase of his Seva Yatra.After the review, the CM and almost all the departmental principal secretaries and secretaries left by road for Biharsharif to hold the review meeting of Nalanda district. The officials, however, went by their own vehicles rather than by Volvo buses as planned earlier.The CM categorically said that DMs will ensure that officials are told about their destination only an hour before departure. The officials will analyse the ongoing work in panchayats - the pace of work, spending on projects besides payment to workers. The DMs will act against the employees against whom report is submitted, he said.\"The DMs are not required to visit panchayats and only do review of the completed schemes. Rozgar Sevaks will be present during review and provide documents. If they fail to do so, FIRs will be lodged and they will be sent to jail. Strict action must be taken against corrupt officials,\" the CM said. He also directed the SSPs and SPs to direct the SHOs concerned to be present during panchayat-level review.Nitish said that in four months all schemes in all the panchayats in each district should be reviewed and social auditing completed. \"This exercise will help check corruption in MNREGA,\" he said.The CM directed disaster management principal secretary Vyasji to fix a date to provide a bicycle and tools to each labourer engaged in construction work..On the issue of paddy procurement, he said Patna district's target of 1.05 lakh tonnes should be achieved. The achievement of Bihar State Food Corporation should be better than that of FCI, he told officials.Expressing concern over the fact that Patna's ranking is lowest in midday meal and 26th in Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, he asked Patna division commissioner K P Ramaiah and Patna DM Sanjay Kumar to give special attention to better implementation of these schemes.The CM directed principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, to make surprise inspection of hospitals twice a month. In the first week of April, Nitish said, he would hold review meeting on health and education in Patna district.In Biharsharif, the CM released a booklet, 'Pahal', published by the district administration on various schemes going on in Nalanda district. He also visited the helpline established at the collectorate's Shaheed Hardeo Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "11585612", "title": "Naib tehsildar lands in police net in Sonipat", "text": "SONIPAT: Naib tehsildar Inder Singh, who was posted at the Indri Block in Karnal district, was arrested by the economic crime branch of the Sonipat police on Thursday. He was booked in a case of alleged irregularities in the land records of Daheshra village during his tenure in 2009-2010.Sources said a revenue clerk (patwari) had allegedly changed the mutation (Intakkal) of around 40 acres of village panchayat land in the name of some farmers. The entry of this change in the revenue records was reportedly allowed by Inder Singh.After forging the land ownership in their favour, the farmers in connivance with the patwari, naib tehsildar and the tehsildar sold the land to the owner of a liquor factory. The matter came to light when the factory owner began construction on the land.Afterwards, the village sarpanch approached the Punjab and Haryana high court and on the directions of the HC, the financial commissioner (revenue), Haryana, directed the then deputy commissioner (DC), Ajit Joshi, to investigate the complaint.Following an inquiry, the DC cancelled the registration and mutation of the land, and a case of irregularities and fraud was registered against the revenue officers, including the naib tehsildar, under sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588214", "title": "Riteish Deshmukh chooses cricket over films", "text": "Riteish Deshmukh who is all set to marry Genelia D'Souza in the first week of February 2012 recently cancelled a fortnight long schedule of Balaji Films Kya Supercool Hai Hum.Says an unit member, Riteish said he was calling off the schedule because he had personal work. We assumed that he had some last minute wedding arrangements to take care of. However we later learnt that he was actually practising cricket.''Riteish is said to be a part of Salman Khan's Mumbai Heroes and since the second season of the Celebrity Cricket League is on, the actor is said to be practising for the sport.It is said that the unit of Kya Supercool aren't very happy with the game Riteish is playing. And they aren't as sporting about it because a 15-day sched gone awry means a loss of resources for the producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584332", "title": "Cops work out murder case; arrest man, wife", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what could be the first work out of a murder case since the Indiranagar police station came into existence, cops nabbed a man and his wife on Saturday. The man, with his wife's help, had allegedly battered his brother to death after the latter tried to attack his wife with an ill-intention in an inebriated condition on December 30.The deceased was identified as Ramu Rawat, son of Ramdulare, a resident of Digdiga village in Chinhat police station area. His body was found on January 13 in a potato field of one Shiv Kumar in Rasoolpur village in Indiranagar police station area. The accused were identified as Rajesh Kumar Rawat and his wife Sushila Rawat.Indiranagar station officer Atul Kumar Srivastava said the body of the victim, which had decomposed by then, was identified as that of Ramu by his family members on January 13. An FIR in this matter was lodged by Rajesh himself on January 16. According to the station officer, the first doubt arose from the delay in lodging the FIR by Rajesh. During the course of interrogation, Rajesh misguided the police telling them that Ramu had not returned home for the past two months and he did meet him once a few days back in a market. However, the villagers told the police that they had seen Ramu at Rajesh's house on December 30.Another eye-witness also informed the police that he had seen Rajesh taking a sack filled with something on December 30 late night on his bicycle. After such specific information, Rajesh was grilled and he finally confessed to have killed his brother.Citing reason, he told the police that it was ill-intention of Ramu towards his wife Sushila and a dispute over property which ultimately became the reason for the murder. Owing to this, Ramu had been indulging in regular brawls with his brother Rajesh. Elaborating, Rajesh told police that on December 30, Ramu had come to his house in an inebriated condition and tried to molest his wife. Enraged over this, Rajesh picked up a brick and started hitting Ramu on his head. This led to the death of Ramu on the spot.Thereafter, Rajesh and his wife tied the body of Ramu with a piece of cloth and then put the body in a sack. He took the sack on his cycle on December 30 night and took it behind a brick-kiln. From there, he dragged the sack to the field of Shiv Kumar, opened the hands and legs and left the body in the middle of the field. He then took the sack with him back home. Back at home, Rajesh and Sushila properly cleaned the floor of the house.The police have found the brick used to kill Ramu. Rajesh and Sushila have confessed to killing Ramu, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585914", "title": "Is this really Kochi\u2019s true colour?", "text": "KOCHI: A group of 58 Nigerians who have come on student visas to Kerala has complained about \"racial discrimination\" by the residents of an apartment in Thrikkakara where they have been staying for the last one month.These students from Niger Delta have lodged a complaint in this regard with the chief minister, the home secretary and the director general of police ( DGP).On Tuesday, they met city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar and raised the issue.In the complaint, they have alleged that \"a few anti-socials in the apartment are threatening us with dire consequences. They are discriminating against us by calling us Negros and Blacks.\"These Africans are here for training at a private institution, Euro Tech Maritime Academy, and are being sponsored by the Government of Nigeria.\"We have been briefed about the cultural values of India by our government. We know the dos and don'ts here. However, a few people in the apartment have been targeting us unnecessarily,\" said Andy Toboro, the leader of the group of 55 students, two cooks and a programme coordinator.He said they were here on student visa for learning pipeline welding at the academy. \"We are here for an eight-month course. Our accommodation at the apartment was arranged by the academy. We have been staying here from December 15,\" Toboro added.\"It is for the first time that we are coming to India, and we are really sad at the manner in which we have been treated by the locals,\" said Tonye Dick, another member of the group. \"There are no female members in the group. We had been interacting freely with the locals earlier. But things turned worse in the last couple of days,\" he added.When contacted, academy executive director Babu Joseph said the institution had taken the apartment on rent to lodge the Nigerian students. \"We have appointed local staff at the apartment to check the activities of these students. Above all, there are surveillance cameras at the apartment.The locals have been behaving rudely with the students. We have also decided to lodge a complaint with the State Human Rights Commission,\" he added.Police, in the meanwhile, have launched a probe into the complaint filed by locals at the Thrikkakara police station against the Nigerians students alleging that ten persons among the group had appeared nude on the balcony of the apartment. Police officials said they had been probing the complaint in detail and no statement could be made at this point of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583593", "title": "79 villages ignore sanitation, run up health risks", "text": "PUNE: Good sanitation practices were ignored by 79 villages in Pune district, a survey by Pune Zilla Parishad has said.The administration has issued notices to the local bodies and asked them to stop practices that will contaminate drinking water supplied to villagers. The villages have been issued red cards.The sanitary survey was conducted between October to December 2011 in 1,407 villages in 13 talukas in Pune district. The administration scrutinised the villages and water sources for water disinfection, availability of TCL powder, hygiene and cleanliness near water sources, occurrence of water-born diseases in the village, leakage at valves, pipes and taps etc.\"A thorough inspection was undertaken at each village. The team inspected the water sources, wells, bore-wells, taps and water tanks. Villages that failed to meet the criteria of sanitation were issued the red cards. The rest were given green cards,\" a ZP official said.\"The survey team found that water sources like wells, bore-wells were unclean and lacked proper hygiene. Some villages were short of TCL powder (it has 35% chlorine and is mixed with water for purification), while in some villages the powder was not used in required measures to further improve the quality of potable water at regular intervals. The water pipes had many leakages,\" said an official.Junnar taluka has most villages (18) with red cards followed by Khed (15), Maval (13) and Indapur (10).Officials from ZP said the results of this survey were better than the previous survey conducted between April and June 2011 where about 210 villages were issued red cards. Since then, the situation in the district has improved.\"Failure to maintain proper hygiene could lead to spread of water-borne diseases among residents. Hence, villages with red cards are asked to initiate corrective measures with immediate effect,\" said an official from health department of the ZP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584330", "title": "'Supply milk to destitute women, kids'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court has ordered a group of dairy owners to supply 100 litres of milk everyday to destitute women and children at Nirmal Chhaya for the next 15 days, as punishment in a case of assault. Public prosecutor Navin Sharma urged the court to impose heavy cost on the petitioners as they were accused not just of beating up the neighbours but also of molesting and misbehaving with the women of the household.The superintendent of the welfare home will ensure purity of the milk supplied on a daily basis. According to the prosecution, the neighbour, Vinay, lodged a complaint with the Roop Nagar police in November last year. He named Teka Singh and his accomplices of injuring him and his family members, and molesting women. The police registered an FIR on charges of causing hurt and outraging modesty of women. However, when tempers cooled, Vinay and his family members decided to withdraw the case as Singh and his relatives lived nearby and were acquaintances, aside from the dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583163", "title": "Women paratroopers steal the show", "text": "HYDERABAD: A perfect landing by paratrooper Wing Commander Asha Jhothirmai, who has logged more than 600 jumps so far, added the zing to the diamond jubilee celebrations of Air Force Station, Begumpet, on Saturday. Hyderabad-born Asha Jhotirmai-led Air Devils Team of paratroopers stole the hearts of the audience with their display.Air Chief Marshal (rtd) I H Latif, who commanded Air Force Station, Begumpet, from 1959 to 1960, was the chief guest at the event. Established in 1951, Air Force Station is presently commanded by Group Captain E K Prasad. The No.1 Air Force Flying Academy, which was stationed at Ambala, had been moved to Hyderabad in October 1951.At the diamond jubilee celebrations on Saturday morning, the sudden gutsy wind caused some anxious moments as one of the shamianas set up for the audience collapsed. The iron rods supporting the shamiana got uprooted and fell on the audience. It was a lucky escape for a schoolgirl, who suffered minor bruises. The staff at the standby ambulance gave her first-aid treatment.The show, however, went on, unmindful of the incident as the Ari Warrior Drill Team displayed its prowess while the Air Force Band made an impressive presentation. Speaking to reporters later, Asha Jhotirmai, who was the centre of attraction at the celebrations, said, \"paratrooping always poses a tough challenge. On one occasion, I lost two of my teeth and suffered injuries when I landed on the rooftop of a house. The wind can be dangerous.\"An accounts officer at Air Force Station, Begumpet, Asha leads the women's paratroopers team in the country. The team was, however, only formed recently.At a press conference, Air Chief Marshal (rdt) I H Latif expressed his concern over the deaths of trainee pilots in the country during mishaps. \"The aircraft are old but HAL has also started manufacturing them. Whatever be the case, the commitment shown by the fighter aircraft pilots is laudable. They fly at dangerous low levels and that is what they are meant to do to avoid being detected by the enemy,\" Air Chief Marshal (rtd) Latif said.Latif however, refused to be drawn into controversy regarding the date of birth of Army chief General V K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11585844", "title": "It\u2019s a challenge", "text": "PUNE: The civic election may turn out to be an acid test for political parties, corporators and dozens of aspirants and in its wake stretch the civic administration's machinery and the challenge the voters too. The reason: Some 'firsts' introduced by the state election commission.These include introduction of the panel system with one male and one female candidate after 50 % reservation for women , introduction of the end button in the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs), strict restrictions on publicity campaigns with appointment of a special monitoring committee, increase in the electoral expenses from the present to Rs 1 lakh to Rs 4 lakh.\"The elections are coming with many new rules introduced by the state election commission including the special committee for the paid news for civic polls and EVMs with end buttons. The civic administration is prepared for the polls. As there are new happenings, this time we are taking efforts to enlighten voters by launching publicity campaigns,\" said municipal commissioner and Pune's chief election officer Mahesh Pathak. He was speaking at a meeting of all political parties to introduce and discuss the February polls.This year's election has greater significance because of the state government's decision to reserve 50% seats for women. The seats are usually distributed in five categories - women, scheduled caste, scheduled tribe, other backward classes and the open category. As per the election commission's orders, the final figures of the 2011 census will be considered for formation of two-member panels for elections.The panel system was introduced for the first time in 2002, but five years later, the ward system was brought back on the insistence of the political parties. As per the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949, for a population above three lakh and up to six lakh, the minimum number of elected councilors shall be 65. For every additional population of 15,000 above three lakh, one additional councilor shall be provided. Pune will have 76 panels and 152 seats. Each panel will have male and female candidate contesting from A and B seat in the panel.\"The EVMs are prepared for the panel system polls. Each EVM will have control and ballot units and two sections for two candidates. Candidates contesting from A seat of the panel will be listed in the white column while candidates contesting from B seat of the panel will be listed in the pink column. If there are more than 15 candidates, two EVMs will be placed,\" Pathak said.He added, \"If the voter wants to vote only one of the two candidates in panel they should press button opposite to that candidate and then press end button. If only one candidate is voted and end button is not pressed the EVN will show red light and officer in election booth is authorized to press end button in this case to ready the EVM for next voting.\"Pathak added that on February 17 the counting of votes will start at the ward offices at 8 am. With the EVMs in play the results will be out by afternoon.\"The state election commission has given strict orders to monitor the print and electronic media content. To monitor the paid news election commission has appointed a committee at the PMC level under the chairmanship of the municipal commissioner. The PMC has started special unit where the officers are scrutinizing the media content daily,\" said Pathak.He added that the candidates and parties will have to submit the CDs and hard copies of the electronic media campaign. The election commission will be closely monitoring the content of the campaign and can initiate action against the leaders who will malign opponents making personal comments.\"If the committee observes that the candidate or the party has opted for paid news, the committee will add the expenses for that particular item to the election expenses and if it exceeds the limit, the candidate can be disqualified from the membership or action could be taken against them,\" K C Karkar, who is heading the code of conduct committee of the PMC polls, said.Candidates will have to take permission of the property owners and then the PMC to put hoardings and banners. \"Candidates can celebrate festivals, but should not make speeches or give gifts,\" he added.Political parties will have to submit the expenses to the election office since the election code of conduct is in place while the candidates will have to submit a daily report of expenses from the day they submit their nomination forms. The state election commission recently announced a four-fold increase in poll expense limit for candidates contesting the upcoming civic elections. For the PMC elections, the limit was raised from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 4 lakh.Parties want poll meetings on roads, at chowks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11584626", "title": "Fraud in procurement of material in CDCCB alleged", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Chandrapur District Central Co-operative Bank (CDCCB) is under the scanner for alleged misappropriation in procurements of different materials for the bank. With five year term of the ruling group coming to an end in March, opposition group has again raised the issue of corruption in the bank.The complaint filed with state cooperative ministry raises various cases of misappropriation in procurment done between 2009-2011 have been raised. Misappropriation of crores of rupees has been alleged in the complaint filed with the state cooperative ministry. Different cases of alleged misappropriation in procurement between 2009-11 have been raised in the complaint.As per complaint, the graph of the procurement of material suddenly shot manifold after 2009-10. Bank had procured various items worth 51.13 lakh in 2009-10. The cost of procurement rose to 2.51 crore in 2010-11. During current fiscal (year 2011-12) up to December the bank has purchased material worth 2.01 crore.It was also alleged that in purchase of computer hardware, CBS software, ATMs, computer antivirus software and CCTV cameras excess rates were quoted as compared to market price. Bank procured computer hardware and CBS software for its 20 branches from M/s Trust System and Software (E) Pvt Ltd. The same company has also supplied 17 ATM machines for installation in rural areas and computer antivirus software to the bank. This company also carried out the work of structure networking, electrical fitting and earthing work for 28 branches of the bank. The bank's administration's got all the work done from the company which was actually blacklisted. , has been alleged of procuring these materials at excess rates. It has been pointed out that the supplying company is one that has been earlier blacklisted by the bank.Trust System was allegedly involved in the major misappropriation in procurement of hardware in 1999-2000 for the bank. According to the complaint, the company had supplied computer hardware worth 54.39 lakh in 1999-2000. But, anti corruption department had unearthed misappropriation of 19 lakh in this procurement deal.Accordingly the then president and officiating manager of the bank along with managing director of the company were booked for corruption. Subsequently bank had blacklisted the company and a case was filed court. Still the company is being repeatedly awarded with various contracts of supplying the material, the complaint points out.Though general manager of the bank Ranjendra Barde refuted the charges of misappropriation, . He claimed that all the procurement deals were fair and carried out as per regulations. He also clarified that issue of Trust System too has been settled, hence the bank has once again started dealing with the company.deputy registrar (cooperative) SS Khirsagar agreed that complaints over few deals done by CDCCB have been received and investigation is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583628", "title": "Talks postponed as Sena, BJP focus on candidate interviews", "text": "NASHIK: The meeting of Shiv Sena and BJP leaders scheduled for Saturday to discuss seat sharing for the ensuing Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections, was postponed to Sunday as both parties focused on interviewing the ticket aspirants of their respective parties.Around 250 Shiv Sena aspirants were interviewed on Saturday, while the remaining are to be interviewed on Sunday.Shiv Sena city chief Arjun Tile said, \"We have started interviews of aspirants for the ensuing NMC elections and around 250 aspirants were interviewed today, while the remaining are to be interviewed on Sunday. The meeting between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders, which was scheduled on Saturday, is to be held on Sunday as we were busy conducting interviews of aspirants for the upcoming NMC election.\"Meanwhile, the interviews of BJP aspirants, which started on Thursday, were finished on Saturday. The interviews of the BJP aspirants were conducted for all 122 seats of the NMC.While the Congress and NCP have finalized their seats sharing , the Shiv Sena and BJP ruling has still not reached a consensus on the issue. Only one meeting between Sena and BJP has been held so far.The meeting between Sena and BJP leaders which was scheduled for Saturday will be held on Sunday as we were busy with candidate interviews for the NMC elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11588662", "title": "UPA's approach on Centre-state ties 'authoritarian': L K Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming the UPA government for its \"authoritarian\" approach towards states, BJP veteran L K Advani today said all those who believe in strong Centre-state relations should come together on it even as he praised Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa for highlighting the issue.\"Making states strong does not lead to making the Centre weak. We need a strong Centre, but the Centre cannot become strong unless the states become strong,\" Advani wrote in his latest blog posting.He said Jayalalithaa had flagged the issue during a recent meeting of the National Development Council where she maintained that she was not sure whether \"the Government of India recognises the states as partners, leave alone equal partners, and respects their viewpoint.\"The BJP leader said the \"same high-handed and authoritarian approach was also seen when it sought to impose its own version of the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill on states.\"He said this was opposed by BJP, its NDA and also by AIADMK and even key UPA partner Trinamool Congress .\"The moot point is that Congress has learnt no lesson from the past. It still deludes itself by thinking that it alone has the right to govern India,\" he said, adding, \"All those who believe in democracy and healthy Centre-State relations must come together to defeat this arrogant mindset.\"Attacking the Centre, Advani also used the opportunity to term Jayalalithaa's AIADMK as BJP's natural ally.He said though AIADMK is not formally a part of the National Democratic Alliance, the informal floor coordination with the party in Parliament has been growing.Advani recalled that he had thanked the Tamil Nadu government for averting a bomb threat to his Jan Chetna yatra when it was passing through Madurai region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "11589884", "title": "Graham Ford set to replace Marsh as Sri Lanka coach", "text": "COLOMBO: Geoff Marsh's unimpressive four-month stint as Sri Lanka coach is almost over with the SLC set to appoint former South Africa coach Graham Ford as the Australian's successor.Ford coached the Proteas for two years from 1999 to 2001, taking over from the late Bob Woolmer .An official announcement on this is likely to be made after the one-day series against South Africa, ESPNcricinfo has reported.Under Marsh, Sri Lanka have lost three and won one of the five Tests they played. The only win, though, was their first ever in South Africa.They have also lost seven of the nine ODIs they have played.Ford will be the third coach appointed by Sri Lanka since Trevor Bayliss stepped down after leading them to the 2011 World Cup final.Marsh was appointed for two years in September, 2011 and was in charge for the series against Pakistan and South Africa.Stuart Law , who was Bayliss' assistant, took over for the England tour before quitting to coach Bangladesh . Rumesh Ratnayake then took over for the home series against Australia, before Marsh's appointment.Ford this week resigned as head coach of the Dolphins, the Durban-based franchise.After his stint with the Proteas, Ford moved to Kent as director of cricket in 2004, and in 2006, returned home to take charge of the Dolphins.In June 2007, he was offered the challenge of coaching India but declined.In 2009, he withdrew his name from the shortlist of candidates for the England coaching job.The islanders have come in for sharp criticism for their lacklustre performance since reaching the World Cup final, and there is a possibility that skipper Tillakaratne Dilshan might also be replaced by Mahela Jayawardene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583254", "title": "Memory enhancing drugs spell doom for students: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: With the fast approaching Board examinations, the students are busy in giving final touches to preparations. The guides and solved and unsolved board question papers of the previous years are the first choice of the students. The teachers oppose this shortcut method which may help the students to get good marks but adversely affects the skills.The book markets are full of a large variety of guides, unsolved question papers and other shortcut methods of securing good marks. With large number of buyers, the publishing houses are also trying best to provide something new to the students every year.The question papers of the last ten years are in demand.\"Students always try hard to analyse the pattern of questions being asked by Board. But they don't think about its negative aspect. It may compress their logical skills of answering the questions,\" said Madhulika Shukla, a chemistry teacher.Another teacher Neela Bajpai said that it is always better to go through the books even on the last days of the examinations as book give complete knowledge. These guides and unsolved papers are temporary solution which can be used for revision but not for complete knowledge of the topic.Even psychologists oppose overuse of these shortcut methods. According to the psychological experts, the dependence on guides and unsolved papers compress the thought process and logical skill of the students which can never be regained.\"It's possible that these shortcut keys may help one attain good marks. But the student have to pay for it in future,\" said Dr LK Singh, head of divisional psychological centre.Use of guides and unsolved papers is good but only for revision. Those who study from guides are harming their future.The psychologists oppose the use of memory enhancing aids which are used by the students. Even the parents are buying the memory sharpening medicines without thinking of side-effects.\"To secure good percentage in board exams, students are try every possible way. They rely on memory drugs which claim to increase the memory power. But one must consult a doctor before buying these medicines. Memory cannot be increased in a day or two as it is a part of intelligent quotient (IQ) which can be developed but not enhanced or reduced,\" Dr Singh added.Memory enhancing syrups and medicines are easily available in the market which can be purchased without prescription. Such medicines are in demand these days.Even after knowing the side-effects of these medicines harm caused by guides, a large number of students are opting these modes for success.What to consume and what to avoid:TO CONSUME* Home-made food* Fruits and vegetables* Salads and roasted snacks* Micro-nutrient fortified beverages* Lots of water* Small and frequent mealsNOT TO CONSUME* Medicines that claim to enhance memory* Tobacco products* Junk food* Fried/oily snacks* Food or drinks in large quantitiesTIPS FOR PREPARATIONS* Keep the spirit high and be confident. One can crack any exam if he/she is confident* Eat right, drink right and think right* Twenty minutes of exercise daily is recommended for keeping body physically fit, active and alert* Take a short (5-10 minutes) break after every 45-50 minutes of regular study. This will help to gain concentration* Sleep for seven hours a day. This will help body function well and keep one internally strong", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11590494", "title": "Recreational hub to come up in Ganga diara", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites will soon have a new hub of recreational, adventure and cultural activities as Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has planned to develop one such centre at the Ganga diara. \"Notice inviting tenders for the purpose was issued early this month,\" Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC, told TOI.The corporation has decided to set up an amusement park for children and water sports facilities for youngsters at the diara. Elephant, horse and camel ride would be the added attraction for visitors. \"We are also planning to organize various cultural and musical activities like folk song and dance performance by local artists and musical shows of various bands on a daily basis,\" said Kumar.The food plaza here would offer various popular Bihari cuisines along with Chinese, Continental and Indian delicacies of various states. There would be both snacks and main course corner for visitors.\"It would be a complete hangout spot, offering entertainment and enjoyment to all the age groups,\" Kumar said, adding, \"This hangout will remain open only for nine months every year. During the rainy season all such activities here would be suspended.\"This proposed recreational centre would be built in a one kilometre area from the bank, said an official of BSTDC. There would be entry fee. \"But the charges are yet to be decided. These would be decided by the agency taking up the project,\" said Kumar.The hub would be made operational under PPP (public private partnership) mode. BSTDC would be giving the land on lease to the interested agency at the rate of Rs 2 per square feet per month which would be valid for the first year only. For the next five years, it would be at the rate of Rs 5 per square feet per month. The agency interested in setting up this new hangout spot would have to use a minimum area of 100 sq metres.\"The proposed facility will have to be totally eco-friendly, robust and safe for all age groups in general and children in particular,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584498", "title": "NMC bogus cheque case gets murkier", "text": "NAGPUR: More shocking details are emerging from the bogus cheque case unearthed in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The fraudster has opened all three accounts, in which the bogus cheques were deposited, by submitting fake address and documents.The case came to fore when a staffer from NMC's finance department noticed that the payment of Rs 26,81,990 was deducted from NMC's account against three cheques bearing the numbers that were yet to be issued.The officials concerned swung into action and requested the Bank of Maharashtra, NMC branch, to freeze the accounts. Later, the NMC got credit of Rs 21,39,150 while the remaining amount likely to be cleared in coming days.Kicking off the investigation, Sadar police had gone to the Corporation Bank , Wardha branch, UCO Bank , Gondia branch and SBI branch, Amravati, where the cheques were deposited.\"We have brought all three cheques from the banks. Though the names are different on all the cheques, the parent address given in the account was same. Shockingly, the address too is bogus and no such plot exists,\" said senior police inspector station Rajratna Bansod.Investigation officer PSI AM Bose told TOI that all three accounts were opened in November 2011.\"Photo copy of driving license and electricity bill submitted to open the account are same but with different names. The address was of Ramkrishna Nagar in Amravati. The plot number does not exist in that area. Besides, the photos submitted to open the account are of same person but in different looks. In one picture, the person was having beard while just mustaches and completely bald in the second and third one,\" he said.Bose added that the accused had withdrawn money from his all three accounts from ATMs. \"We have asked the banks to give footage of the accused from the ATMs,\" he said.If the accused had not done any mischief while withdrawing the money, the footage will help to identify him,\" he said.Meanwhile, police called the officials from NMC to see the photo obtained from the banks. But none of them could identify the person in the photo.The bogus cheques deposited by the fraudster are as accurate as the original one. The accused had not only published the bogus cheques but also prepared the stamps of chief accounts and finance officer and municipal secretary of NMC. The accused also made signs of these two officers and are as accurate as original, said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588743", "title": "Amy paired with Charan", "text": "Amy Jackson is playing one of the two female leads to be paired opposite Ram Charan Tej in Yevadu, directed by Vamsi Paidipalli.\"Amy and Samantha have been confirmed to play the female leads and we'll start shooting from February 13,\" says producer Dil Raju. With a Bollywood project with Gautham Menon and a Tamil film with Vikram, Amy is surely on a roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583205", "title": "2 BE students die in road mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two engineering students, who were returning home from college, died in a span of 24 hours after their bike collided with a DCM van near Outer Ring Road in Ibrahimpatnam on Friday evening.The Ibrahimpatnam police said AVN Engineering College students A Swagath Kumar, and B Revanth, both 18 years old, were riding on the service road near ORR at a high speed on Friday evening.After reaching Bokarammohan Reddy Poultry, they rammed into a DCM van coming from the opposite direction at about 4 pm.\"Swagath Kumar died on the spot while Revanth succumbed to his injuries while undergoing treatment at a private hospital on Saturday. Eye-witnesses said both the vehicles were travelling at high speed\", Ibrahimpatnam inspector K Ram Kumar told STOI.Police said due to the high-speed collision, Swagath, who was riding the bike, slammed into the windshield of the van after being thrown off the two-wheeler. During the investigation, police discovered that Swagath did not have a driving licence.Swagath and Revanth hailed from Mahbubnagar and Warangal districts respectively, but they had been staying somewhere in Dilsuknagar.The DCM driver fled from the location immediately after the accident.Police have registered a case under section 304-A (Causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the DCM driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585463", "title": "\u2018Paranjape\u2019s rebellion a direct attack on Uddhav\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Did Matoshree fuel Shiv Sena MP Anand Paranjape's ire? If and when the dust settles from the Sena's suave young parliamentarian's rebellion-perfectly timed to embarrass the party ahead of the crucial civic polls-Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray will have to address a question that has long been nagging party functionaries across the state. Is Paranjape's act symptomatic of a greater malaise in the ranks of Sainiks who are dissatisfied with the party's style of functioning?Following his dramatic entry at a press meet held by NCP chief Sharad Pawar in Mumbai on Friday, Paranjape took a jibe at his party saying that the Sena of the present day falls short of the expectations of the patriarch Bal Thackeray . \"It was a direct attack on Uddhav's ability to captain the Sena cadre, which he merely inherited from his father who founded the party nearly 50 years ago,\" a close aide of Paranjape told TOI.Insiders said the rebel MP from Kalyan had for long been vocal about his discontent with Sena bigwigs primarily for their lack of any clear approach to development projects in Kalyan and their apathy towards national issues such as the party's decision to reject membership into the Join Parliamentary Committee set up to probe the 2G scandal.Paranjape made matters difficult for himself by attending the wedding of Congress leader Narayan Rane's son and inviting Uddhav's estranged cousin Raj Thackeray to his brother's wedding reception two years ago.Since then, Matoshree has been suspicious of Paranjape, and there have instances where Uddhav has publicly rebuked the party MP, and even giving him the cold shoulder at events-all indicating his growing resentment towards the Kalyan MP.Paranjape allegedly poured his heart out to Pawar during a meeting in Delhi where he is said to have voiced his worst fears that Uddhav would soon show him the door. Not one to miss an opportunity to increase the NCP's strength in the Lok Sabha, he used Paranjape's discontent at Friday's press conference to demoralise the Sena.Many in the party feel that Uddhav should have had a manto-man talk with the young MP and addressed his grievances \"instead of simply taking advice from close associates at face value,\" said the aide. He added that the middle-level Sena leadership in Thane publicly mock Uddhav while liberally showering praises at Raj Thackeray for his \"firm and fiery leadership qualities\". \"The public also silently admire Rahul Gandhi ,\"he said.A local leader said: \"Insecurity has pervaded the Sena today as the top leadership has no connect at the grassroots level. They depend on a small coterie to advise them.\" In the face of Paranjape's rebellion, the Sena has pulled out all stops to retain its control over the Thane municipal corporation. But leaders say that Paranjape is seen as a political featherweight who was nominated to contest the Thane Lok Sabha seat on a Sena ticket after the death of his father Prakash.\"He won the bypolls from Thane and the 2009 parliamentary polls from Kalyan merely because of the Sena's organizational network and dedicated Sainiks. He is blinded by political ambitions. It has crushed our morale,\" said a Sena leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585233", "title": "Union minister holds meeting for protection of Jaisalmer fort", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister for housing, urban poverty alleviation and culture, Kumari Selja, held a meeting at the secretariat here on Saturday for the protection and conservation of world-renowned Jaisalmer fort.The dismal state of the fort was highlighted by TOI in its January 16 edition which caught the attention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who sought a report from culture minister Selja.A section of the fort wall collapsed last year. Though the Archeological Survey of India has pasted cautionary notices, the monument is facing deterioration. It has hundreds of families living in its precincts and their relocation is an urgent concern, given its fragile state.Experts had also raised concern over the safety of the historical Sonar Fort, as a recent seismic study has indicated tectonic instability in a section of its foothill.Minister Selja expressed concern at the present condition of the forts and said the Central and state governments and others must do their best to protect the forts in the state. She said that there were two main issues to be resolved for protection of the forts. Firstly, unauthorized constructions and encroachments should be removed and secondly there should be an effective system to let the water flow out of the fort.Chief secretary S Ahmad said that an authority must be formed under the district collector for conservation and protection of the forts. He said that the officers of the archeology department and representatives of municipal bodies must be members of the authority. This authority must have the power to initiate any work relating to the development and the protection of the forts. The union minister directed that appropriate action be taken in this regard.The minister said that apart from the Jaisalmer fort, the Kuldhara and Khaba should also be developed. Among those present at the meeting were minister for tourism, art &amp; culture, Bina Kak, chief secretary S Ahmad and principal secretary UDH P K Deb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11584634", "title": "Death continues to haunt temple town's roads", "text": "PONDA: Last year saw 11 more people die on Ponda's roads as compared to the 37 who died in 2010. The 48 deaths from 44 accidents from January to December 2011 meant the temple town averaged one death every week. Tellingly, of the 48 dead, 20 were pedestrians.Ponda assistant director of transport Nandkishore Arolkar attributed the cause for the rise in road fatalities to the narrow roads and the overall increase in the number of vehicles in the state. \"A decade ago, there were just 2.5-3 lakh vehicles for the 13 lakh residents of Goa. The state's present population is about 15 lakh, while its number of registered vehicles is about 6 lakh. That's a 2.5:1 person to vehicle ratio. The roads on the other hand have remained as they were a decade ago,\" said the senior transport official.Citing the example of Meghalaya, Arolkar said the north-eastern state has a population of 12 lakh but has just 10,000 registered vehicles, while Goa has, on an average, two vehicles per five persons. \"The rising number of vehicles moving along narrow roads leads to a rise in accidents,\" Arolkar claimed.He added that rash driving, even by office goers seeking to reach on time, is another cause of the accidents. \"There is also a severe shortage of motor vehicle inspectors. It leaves us unable to check every road and control reckless traffic,\" Arolkar said.Ponda DySP Naresh Mhamal added, \"To avoid road accidents and thereby reduce casualties, Goan roads must be widened.\" He claimed that the trend of youngsters, sometimes school-going, being given motorbikes by their parents, has upped the number of vehicles on the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11584762", "title": "Another offence against VMC contractor", "text": "VADODARA: Another offence was lodged against Chaitali Constructions, a construction contractor, who had allegedly duped the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) by furnishing tampered bills. The VMC had registered an offence previously too when the scam had come to light.Earlier, the contractor was booked for duping the civic body by around Rs 20 lakh. He had tampered with the payment slips issued for collection of the amount due to him. He had added the digit one to the amount in figures and also modified the amount in words accordingly.Subsequently, it had come to light that three other bills amounting to Rs 5.65 lakh, Rs 11.42 lakh and Rs 3.31 lakh were tempered in a similar way. The irregularity came to light when the VMC started verification of all the bills submitted by the contracting firm.Sources said that due to the tampering, the municipal corporation had to pay an additional amount of Rs 29.99 lakh after some deductions at the time of payment. The company and its proprietor Manish Patel have been named as accused in the fresh FIR registered regarding the issue on Friday at the Navapura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585501", "title": "MP anti-graft bill may get nod soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Pending before the Centre for long, the Madhya Pradesh Special Courts Bill 2011 is all set to get clearance, paving way for confiscation of property amassed by government servants through corrupt means and its for public cause.\"We came to know that Union home ministry has already got legal opinion that the provisions of the bill are legally and constitutionally valid. Now, it's for the home ministry to approve it as early as possible and forward it for Presidential assent,\" top state government sources told TOI.Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha had passed the \"MP Vishesh Nayayalaya Adhiniyam 2011\"in April last year for setting up of special courts to try public servants accused of amassing wealth through illegal means and for confiscation of their property.As per the provisions of the bill, the special courts to be set up under the new Act will have power to attach the properties of the corrupt officials, and put them to use in public interest. District sessions judges and additional sessions judges would be in charge of the special courts.Currently, corrupt officials were being prosecuted under Prevention of Corruption Act 1988, CrPC 1973 and Indian Penal Code 1860; however there was inordinate delay in the disposal of such cases. The bill is aimed at quick disposal of cases within a year and completes the hearings on property attachment cases within six months.Chances of bill getting early Presidential assent brightened at a time when the BJP government has been trying to score political points by accusing the UPA government, led by the Congress, of delaying clearance to the anti-corruption bill. When the Anna Hazare's campaign for Jan Lokpal was at its peak, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had made a trip to Delhi and called on President, Prime Minister, home minister and others to press for early clearance of bill.Earlier in the day, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had told newsmen that he would visit Delhi again to press for immediate clearance of the bill. \"Take the case of former union minister Sukhram, who has been convicted now for 1996 telecom scam. Does conviction after so many years make any sense?\" he asked adding the new state law would help dispose of corruption cases within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585236", "title": "Khangura gets 2nd notice for party at Park Plaza on nomination eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jassi Khangura, Congress candidate from Dakha constituency in Ludhiana, is under EC scrutiny over a dinner he had hosted at his five-star hotel, Park Plaza, in Ludhiana on the eve of his nomination. He was served a second notice on Saturday, after his reply to the first notice was not found \"satisfactory\" by the returning officer. The hotelier-turned-politician, who won the last assembly elections from Kila Raipur seat, was asked to explain the dinner for Dakha voters, for which he had sent out invitations on Facebook. The observers calculated the expenditure for that night to Rs 4.50 lakhs.\"It was a corporate dinner, which the hotel hosted for NRIs from Dakha. They form a significant portion of our hotel's clientele. How can EC bill this to my account when I was not even a candidate at that point of time. My expenditure account started from January 12, after I filed the nomination on January 11. The dinner was hosted on January 10,\" he told TOI.However, the poll commission has not found the reply satisfactory and served him a second notice. \"We are waiting for his second reply,\" said DC and district returning officer Rahul Tiwari. A video recording unit had filmed the entire party after receiving information about the event on the night of January 10.\"They will have to first prove that the dinner was political in nature, which is not possible since no politics were discussed. I also feel that the figure is quite inflated because I vaguely remember the hotel having arranged for about 16 tables for that night. I put the invite on Facebook because, for me, it is a common interface for social and corporate affairs,\" Khangura replied to a query.Assembly elections 2012 newsPunjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584838", "title": "Birders slam bad management", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Although delegates appreciated the effort and initiative of the state to conduct the second global birdwatchers conference, there was a lot of criticism and dissatisfaction among bird watchers about the lack of organization.Lack of facilities for group booking caused members of some bird watchers groups to be scattered across hotels in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar. \"Our group had sent an email about our choice to stay and travel together. However, we were not only booked in different rooms, but different hotels,\" said Satpal Gandhi, a bird enthusiast from Dehradun.The ordeal continued during the field trips as well. On the way to Thol from Gandhinagar, delegates were lost since the tourism guide didn't know the directions. The distressed bird lovers finally reached late.For amateurs, the lack of an expert guide was a major setback. If not a guide, if atleast an information kit was provided it would have been appreciated.\"We are wasting too much time travelling. Staying closer to the bird watching sites is preferable. Last year at Khijadiya, the conference and accommodation were close to birding sites. Hence, we could take maximum advantage of the four days,\" said Gandhi. He added that they had not been provided detailed itineraries of the field trips.Tim Hedgley, a British journalist attending the conference, wrote to TOI reiterating the ordeal. \"We have not seen our hosts and we have no point of contact. Also, there is no tour guide or programme itinerary,\" said Hedgley. \"I have come here to promote India and all I have had in three days is no sleep, total confusion and downright rude hospitality.\"When contacted about the issue, Param Shah, the head of FIGujarat State Council, admitted to some teething problems. \"Some groups changed their travel routes very late, as a result, there was some confusion. However, we have decided to incorporate the suggestions of group bookings from next year,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11588751", "title": "Loan to give temporary respite only for Cochin Port", "text": "KOCHI: The sanction obtained by the Cochin Port Trust (CPT) to avail loan up to Rs 150 crore from SBI may at best prove to be a temporary relief to the port which is besieged by a host of challenges with implications on its financial health.The CPT Chairman Paul Antony had said earlier that the port would find it difficult even to pay off it salaries unless the Union Ministry of Shipping gives it the sanction to avail the loan. ``This amount of Rs 150 crore that the money would be sufficient to meet the immediate requirements. We should be able to use amount for paying off salaries and other requirements. We understand that the Union Ministry of Shipping has imposed several conditions for availing the loan, though we are yet to the nature of those terms,'' Paul told TOI on Friday.The port's wage bill itself was about Rs 120 crore last year. With the commissioning of the International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam, the port now has to spent about Rs 110 crore annually for maintenance dredging which is way above the amount of Rs 30 crore it was spending earlier.The CPT is footing the entire bill for the maintenance dredging of the 10.5 nautical mile channel which can now receive vessels with a draft as high as 14.5 meters . The CPT is still hoping it will receive some grant from the Centre for maintenance dredging as the channel is also being used by other agencies like the Navy, Coast Guard and Cochin Shipyard.The CPT was pinning hopes on the possibilities of increased revenue from the ICTT. It had estimated that the cargo coming to Cochin port would double from 3.5 lakh containers to 7 alkh containers in the first year of commissioning of ICTT. But the container grow rate has been dismal and had been even negative in some months during the past one year.The major block in realising CPT's business plans was the Cabotage rules which insist that only Indian flagged vessels can remove the international container cargo arriving at ICTT to other Indian ports. The CPT's efforts to get an exemption from Cabotage waiver are yet to bear fruit. The disputes over customs inspection of cargo handled at ICTT was another factor that dissuaded many international cargo operators from coming to Kochi.The port has been running on losses since 2007 when Cochin Refinery's oil tanker operations were shifted from the port terminal to outer sea, the CPT sources said. This shift meant the CPT losing a revenue of Rs 40 crore annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585889", "title": "Ranchi takes a leaf out of Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: In an attempt to learn about the decentralized system of governance in Kerala, councillors of Ranchi Municipal Corporation visited the Kochi Corporation on Friday. A team of 55 council members, including Ranchi mayor Rama Khalkho, held discussions with their counterparts in Kochi.\"The Municipal Act was recently enacted in Ranchi and they are here to know more about the governance of local bodies. They also discussed implementation of various development projects carried out by Kochi Corporation,\" said deputy mayor B Bhadra.Ranchi councillors met Kochi Mayor, Tony Chammany and the heads of various standing committees. \"They discussed management of various development issues like health, roads and waste management in the city,\" said corporation secretary Patil Ajith Bhagwatrao.He clarified that there was no intention of signing any agreement between the two civic bodies and there were no plans to hold further meetings. After the visit, the Ranchi team left for Alappuzha.The Ranchi councillors discussed implementation of various development projects carried out by Kochi Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585393", "title": "Six MYH doctors yet to reply to ED notices", "text": "As many as six doctors, who allegedly involved in the controversial clinical trials on poor patients, of the Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) are yet to respond to the notices issued by the Enforcement Directorate asking them to provide details about their foreign trips reportedly sponsored by some pharmaceutical companies.Sources said that almost a week back, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) officials sought details from six doctors of the MYH namely Dr Hemant Jain, Dr Pushpa Verma, Dr Apurva Pauranik, Dr Ashok Bajpayee, Dr Salil Bhargava and Dr Anil Bharani for visiting as many as eight foreign countries in the past six years. The six doctors visited various foreign countries reportedly without getting their leaves sanctioned by competent authorities.Sources said that these six doctors travelled to countries namely China, Malaysia, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, USA, UAE and UK between 2004 and 2010. Their trips were reportedly sponsored by pharma companies Pfizer, Johnson &amp; Johnson, Eli Lilly, Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck and Panacea, added the sources.Significantly, all these doctors are involved in the unethical clinical trials conducted in the city. The notice was served after a report was sent to the ED headquarters and they had to submit their report in a week time.\"We have not received any rely to the notices, which sought the details related to foreign visits made by the doctors. We will intimate to our head office about the non-compliance of notice,\" said an official of enforcement directorate. He further said that the ED will again issue a notice and if not answered appropriate action would be taken.A similar notice was issued to SDM SL Prajapati as he had been probing the matter since September last year to find out how many doctors paid foreign visits sponsored by pharma companies during the period between 2004 and 2010.Dissatisfied over the report of Prajapati, divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar asked him to conduct the probe afresh. However, nothing concrete could come out. Later, the erring doctors came under ED radar.These doctors have earlier answered to a question raised in State Assembly that they made a dozen trips to various foreign countries. According to the sources with the ED, these doctors may have charged enough money from the trips to be charged under Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).According to sources, the ED officials after taking cognizance of media reports have geared themselves up to take suitable action against the doctors, who went abroad without taking consent from a competent authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11588198", "title": "PIL seeks rules for appointment of governor", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigation filed in the Bombay high court has sought direction to the Union government to frame elaborate rules on the appointment of governors under article 157 of the Constitution.Existing provisions of article 157 are vague and discriminatory, says the petitioner, advocate V P Patil, adding that a person holding this Constitutional post must not be a `political appointee'.Article 157 states that a person of Indian nationality and at least 35 years of age can be appointed as governor. The PIL argues that going by these criteria, \"half the country's population\" would be eligible.In the absence of elaborate rules, the existing provisions are \"arbitrary and illegal\", the PIL says.It further states that as the governor also exercises some quasi-judicial powers, the appointee must have good knowledge of the Constitution.The PIL suggests that appointment rules can be framed by committee headed by Chief Justice of India and comprising Speaker of Lok Sabha and the Prime Minister.The petition may come up for hearing on February 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585443", "title": "Cop turns \u2018Governor, CM\u2019 for 40 days", "text": "BHOPAL: For 40 days in a year, he plays the role of 'Governor' and 'Chief Minister' of the state with great perfection. He has been doing this every year for almost the past decade. Meet Ram Chandra Singh Kushwaha, constable of 7th battalion.From January 4 to 24, Kushwah plays the role of Governor of Madhya Pradesh during the full dress rehearsal of Republic day celebrations at the Lal parade ground. One hour each in morning and evening. Again, in August for 20 days, he plays the role of Chief Minister of the state.A constable of 7th battalion, Kushwah has been playing these roles with precision since 2004.\"Kushwahs shows confidence while he performs his job impeccably. This is demo- practice of the republic day celebrations and its full dress rehearsal. We don't want to take any chance and Kushwahs does his job with perfection\", says Gaurav Rajput, commandant of 7th battalion, who supervises the republic day parade.The self-confidence shown by Kushwaha as he mounts the open jeep that carries him and the way he bows and takes salute looking at the public is remarkable, says Rajput.On the 26th January and August 15, the DGP accompanies the governor as well as the chief minister. The cops playing DGP's role varies almost every day. Most of the time, cops who play the roles are senior to Kushwaha, but in the full dress rehearsal, they play are his junior.However, Kushwah is too humble to even talk about his role. \"Sir, this is my job. My superiors have asked me to perform this. If they ask me to join parade I will do that. Yeh meri naukri ha bus,\" he told ToI.Sahbul Hasan Rizvi a head constable of 7th battalion of the SAF had played these roles for years before Kushwaha replaced him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584850", "title": "Innovative, standardized forensic psychology need of the day: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They read the minds of criminals and provide breakthroughs in unsolved cases. Forensic psychologists, who have become the backbone of the nation's crime detection and judicial system, observed first Forensic Psychology Day on Friday with a seminar at Gujarat Forensic Science University (GFSU), Gandhinagar which dealt with numerous issues related to the discipline.The day was constituted last year during 37th national annual conference of Indian Association of Clinical Psychologists (IACP) held in Ahmedabad by professionals and practitioners of the discipline to create awareness about it.Talking about the initiative, Dr S L Vaya, director of Institute of Behavioural Science (IBS) of GFSU and chairperson of the seminar, said that the celebration was a dream-come-true. \"I have been fortunate to be associated with the field from a nascent stage and witness it grow before my eyes. Forensic psychologists play a pivotal role in crime detection through examining a human being's mind. The day will create much-needed awareness about this discipline and boost discussion on future prospects,\" she said.Guest speakers elaborated on the need for innovation and standardization of processes that can be used universally like in other fields of science. SM Jaamdar, principal secretary with government of Karnataka, said in his speech that the need of the hour is to standardize tools, techniques and assessment parameters used by practitioners that would be relevant to Indian context.Loknath Behra, inspector general of police, National Investigating Agency (NIA), New Delhi, said that as cyber crime cases work on virtual data that can be retrieved and accepted in the court of law, a forensic scientist should work towards such model. He also elaborated on how important the field is for analysis of complex minds such as of terrorists'.New-age criminals know how to manipulate forensic investigationDr Amool Ranjan Singh, director of RINPAS, Jharkhand, discussed some of his case studies with the audience. \"New-age criminals know procedures followed by investigators and modify their behaviour accordingly. In a recent incident of rape, we had a science graduate as our patient for assessment. He showed disturbed behaviour during the questioning. When he was observed in a neutral environment, he appeared to be normal. We later got to know that he was tipped-off by a relative that he could get away with the crime,\" he said.He also threw light on another modus operandi. \"First investigation of an OPD patient is always important. In some recent cases, we observed that people walk in and complain about symptoms such as blacking out, hearing voices and insomnia and also take medication. After some months, they disappear and commit crimes. When they appeared before a court, they complain of having a medical history and show their psychological troubles,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585021", "title": "UK-based theatre buffs stage plays in church", "text": "MUMBAI: Here is another addition to the list of unusual venues for staging plays. A theatre troupe from Mumbai which was invited to present its production before a motley group of theatre lovers in London recently, staged their play at a church that was modified into an auditorium.The church, located on Dollis Hill Lane, was leased by the Maharashtra Mandal London ( MML) - a community of Marathi-speaking residents settled in the city - two decades back to provide a common meeting point for the members of the group. The group has been staging several cultural events and dramas at the auditorium, called 'Maharashtra Bhavan'. As the demand for Marathi plays grew over the years, the church was modified to accommodate drama shows. Recently, the alumni of a Birmingham-based medical college staged 'Tee Phularani' at the venue.Avinash Dhopatkar, president of the mandal, says their only intention was to keep their native art and culture alive on foreign shores. \"Most of our members have either settled here permanently or are on temporary posting and obviously long to keep in touch with our native culture. What better way to reconnect than staging Marathi plays,\" said Dhopatkar, an independent financial advisor who has been living in London for the past three decades.He added that earlier, it was a herculean task finding a suitable space for dramas and rehearsals as members had to either commute a long way to different venues or rent halls that were proving uneconomical.While group members overcame such hurdles for the love of theatre, for theatre groups it is a welcome challenge staging plays at the Maharashtra Bhavan. As the groups are used to staging plays in theatres equipped with adequate infrastructure, staging shows at the auditorium might be inconvenient, but most of them have agreed to accept the challenge. Priya Kulkarni, an avid theatre buff and a member of the mandal, said that the mandal has provided basic infrastructure like acoustics, drapery and seats at the venue, and, depending on the requirements of the troupe, they also modify the settings.Actor Prashant Damle, who staged his play 'Shri Tashi Sau' along with Vandana Gupte at the venue recently, said he was amazed as to how this group of drama lovers, settled in the United Kingdom , had shown what it means to be real Marathi drama buffs and what it takes to keep the theatre movement alive even on foreign shores. \"I have staged a play earlier at the venue and have always lauded the efforts of the mandal. Usually, our team interacts with the members over the settings required for a play. Once finalized, the entire set is prepared in London itself as it is uneconomical to ship it from Mumbai.\"The efforts of the mandal paid off recently after its fresh experiment with Damle's play in late 2011 was successful. \"We have formulated a new financially viable plan and plan to invite theatre troupes from Mumbai,\" says Dhopatkar, currently in Mumbai scouting for good Marathi dramas.Most of our members have either settled here permanently or are on temporary posting and obviously long to keep in touch with our native culture. What better way to reconnect than staging Marathi plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587520", "title": "Tao Porchon-Lynch: A dancing star at 94", "text": "On a visit to India, the land of her birth, French-Indian actress-dancer-yoga guru Tao Porchon-Lynch spent an evening ballroom dancing before a few hundred awe-stricken Mumbaikars. 'Be like a tree,' she told Saadia Dhailey, when asked for the formula for dancing at 94The full smile hugged by reed thin lips shrinks slightly as she slips her porcelain feet spotted with maroon nail paint out of a pair of blue shoes. She'd be more comfortable folding up her legs into a padmasana before she lifts off the marble floor, balancing her weight on her wrists, we suggest. Ninety-four-yearold Tao Porchon-Lynch doesn't like being seen without heels. \"I'm never without them,\" she says, before whispering, \"Three years ago, I set off on a trek to Machu Picchu , wearing three-and-a-half-inch heels.\"She walks us to our seat before disappearing into a chair by the window, her green eyes catching the sunlight. That's our signal to stop staring. We tell her she's beautiful, and wonder what is the best compliment she could have received. She brings her hands that carry translucent tributaries of veins, over her face to stifle a giggle. \"That I am still having fun and dancing with two young men.\"The former actress-turned-dancerand-yoga-guru is talking of 25-year-old Vard Margaryan, and 23-year-old Hayk Balasanyan, two of her youngest dance partners. \"They are champions from Armenia . The boys don't mind dancing with me. They twirl me around their necks, lift me up. At a recent West Side Swing back in America, they lifted me, and I soared so high, I crashed into the ceiling. There was a bit of damage. They've promised to leave it as is in memory of what I'm capable of.\" That's a trait Porchon-Lynch's aaya noticed early. For the longest time, baby Tao didn't have a name. Her aaya would call her, 'Tao Tao'. It fitted the bundle of energy. Eight decades later at 87, her energy reserves were far from shrinking when she decided to take to ballroom dancing. \"It was the end of October 2002,\" she remembers, the wrinkles around her eyes deepening. She has won 410 \"first prizes\" since, and doesn't plan to stop. \"I am off for a competition to Las Vegas this April, and then to Puerto Rico in July,\" says Porchon-Lynch on the eve of a recent performance in Mumbai with choreographer Sandip Soparrkar, where she was felicitated by actress Sushmita Sen.Bollywood-style dancing may not be a favourite with Porchon-Lynch, but friendships from the industry remain. Dev Anand was an acquaintance introduced to her by close friend and actress Kamini Kaushal. Born to a French father settled in Puducherry and a Manipuri mother, a young Porchon-Lynch grew up with her aunt and uncle after her father left the country, a broken man following her mother's death. \"My uncle worked on creating railroad systems across Asia. I got to travel with him,\" she says, while remembering meeting Mahatma Gandhi during the freedom struggle. It was when the second World War looked like a reality that she moved to France; but not without taking along two of her favourite finds from India - saris and yoga.Porchon-Lynch's tryst with yoga began early when she spotted a group of boys doing asanas by the seashore in India. \"I wanted to do it too. My aunt refused. It wasn't lady-like.\" Enroling at the Aurobindo Ashram followed by a stint with famed yoga guru BKS Iyengar paved the way for starting a $15 fourclasses-a-week regimen before founding the Westchester Institute of Yoga in New York in 1982.Back in Paris , she walked the ramp for designers like Marcel Rochas and Jean Patou, eventually making her way to Hollywood where she landed a contract with film production giant Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM). \"I loved saris, and wore them even after leaving India. In Hollywood, I was known as the lady in a sari who spoke French, while the studios tried their best to teach me English. It was all so confusing for them!\"America was another world, Porchon-Lynch admits, recalling how an awkward Jack Cummings, producer with MGM, called a friend one day to \"convince me to stop telling people I had had a rendezvous with Jack\". In the US, a rendezvous signalled an affair. \"In France, it meant a simple meeting over coffee.\"In Hollywood, yoga revisited her. French film actress and dancer Leslie Caron , best known for the musical, An American in Paris, got sick, and then better with Porchon-Lynch yoga sessions. That was enough for MGM to request the actress to throw in an occasional class for its superstars \"My husband wondered why I was doing it for free. It wasn't about the money. I'd get people to roll their feet on soft drink bottles, to refuel their energy reserves. Chinese philosophy believes our energy lies in our feet. And then I realised that someone I had taught, got in touch with people in the massage business and introduced a fancy rolling device with a massage cream for a whole 10 dollars!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11585614", "title": "Pak govt preventing me from testifying in memo trial: Ijaz", "text": "WASHINGTON: Controversial Pakistani-American Mansoor Ijaz, who has been summoned to appear before a supreme court-appointed panel probing the memo scandal, on Saturday accused the Pakistan government of preventing him from testifying in Islamabad next week.Ijaz, the central character in the memogate scandal the has sparked a political crisis in Pakistan, accused the government, through interior minister Rehman Mailk of preventing him from testifying before the judicial commission in Islamabad . Accusing Malik of indulging in \"character assassination\" , Ijaz said Malik has asked the Parliamentary Committee on National Security to \"rubber-stamp his demand\" that his name be placed on Pakistan's Exit Control List. Pakistan government and its former envoy to US Hussain Haqqani have denied Ijaz's claims.Pak wants $1000 for every Nato truckA firm run by the Pakistani military will collect a fee of $1,000 for every container truck passing through the country under new conditions for the reopening of Nato supply routes, according to a media report on Saturday. The government is contemplating the imposition of the fee to be collected by the army-run National Logistics Cell (NLC) as a condition for reopening the supply routes that were closed in retaliation for a cross-border Nato air strike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November. There is no proposal from the Federal Board of Revenue to impose a transit fee on ISAF and Nato containers but the government is considering the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11583074", "title": "Election won't bring political solution for Nagas: NSCN (Khole-Kitovi)", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (Khole-Kitovi), in its cabinet meeting, announced that it will not interfere in the forthcoming assembly elections in Manipur.A release issued by the outfit said the faction will not be lured into supporting any political party within the Constitution because \"our commitment is to the Naga people and our right is outside the parameters of Constitution.\" Participating in elections will not bring a political solution for the Nagas, it said.\"Naga people have been struggling for their right to self determination and it will be a betrayal if the NSCN fights for a political party,\" it added.The group further said its officials, civil and military are not authorized to support or represent the outfit for or against any political party/candidate in the forthcoming Manipur elections. It cautioned regional authorities and the Naga army in southern Nagaland against tarnishing the good image of the government.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jari (allahabad)", "code": "11584056", "title": "Rahul attacks Mulayam, Maya; entertains crowd", "text": "JARI (ALLAHABAD): Not letting his guard down in the electoral bout against Mayawati and her party symbol, Haathi (elephant), Rahul Gandhi dubbed the pachyderm as 'Jaadu ka haathi jo sab kuch kha jaata hai' and went on to attack Mulayam's much touted campaign of 'Ummeed ki cycle'? which sent the crowd at Krishak Intermediate College, Garaiyya, Jari on Saturday into peels of laughter.Question the manifesto of Samajwadi Party and terming it as a box of empty promises, he came down heavily against SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav for his false promises, Rahul said: \"Agar aap Mulayam Singhji se kahenge ki aakash ko neele se hara kar do to woh uska bhi waada kar denge (if you ask SP chief to turn the sky green from blue he would also promise to do so).\" Not running short of taking a jibe at 'India Shining' slogan of his party's main adversary BJP, Rahul continued with his new found style of oratory by interacting directly with the gathering by asking a villager his name and his view on whether India was actually shining.On receiving the reply in the negative, he went on to highlight the public welfare schemes undertaken by the UPA regime since 2004 which include waiving of loans, MANAREGA and NRHM, even as his critics including BJP and Mayawati, kept on harping as to from where the Central government would borne this voluminous expenditure.Perhaps aware of the fact that how deeply caste-based politics has made inroads into the minds of voters, Gandhi sounding a note of disenchantment over the sorry state of affairs in Uttar Pradesh under successive government of SP and BSP, said: \"Ek din haathi aata hai, agle din cycle aati hai aur yeh silsila 22 saal se chal raha hai, par UP ko vikas nahi mila (UP has not progressed and developed even as successive governments headed by SP and BSP continue to rule the state over the last 22 years).\"Annoyed over opposition parties, including BJP, SP and BSP branding his bonding with the poor and deprived as 'natak', Rahul thundered: \"Now I am going to tell you about the biggest natak (drama) which is Right to Food Security, which when implemented, would ensure that no poor, labourer or farmer's son remains without two square meals. The Bill would envisage compulsory food for poor sections of the society in the form of 35 kg free foodgrains every month.\"Earlier, welcoming the Gandhi scion, Union minister Beni Prasad Verma said that with the entry of Rahul Gandhi into the electoral battle, the fight in UP has been confined to SP, BSP and Congress while the BJP has already thrown the towel. Exhorting the gathering to change the face of UP, he said: \"If UP changes, Rahulji would become the prime minister.\" Reminiscing the golden era of the Congress during the pre-Independence era, AICC general secretary and close aide of the Gandhi family, Janaradan Dwivedi. recalled the importance of Allahabad which acted as the nerve centre of national movement.This was the period when the president of the Indian National Congress (INC) was addressed as 'Rashtrapati' in newspapers and magazines of that time. Union minister Pradeep Jain, UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, CLP leader Pramod Tiwari, former Union minister Salim Shervani and party candidates from Bara, Karchana and Meja Assembly constituencies were also present.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11585711", "title": "The Kite Runners", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a rare visual for Mangaloreans in the skies over Arabian Sea on Panambur beach on Saturday. Instead of birds, teddy bears, octopuses, manta ray fishes, batman, frogs, tigers and baby tigers were flying on the skies.The Team Mangalore's annual MRPL-ONGC International Kite Festival literally made the birds disappear from the skies to make way for huge inflatable animals, circles and triangles (delta kites).The two-day event witnessed participation from seven countries other than India.Teams from France, Indonesia, Netherlands, Kuwait , UK , Lebanon and South Korea brought smile on the faces of hundreds of visitors.Participants from Lebanon, Rami Al Khal and Sami Sayegh grabbed the attention of the crowd by flying two duck kites, one black and another white.Rami, who has made kite flying a hobby for the past 45 years, told Sunday Times of India that Panambur beach was suitable for kite flying. \"The flow of wind here is perfect. We can fly kites very easily,\" he said, adding that he always preferred kites of light weight to make the flying smooth.Rami, who is visiting India for the sixth time, thanked Team Mangalore. He said, \"It is not just a compliment. I really appreciate the organizers because they have done a great job.\"March Herzog, member of Manja Club of France, has brought three kites including a special one titled Revolution to the fest.\"I belong to Manja Club. But did not bring manja kites (fighter kites) here as it is not allowed. We organize manja kite festival in September every year in France. Flyers from across the world participate in the fest,\" he said. Herzog is visiting Mangalore for the third time. \"I like people here. What is more important is the steady wind which is favourable for kite flying,\" March said.Prithviraj Umesh, assistant professor in Applied Mechanics and Hydraulics department of NITK Surathkal, participated in the event with his innovative kite fixed with a camera. He calls it 'Mugila Kannu' (eye of the sky).Prithviraj said that the 12 mp Canon 450 series camera can capture picture from 1.5 kms distance. \"The pan and tilt camera fitted to the kite can be controlled from the ground using hand held remote control device,\" he added. Though the kites started hitting the skies from 2.30 pm onwards, the crowd started making to the beach only after 5 pm.Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project CEO Yatish Baikampady said, \"The response was amazing as always. On a normal Saturday, the crowd on the beach is about 10,000. Today we had about 40,000 visitors,'' he said. He expected the Sunday crowd to cross one lakh.Additional parking slots have been created on the beach to handle the addition rush. \"We are expecting around 2,000 vehicles on Sunday. Most people will depend on public transport system as they know about the rush to the festival,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585046", "title": "The Tiger Mom\u2019s Burning Tale", "text": "JAIPUR: It's usually parents who wield the cane (at least in parts of Asia), but ever since the launch of her homerattling memoir Battle Hymn of The Tiger Mom, Amy Chua had been at the receiving end of it.Her brutally honest account of the militarist model of parenting she followed, that she calls Chinese parenting, has jumpstarted not only a global debate on effective parenting methods, but also triggered a parallel publishing cascade in follow-up acts-be it Wolf Dad, My Tiger Mom and Me, or Bringing up Bebe. And so it was to watch 'mother superior' in the flesh that parents and children crowded the Times of India sponsored session 'Tiger Mothers', where Chua, also a law professor at Yale Law School, was to argue her defence before the bench, presided by veteran journalist Madhu Trehan, with the audience for jury.If they expected a snarling, Maoist mother they would have been disappointed. Chua cut a petit figure in a hip two-toned leather jacket and vertiginous heels. She was charming and easygoing, quick to defend and contextualise the controversial incidents in the book.\"The book was supposed to be funny and satirical, and moreover a memoir, not a How-To guide to parenting. Yet the whole thing was turned around, and I could no longer recognize myself in the media,\" Chua said, pointing out that most people judged the book (and her) only by reading extracts in the press, or skimming through the first half of it-the contentious part where Chua describes incidents from her daughters' childhood that picture her to be a Chinese-American prison warden who puts her young daughters through six-hour music drills and makes them practice violin and piano even on vacation to Rome and India.\"When I think back to it, I realize I may have gone nuts,\" she said about her hard drive. \"I did get obsessive with the music by the time they were 12 and 13, but I eventually pulled back and allowed my younger daughter to pursue tennis,\" she said, hinting that it's the end of the book that finally brings out the true picture, where Chua is confronted with a personal crisis that calls her to re-question what she was doing in her life.When Trehan pinned Chua down to the infamous chapter where she refers to her older daughter Sophia as 'garbage', Chua conceded, \"The 'garbage' incident got me into a lot of trouble\", but then proceeded to absolve herself: \"When I was extremely disrespectful to my mother as a teenager, my father was furious and reprimanded me with a Chinese term that meant 'not worth anything', which I loosely translated into English as 'garbage'. The censure worked for me, and I was repentant, which is why I tried the same tack with my daughter when she was disrespectful to me.\"If there were still doubts about her parenting, they were settled when Chua brought out her star witness-Sophia. \"I love the relationship I have with my mother right now; she's one of my best friends , and one of the people I respect most,\" she said. \"And when I grow up, I'll probably be a Tiger Mom too.\"The fact that Chinese techniques of parenting were not alien to Indians was pointedly made when Trehan asked the audience how many of them were slapped around as children. Nearly every Indian raised a hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11588721", "title": "Visa on arrival at three airports in state in a year", "text": "KOCHI: All the three airports in Kerala are likely to have visa on arrival facility for tourists from certain countries within a year's time.The Kerala minister for tourism A P Anilkumar told TOI here that as per the information received by him a decision to this effect was taken at the inter-ministerial meeting convened by the Prime Minister's Office in New Delhi few days ago.He said the meeting which was attended by officials from the various departments of the Central government like Tourism, Cultural Affairs and the home ministry had approved Kerala's long-pending request to extend the visa on arrival facilities at the airports at Kozhikkode, Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram, along with some other airports in South India.\"Kerala has been intensely lobbying for such a facility at its airports for years together. The latest decision will be a great boon to Kerala's tourism development plans. Ordeals of getting visas often act as major disincentive for growth of tourism. The latest decision is also recognition of Kerala as a major tourism destination. The Centre has already introduced this facility in the airports Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkotha, and Chennai. The positive feedbacks from those four airports would have prompted them to extend to the facility to more airports, \" Anil Kumar said.According to Union home ministry officials the time-frame for launch of visa on arrival facilities would depend on the State government providing staff from state police man the immigration counters. The modalities for their deployment and issue of visas have been already worked out, an official from the office of Mullappally Ramachandran, the Union minister of state for home affairs said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584290", "title": "Nature\u2019s beauty at its best", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two-day annual rose and gladiolus show-2012 began on the central lawn of CSIR-NBRI here on Saturday. Visitors appreciated the clusters of cut flower pots for their intrinsic beauty. Despite the severe cold wave, a total of 53 exhibitors are participating in the show with 743 entries.The NBRI has displayed 95 rose varieties and 60 gladiolus varieties. Many commercial varieties of gladiolus have also been displayed in the show with catchy titles like `soft and silky', `rituraj basant', `shat shat naman', `hum do hamare sab' etc.To promote the conservation and use of medicinal plants for primary healthcare, the NBRI has also displayed some important medicinal plants.The show will remain open on Sunday from 10 am to 5 pm. Anoop Mishra, chief secretary of UP, will be the chief guest, while G B Patnaik, principal secretary to the governor, will be the guest of honour at the show and will give away the prizes to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584950", "title": "Trivedi 'married' city girl to get her a US visa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Amdavadi youth whose arrest led to unveiling of country's biggest human trafficking racket has a nefarious past. Investigators in the case have found that 28-year-old Sawan Trivedi has, on paper, married a girl in Ahmedabad to get her a visa for the US.Delhi police officials who have arrested Trivedi and three others for running a 'kabootarbazi' racket are now planning to file a complaint in Mumbai against the Amdavadi.\"Trivedi had a 10-year US visa which allowed him to frequently travel out of India. He was taking flyers to Guatemala for unscrupulous visa agents in Ahmedabad and getting Rs 3 lakh for each trip. In 2010, he submitted fake documents and photographs of his marriage with an Amdavadi girl at the US consulate in Mumbai to get the girl a dependent visa,\" said DCP IGI airport, R A Sanjeev. Police officials said that Trivedi traveled with the girl to the US and then returned to India.\"We will be soon planning a complaint against Trivedi for the fake marriage as we believe there is a network of visa agents which use this modus operandi to get US visa. Trivedi's arrest can help us bust that network as well,\" said Sanjeev.The accused, Trivedi, Guramrit Pal, Shashi Kiran Reddy, Sujeet Kumar, were arrested after the seizure of a baggage containing 105 passports. Trivedi, who was kidnapped for ransom in 2006 in London , had allegedly sneaked in the baggage from Guatemala to Delhi via Istanbul . Majority of the seized passports were issued from Ahmedabad.The Delhi police then visited the houses of 84 passport holders in Ahmedabad to find out if they have been able to re-establish contact with their family. However, officials could find success with around 30 families who shared information about their family members who flew out illegally. The rest were unaware about their kins or were unwilling to share information.\"We are going to inform external affairs and home ministry about the gang as we believe they have sent more than 1,000 to the US illegally through Guatemala. We are already coordinating with US federal agencies and trying to find out more about Trivedi and others agents who charged Rs 25 lakh to Rs 30 lakh for the job,\" said a Delhi cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588349", "title": "Judi Dench, Tom Wilkinson are like regular people: Tena Desae", "text": "Model-actress Tena Desae, who is making her Hollywood debut in 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel', says her co-stars Judi Dench, Tom Wilkinson and Dev Patel did not let her feel intimidated on the movie set.Tena, who is just two films old in Bollywood, was surprised to find that her famous co-stars were very normal in real-life.\"They are not intimidating at all... They are just like regular people you meet everyday. They all made me feel so comfortable on the sets that I didn't feel awkward and enjoyed the whole process of filming the movie. I felt so relaxed around them and we used to have these long conversations.. it was a learning experience for me,\" Tena told PTI.The actress started her career in Bollywood with 'Yeh Faasley' and then went on to do 'Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bande'. Both the films didn't do well at the box-office.'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel' is directed by John Madden and follows the story of a group of British people who come to holiday in India and find the new environment less luxurious than imagined but are forever transformed by their experiences.Tena insists that she has worked hard to get this project and went through long and tiring shooting schedules.\"I gave three auditions to get this part... I was really nervous at first and was scared but after I gave my first audition I felt a little relaxed. Then they called me for the second round and I was really curious of what will happen. I lost patience after my third audition. But finally I got the part. (MORE)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585900", "title": "Kochi still high on cigarettes", "text": "KOCHI: Even though Ernakulam was declared the first smoke-free district and tourist destination in the state, it seems Kochiites are yet to get rid of their habit of smoking in public. Except a few raids conducted near small shops in the initial days, the district administration has failed to make it a reality.As per the declaration of the district administration in October, the authorities were planning to make the district free from public smoking and tobacco products. However, social activists and environmentalists are of the opinion that initiatives and announcements like these remain only on paper.Environmentalist professor S Seetharaman says, \"Even though authorities have taken steps to control the sale of tobacco products, it is readily available in most of the shops. It is sold abundantly in tourist destinations and shops near educational institutions and the authorities are not doing anything to check this,\" he said.C R Neelakandan says, \"Shopkeepers are banned from lending lighters and matches to the public, but they are consciously forgetting the law. Before announcing the district as a smoke free destination, the administration should have taken necessary action to check the sale of tobacco products,\" he said.Meanwhile, authorities claim there is huge decline in the number of smokers in public. Saju V Itty, district coordinator of anti-tobacco campaign said the squads have caught many people and even fined them.\"Currently we are having a shortage of staff in the enforcement squad as many of the officers are out on Sabarimala duty. This has affected the raids for the last two months. We expect that the squads will be back in action in a week or so,\" he said.As per the declaration of the district administration, the authorities were planning to make the district free from public smoking and tobacco products. However, the initiatives and announcements remain only on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11585510", "title": "Chaudhary Devi Lal University: Old's not gold for varsity", "text": "SIRSA: First convocation of Chaudhary Devi Lal University proved anti-climactic for 145 gold medalist students from academic sessions of years 2003 to 2010, as they were not even invited to the event on Friday. Haryana governor and university chancellor Jagannath Pahadia presided over the function while chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda chaired it.\"As the chief guests provided us with very little time, it was not possible to call erstwhile gold medalist students for the honours. But we assure them that university would provide gold medals to all of them,\" K C Bhardwaj, vice-chancellor of CDLU, said.There were 17 gold medalists and 675 other students of the 2010-11 session, who could get their degrees at the event.A gold medalist of 2008 batch said, \"This is unfair to earlier students. We had also achieved the top position to brighten the name of CDLU.\"Another gold medalist said, \"I am feeling deprived. This is discrimination. My only fault seems to be that I studied during 2010 batch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11583203", "title": "BGB man handed over to Bangladesh officials", "text": "AGARTALA: Bangladesh Border Guards head constable Lutfur Rahaman was handed over to his officials by the BSF on Saturday morning.He was released following talks between BGB DG Maj-Gen Anawr Hussain and BSF DG U K Banshal, a source said. He added that Rahaman was released from BSF custody and handed over to BGB at 3 am. He was immediately taken to Pilkhana BGB Head Quarters Hospital.Rahaman was captured by Indian villagers at Tarapukur on Friday when the BGB personnel shot dead a villager Shah Alam. The release of BGB man is believed to be a good will gesture by Indian authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11592704", "title": "Siblings killed in road accident", "text": "PATNA: Two children, brother and sister by relation, were today crushed to death when a loaded truck overturned and fell on them in Bihar's Patna district, the police said.The accident occurred when driver of the brick laden truck lost control of the vehicle near bypass under Ramkrishna police station area.The children died on the spot, the sources said adding the driver fled after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585344", "title": "The ABL of getting it right", "text": "P Selvaraghavan, a Class VII student in a Chennai Corporation school, is busy writing an essay on the 'Relevance of Republic Day Today'. He walks over to his English teacher and asks her the spelling of 'magnificent'. His teacher makes a few corrections in the paper and tells him to go ahead and finish the exercise.\"If it weren't for training under the activity-based learning (ABL) methodology, these children would not be able to write a 200-word essay, nor have the courage to walk up and ask the spelling of a word they find difficult,\" says the teacher. Across Tamil Nadu, the new method has brought back the joy of learning by helping students move away from the practice of studying by rote and learn by doing.When introduced in 2003 under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), many inside the system saw ABL as a cosmetic change that would soon fade out. Eight years later, most admit that it has triggered a silent revolution in the state school education system and is here to stay.Former SSA special project director M P Vijayakumar spearheaded its implementation in state schools. Initially, there was resistance from teachers, who found it difficult to make the transition from the old lecture method to a system that would involve multigrade classrooms with students from different age groups, do away with exams and leave children free to reach academic milestones on their own. \"Be it their mother tongue, or how to operate new technology or a cinema song, children are constantly learning outside the classroom. If they fail to learn at the same pace in a classroom then we have to admit that there is something wrong with the system. As managers of the system it is our duty to provide an alternative,\" says Vijayakumar.The effort is finally showing results. The Aser report by NGO Pratham says that Tamil Nadu is the only state in the country to show improvement in both reading and arithmetic levels. In Tamil Nadu the improvement in reading may be an outcome of an \"overall change in pedagogy that allows children to learn at their own pace rather than being encouraged to achieve reading skills as a priority\", it says.A visiting team from the World Bank and European Commission found the model working well two years ago. Economist Deepa Shankar, a team member, said ABL ensures that 95% children in the classroom are engaged. Also, it converts the problem of large or multigrade classrooms with few teachers into a solution, as the method incorporates peer learning.N Manimegalai, headmistress of Rani Meiyammai Primary School in Gandhinagar, Adyar, who has been teaching for 36 years says that earlier classes used to be exam-oriented and the goal of teachers was to complete portions. \"There was no time to see if children understood what was being taught. In a class of 45, if 20 to 25 children understood the concept we moved on to the next lesson. Those 25 children would be confident about finishing class. But, after adopting ABL all our 700 students are confident of reaching milestones in their own time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589294", "title": "Haven't slept a wink in the last 32 hrs: Shreya Ghoshal", "text": "Being under the limelight and being a part of the entertainment industry can sure give people sleepless nights, well literally so as many from the industry have admitted to not having slept for days by virtue of extreme work pressure.Take the case of singer-actor Ali Zafar who admitted on a microblogging site recently that he hasn't had a day off in a long time. He wrote, \"Time to hit bed. Shooting for #Lpny music video tomorrow. Haven't had an off day since....... 2011. But it's just that I love my work so much that I don't mind working a Sunday.As long as there's good vibe around and #Lpny vibe is 2 cool!\" All worked up because of her professional commitments as well as family obligations, singer Shreya Ghoshal also tweeted recently, \"Haven't slept a wink in the last 32 hrs.. N counting!!\" Soon she uploaded a picture showing the roof she was staring at as she tweeted again, \"Finally in bed but no sleep still!\" Well, allow yourselves some rest please!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587419", "title": "ATS joins the hunt to find missing Laila Khan", "text": "The search for missing starlet Laila Khan and her family has prompted the Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) to launch a parallel inquiry into the case. The ATS is now looking for a mystery man, who allegedly lived in their house.The police say the Kashmiri citizen named Ateeq Khan accompanied Laila everywhere, and seems to have gone to great lengths to conceal his identity.The ATS has seized at least 100 photographs from Laila's Oshiwara flat, but Ateeq isn't in any of them. They have found no records of his entry into Mumbai, or his life here.They only heard of Ateeq after many people who were interrogated in connection with the case spoke of a man who was always around Laila. Many of them, including her neighbours, said he was the family's watchman.Police officials suspect that Ateeq might have been in touch with some anti-social elements in Mumbai and Kashmir, and might have introduced Laila to them as well. This, they say, could have had something to do with her disappearance.Another important find the police made recently is that Laila Khan owned a satellite phone, which is normally only used by the armed forces and, very rarely, the police.Investigations have revealed that the family went to Jammu with Ateeq to attend a wedding, and then vanished. \"When Laila and her family left for Jammu, they took all their belongings with them,\" said an officer attached to the Oshiwara Police, which is also investigating the starlet's disappearance. \"This indicates that they had planned their disappearance,\" the officer said.Laila, who first debuted in Bollywood opposite Rajesh Khanna, in Wafaa, in 2008, has been missing for around 10 months. Apart from the Oshiwara police and the ATS team, the Jammu police are on the lookout for her as well. Their car was found abandoned in Jammu early last year. The Jammu police are also now on the look out for Ateeq, who they believe is using a fake identity.A few days after they left, their house mysteriously caught fire. Police suspect that this was done to destroy some evidence, especially since only parts of the inside were burnt down.The Jammu police have said that with the help of military intelligence, they will try and track down Laila's satellite phone, which they believe is still in her possession.\"Only the military has the authority to track down such phones,\" said an officer from Jammu, on the condition of anonymity. \"We can track down her exact location through it. However, we suspect that the entire family fled the country a long time ago.\"Senior inspector Dilip Rupwate of Oshiwara Police Station said, \"We are coordinating with the Jammu police and the investigations are on. But we have also been in touch with the Igatpuri police, and may soon hand over the case to them, as that's where they were last seen.\"The mysterious case of laila Khan2008 Debuted opposite Rajesh Khanna in WafaaAugust, 2011 Laila's father files a missing complaintOctober 2011 J&K; Police trace Laila's missing car to her apartment, and approach Oshiwara Police. They visit Laila's apartment and find she hasn't been home in monthsNovember 2011 Rakhi Sawant's director brother lodges missing complaint, Oshiwara police continue investigations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585184", "title": "Bishnois threaten road blocks against poaching", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In no mood to give up against alleged poaching of black bucks in Adampur area of Hisar district, Bishnoi community on Saturday threatened to block roads if government failed to take steps to stop the killings. Forest department has deployed three additional wildlife guards in Adampur where black bucks were said to have been killed.The protesters said six black bucks were killed in the Adampur belt between January 10 and 17. It was after six years that black bucks were killed in this area.The decision to block roads was taken during the meeting of Bishnoi community and its wildlife protection cell, headed by Rameshwar Dass. Many other Bishnoi leaders from across the state also took part in it.The Bishnois have been saying that the black bucks were killed by pet dogs belonging to members of a particular tribe. District wildlife officer Shakti Singh, on the other hand, asserted the black bucks died after being attacked and chased by stray dogs, whose numbers had increased in the area over past six years.\"Normally poachers have trained dogs, who attack black bucks that get separated from the group after hearing gunshots. Later, poachers take away the prey,\" Jagdish, one of the people who attended the meeting, said.Interacting with media in Chandigarh on Thursday, Haryana Janhit Congress supremo Kuldeep Bishnoi termed the incident as unfortunate and resulting from laxity of wildlife officials.Wildlife inspector Krishan Kumar had blamed stray dogs and barbed wires around the fields as the reason for black bucks' deaths. \"Most of the villagers have shifted their residences in farmhouses. So dogs have also moved along with them. Since farms are guarded by barbed wires, black bucks suffer injuries when they hit the fence. Or since they have weak legs, they are not able to run fast after a fall, so they fell prey to dogs,'' Krishan Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585839", "title": "Corp at loggerheads with ASI", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation is at loggerheads with Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) over issuing licence to students to function as local guides at the Dutch (Mattanchery) Palace museum. The civic body alleges that ASI restricts the students trained at Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies from functioning as guides to foreign tourists.\"The corporation decided to train students to ensure local participation in tourism development projects and selected students who have plus two education. Though there were 20 students in the first batch only 14 cleared the test conducted by the academy ,\" said K J Sohan, chairman, town planning committee.The licence was given to students who successfully completed the course. But ASI has raised objection stating that these students were not graduates and hence they were not qualified to function as guides.According to the corporation this stipulation is not applicable to local guides, whereas those functioning as regional and national guides should be graduates. The local body maintains that as they are planning to provide training to the second batch of students, they want the issued to be sorted out.The training is being provided for 20 students under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP). Sohan said that the civic body has written to the superintending officer stationed at Thirssur, highlighting their cause. The corporation also sought the intervention of Union Minister for State for Consumer Affairs, KV Thomas to ensure that the students are denied job opportunities.When TOI contacted ASI, M Nambirajan, superintending archaeologist, Thrissur Circle, he said that the St Francis CSI Church and the Dutch Palace museum fall under the jurisdiction ASI, they could let only guides approved by the government of India.\"There is certain understanding between ASI and the department of tourism. As the palace is administered by the Chennai circle, we will not be able to overcome the regulations put in place. But, it is possible for me to ensure the services of these students trained by the Corporation at St Francis Church,\" said Nambirajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585862", "title": "First phase of ATS in February", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration is set to make Kochi the first city in the country to implement the automated transport system ( ATS). District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the first phase of implementation will begin in the first week of February.Tourists and foreigners coming to the city will be able to access route maps and calculate distance with the help of this system.There are plans to introduce a subscription fees for vehicle owners to avail the service on an annual or permanent basis. The details of the project will be finalized after discussion with the officials of Centre for Development of Imaging Technology (C-DIT), which will be held on Friday.A total of Rs 20 lakh has been earmarked for the project. \"The system will be initially installed at 10 locations in Kochi and if successful it will be extended to other parts as well,\" said Pareeth. Each unit to be fitted in a vehicle will cost between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000. Several firms have come up forward for implementing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585526", "title": "Lawyer moves CBI against SAD govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More trouble is brewing for the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal as the assembly elections draw closer. A Chandigarh-based lawyer approached CBI on Friday, appealing for the lodging of an FIR against the \"illegal exercise of power\" by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, and Bikram Singh Majithia.Lawyer Himmat Singh Shergill had earlier filed a case in the Punjab and Haryana high court. However, the HC on December 15 had asked him to approach an investigation agency and thereafter, approach the court if the problem remains unsolved.\"Badal and his son exercised their executive power in an illegal and manipulative manner to provide monetary benefits to the companies owned by their family. I had started with their transport company but later found anomalies in various businesses,\" Shergill told TOI.\"Most irregularities happened after they come into power in March 2007. This is a well-planned and institutionalized corruption, and I have demanded a thorough probe from CBI,\" he said.Shergill said he submitted the annual returns, director's reports and balance sheets of various companies that \"established ownership of Parkash Singh Badal and his family\". \"They are running family businesses out of the state's exchequer\", he pointed out in his complaint.Few days ago, former state industries director V K Janjua had moved a petition before a local court alleging that Sukhbir Badal had implicated him in a false corruption case as he \"refused to pay him a Rs 1 crore bribe\". This case is pending in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585187", "title": "Love does not require any questions: Gulzar", "text": "JAIPUR: Love cannot be fulfilled without respect and it requires answers and not questions, opined legendary lyricist Gulzar while unveiling the book Love Story of his friend and philosopher Pawan K Verma.In a jam-packed session titled 'Love Stories', there was a mix of mature as well as young listeners who anticipated that authors Namita Gokhale, Prasoon Joshi, Gulzar and Verma would share their love experiences.Gokhale after introducing the panel said two books were to be unveiled including one by Verma titled Where Loss is a Gain and another by her titled The Habit of Love. Gokhale added that no one expected that \"serious and highminded Pawan Verma ji\" could write a serious love story. \"It is a beautiful love story,\" Gokhale said.Gulzar too liked Verma's book but appreciated Gokhale recommendation for it, as he recited an Urdu couplet 'Aadatan Tumney Kar Diye Wadey, Aadatan Humney Aitbar Kiya' (As a habit you have made some promises, and as a habit I believed). Speaking about Verma, Gulzar said, \"Lagta hai yeh love mein aanand doondh rahey hain (It seems that he is looking for pleasure in love).\"Before Verma could start reading from the book, Prasoon Joshi said, \"Many things are woven on love and food since these are desires. I compare love with food as they are basic human desires. I have not written a song on 'Samosa' and 'Gulab Jamun'. We can live without love but we can't live without food. Thus I have to understand from the panel why love is more important.\"Verma read out a portion of the book that made listeners craving for more as many got titillations in his narration on how the mind of a girl in sleep and the mind of her conscious co-passenger worked when her head occasionally touched his shoulder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585613", "title": "150 city parks to get a facelift", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will spend about Rs 1.7 crore to give a facelift to its 150 parks by installing new lighting systems, plantation and beautification works. A Major share of the fund will be utilised for lighting the gardens and a proposal in this regard has been approved by the Mayor-in-Council (MIC).Accordingly, the corporation will spend Rs 1 crore to install lighting systems in about 100 gardens, while Rs 15.20 lakh will be spent on plantation works in 103 gardens and Rs 13.50 lakh will be spent on installing swings in 150 gardens. The civic body will install cement benches in 150 parks at a cost of Rs 18.24 lakh and Rs 19.80 lakh has been earmarked for installing slides. The beautification works are expected to be over in the next few months.Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said the beautification of the parks is important and lighting is significant as people use gardens for walking and recreational activities in the evening.As of now, the IMC has around 600 gardens out of which only 370 gardens have nearly 9,000 trees. Around 230 existing gardens are not developed - most of these gardens have either turned into dumping grounds or grazing ground for cattle. However, IMC has selected only 150 gardens for beautification and development. Civic officials said the remaining gardens would be taken up in the next phase.\"IMC do not have enough funds, so work can be done only in a phased manner,\" said an IMC official.It is to be noted that sometime back, the IMC had announced to develop 345 more gardens in the city. Moghe had said that the civic body would develop five gardens in each ward. With the addition of five new gardens to all the 69 wards of the IMC, the total number of gardens in the city would go up to 945.The civic body official claimed that the mayor recently directed to complete the works of developing new gardens and it would be completed before the end of the financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585345", "title": "Kite clubs run out of wind with GenX, fly into sunset", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's kite clubs are fast running out of wind-a fact that has been evident during the festive period between Makar Sankranti and Republic Day.Lack of open spaces and declining interest in physical activities among the city's net-savvy youngsters have not only taken a toll on their health, but also on that of Mumbai famed kite-flying clubs. Of the 150 such clubs in the city, 130-135 have already shut down and the remaining few are on \"life support\".Professional kite flyovers have urged the government to promote the game and breathe a new lease of life into the clubs. The state government, however, is yet to endorse the idea of organizing a kite festival in Mumbai.\"Our kite flying tradition is virtually on the verge of extinction. With high-rises coming up at every nook and cranny of the city, we have to spend hours waiting for wind to blow to fly our kites,\" said Mohammed Sharif (43), son of Rahis Bhai who won national and international kite-flying competitions for the country. \"Now, we go to Vikhroli and Kanjurmarg to fly kites. The game is losing its popularity among youngsters and kite-flying enthusiasts are hard to find.\"The Nagpada resident is struggling to maintain the legacy he inherited from his father and has managed to keep alive 15 to 20 branches of the Rahis King Kites Club which holds events on select Sundays during the winter season. \"Though it's a cheaper and seasonal game, poor interest has resulted in the dwindling number of kites in our skies. Delhi, Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Jaipur have maintained the tradition and witness a large number of kites every season,\" he said.Naeem Shamsi, secretary of Mumbai Kites and Accessories Manufacturers' and Traders' Association said, \"Kite flying activity during the winter season has shrunk to 20% of what it used to be two decades ago. Also, only 30% enthusiasts fly kites on Makar Sankranti and Republic Day, the two days which used to witness the largest number of kites.Kamlesh Mehta, a kite-flying enthusiast from Kalbadevi, said, \"Till a few years ago, kites were all you saw when you looked up at the skies over south Mumbai on Makar Sankranti, but not any more. People don't even bother going to a nearby open ground or up to the terrace to look at kites dancing in the sky.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583236", "title": "'SP manifesto makes false promises'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: CPI (ML) New Democracy slammed Samajwadi Party and Congress for making empty promises to fool the poor people and not targeting Mayawati's anti-people rule on Saturday.CPI (ML) New Democracy secretary Ashish Mital said that in Kaushambi on Friday, Rahul Gandhi could not utter a word on the plight of poor farmers and sand workers who were exploited by powerful BSP mafia.\"Congress is also silent on big landlords of Bara linked to BSP who have occupied dalit bastis and homesteads, gram sabha land and patta land of the poor. Congress is responsible for withdrawing urea and DAP subsidy. It has levied heavy Central taxes on petrol, diesel, cooking gas which have resulted in price rise. These are real issues of peoples' livelihood, mainly dalits and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi is silent because Congress is pro-landlords and pro-mafia.\"He further said that Samajwadi Party's manifesto released on Friday makes empty promises. \"It supports anti-people liberalisation/privatisation policy of the Congress and BSP,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandel", "code": "11583130", "title": "Rio terms Ibobi enemy of Nagas", "text": "CHANDEL: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Saturday termed Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh the enemy of Nagas. Addressing an election rally of the Naga People's Front (NPF) here, Rio said, \"If you elect Ibobi, he will always be the enemy of Nagas, tribals and backward people.\"Rio came to Chandel in a chopper from Kohima to address an NPF rallies in Ukhrul and Chandel. He addressed a crowd of 5,000 NPF supporters at the Chandel Maha ground and campaigned for his Chandel and Tengnoupal candidates.Rio claimed that Ibobi tried his best to prevent the NPF from entering Manipur and set up an office in Senapati on May 28 last year. \"Ibobi told the Union home minister that NPF's entry would create trouble. But, I assured the home minister that I will go to Manipur not to create trouble, but to bring peace,\" he said.\"Manipur CM's step was illegal, undemocratic and unconstitutional. The NPF is now contesting the assembly polls as the Election Commission has given recognition to the party,\" he said. The NPF is raising the demand for the integration of all Naga-inhabited areas of the northeast under one administrative roof. It is also backing the United Naga Council (UNC)'s demand for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Naga-dominated areas of Manipur.\"The Nagas in Manipur have suffered and faced many problems while fighting for their legitimate demands. Now, we have come as a political party to raise your voice in the assembly.All Nagas should shun individual interests and think of Nagaism,\" Rio said. He alleged that though 89 per cent of the geographical area of Manipur is hills and the valley accounts for only 11 per cent, majority of the funds allocated from the Centre goes to the valley.Saying the NPF was only seeking the rights of Nagas, Rio said, \"We are fighting for our rights. We are not against any political parties, tribes or Meiteis.\"Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11583475", "title": "Voters' Day: Dist admin to target schools, colleges", "text": "NOIDA: With nearly a month to go for the D-Day, the district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar reviewed the preparations for the upcoming Assembly elections on Saturday. Announcing that January 25 will be observed as the National Voters' Day in the district, the DM said the objective of the celebrations will be to increase voter enrolment. New voters will be honoured during the event, he said.Shedding light on the importance of National Voters' Day, DM Hirdesh Kumar said, the aim is to encourage the youth to exercise their franchise and choose the right candidate. Officials will pay visits to various schools and colleges and create awareness among students on the importance of casting their ballot. He said the administration is looking forward to maximum participation from schools and colleges.The day will be marked by grand functions throughout the district, said Kumar. \"Booth-level officers have been instructed to organize programmes in their respective areas to gather a large number of people,\" said Kumar. \"We will also be targeting students of Gautam Budh University,\" Kumar added.Kumar, who is also the district election officer took stock of the election preparedness during the meeting. Making sure that all poll arrangements were in place, the DM reminded his team to monitor the law and order situation. He also instructed officials to inspect all polling booths besides keeping tabs on political candidates. \"All sector and zonal magistrates will ensure that the election procedure in their respective areas is carried out without any glitches,\" Kumar said.Meanwhile, DIG Jyoti Narayan, said that additional manpower to maintain law and order during the elections was already in place. \"Paramilitary forces have already been deployed and all officials have been put on high alert,\" Narayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584470", "title": "Exchanged black buck handicapped", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the two female black bucks in Maharajbagh Zoo is set to face a lifetime of suffering as one of its legs has been permanently damaged.The black bucks were brought to the zoo along with two jackals from Kanan Pendari Zoological, near Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh, in exchange of the tigress Cherry in December last year. At that time a limp was observed in the gait of the animal but officials attributed the limp to an arduous 400-km journey that the animal had undertaken to Nagpur. \"Then we thought that the animal was suffering from transit shock due to the long journey,\" said Dr Sunil Bawaskar, officer in-charge, Maharajbagh Zoo.The front left leg of the black buck has been permanently damaged. When the authorities observed that the limp didn't subside even after the normal time span of the wearing off of the shock, they put it in a plaster. But it did not help.It was after this that they decided to conduct an x-ray. \"Two fractures were detected on the leg and unfortunately it can't be mended. The injury is such that we cannot undertake the normal procedures like fitting steel plate or rods. The animal has become lame permanently,\" said Bawaskar.He also informed that the black buck was fit before it had come to Nagpur.\"It must have sustained the injury during the transport,\" he said. There were reports of the black buck being pregnant but Bawaskar refused it saying, \"There is no definite report or observation about it being pregnant. It might be milking, yes, but not pregnant.\"\"This might also affect its lifespan,\" Bawaskar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584407", "title": "Farmland acquired, turned into housing plots for govt staff", "text": "CHENNAI: Rob Peter to pay Paul, so goes the idiom. Perhaps inspired by the phrase, the state revenue department had taken over 8.63 acres of farmland near Sriperumpudur as 'surplus' land from a farmer and then 'reserved' it for housing plots to be distributed among its employees.Coming down heavily on the department, more than 25 years after the land was acquired, a division bench of the Madras high court comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran said it was improper on the part of the government to acquire land and then give it to staff at their request. \"The government's action to take a decision at the request of the staff, in our considered opinion, is not proper,\" they said.The acquisition notification was issued in 1986 under the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Land Reforms Act to take over 8.63 acres of land in Sriperumpudur. The land was then \"reserved\" for distribution as housing plots to staff of the revenue department's division that deals with the land reforms. T M Sulochana Ammal, owner of the land, first approached the land commissioner, then the assistant commissioner (land reforms) and later the special appellate tribunal of the revenue department against the notification. After rejection of her requests, she approached the high court where a single judge dismissed her writ petition and upheld the decision to acquire the land.In her appeal, Sulochana Ammal pointed out that the land commissioner had no jurisdiction to allot the land to the Tamil Nadu Land Reforms Staff Co-op House Site Distribution Society Limited, which comprised members of his own department.The government, however, said the department's April 1990 order had become final and there was no scope for interference with the appellate tribunal's order of July 1992. Assigning the acquired land is the prerogative of authorities, as per the Tamil Nadu Land Reforms (Disposal of Surplus Land) Rules 1965, it was argued.Rejecting the submissions, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao said \"Distribution of an acquired land should be done to reduce disparity in ownership of farmland and such land should be given to landless so as to serve the common good and increase agricultural production.\"Allotting the land for construction of houses is contrary to provisions of the act, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao said, adding, \"This colourable exercise on the part of the government is in utter disregard to the principles underlying the enactment.\" Quashing the government's plan to distribute it to the society members, the judges asked it to consider the landlady's plea to restore the land to her.The judge said: \"Distribution of an acquired land should be done to reduce disparity in the ownership of land and such land should be given to landless so as to serve the common good and increase agricultural production.\"The action of the government to take a decision at the request of the staff, in our considered opinion, is not proper", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11585734", "title": "Jumbos' Day Out At Topslip", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nearly 1,000 people gathered to witness Yanai (elephant) Pongal celebrations at Topslip, nearly 85 km from the city, on Saturday.Collector T N Hariharan was present with his wife and two children to officially declare the celebrations open. Fourteen elephants were brought from the permanent camp at the site to be paraded in front of the eager visitors. Sweet pongal was cooked in front of everyone and, later, served to the elephants, along with jaggery, sugarcane and bananas. The elephants, for a change, were the first ones to feast. People were given sweet pongal and sundal afterwards.\"It is a happy moment... a fascinating moment. I fed the elephants' sugarcane and bananas. I am celebrating Yanai Pongal with my family here in Top Slip,\" Hariharan told the media.Deputy director of Anamalai Tiger Reserve A Thiagarajan said the celebrations were being held for the last 10 years to make the public aware of wildlife and elephants in particular. He said it was a great opportunity for families to come and learn about elephants.\"Only 14 of the 21 elephants could make the trip. Four more are in a state of 'musth'. And three are ill or aged,\" said forest ranger Saravanan.Nine Canadians were also present at the festival. They had come from Quebec province and were incidentally in Topslip on Saturday. A young Canadian couple - Lucie Jourdain, 25 and Tierre Robinson, 29 - were seen climbing on the elephants and cooking pongal and enthusiastically taking part in the celebrations even as they added some exotic flavour to it. Six of the Canadians were elderly citizens who were in Topslip as part of a bird watching tour. \"I am happy to here,\" said Lucie before she scampered upon an elephant.Meeran Mohideen, an advocate from Anamalai, said more such events should be held to spread awareness among the public about the habits and diet of elephants. \"Children especially find this very interesting,\" he said.Almost every family was present with a small child in tow. Eager children hesitantly touched the elephants which gave them a friendly swipe. \"That's why I brought them here. Ever since they heard the news, they have wanted to go,\" said K Mohammed Meeran, who had come with two boys, one aged nine and the other four years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11590996", "title": "4 girls rescued from brothel", "text": "SILCHAR: Four girls, including a minor, were rescued from a brothel in a joint operation by both Meghalaya and Assam Police in Silchar town of Assam's Cachar district, police said.The four girls from Meghalaya were brought here by a trafficker, whose name the police refused to divulge, and sold to Gita Sinha and Suku Debnath, who run a brothel near Fatak Bazar, the largest wholesale and retail market in the southern part of the state.The Meghalaya Police, acting on a tip-off, informed their Assam counterparts and rescued the four.The trafficker was absconding but the police arrested Sinha and Debnath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584765", "title": "Netaji birthday plan: Asok Ghosh left out in the cold", "text": "KOLKATA: Forward Bloc veteran Asok Ghosh didn't deserve it at his age. Ghosh, as chief patron of the Kendriya Netaji Janmotsav Committee, invited chief minister Mamata Banerjee to take the lead in celebrating the Deshapran Diwas on January 23 to mark Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's birthday, in a joint programme with the committee.On Saturday, Ghosh found to his surprise from the programme details sent from the Kolkata Police headquarters at Lalbazar that the government is the sole organizer of the programme from 11.45am to 12.30pm, leaving no space for the Janmotsav Committee.Feeling let down, Ghosh gave a piece of his mind to his party and Front colleagues because Front leaders will now have to wait with the public outside to garland the Netaji statue at Curzon Park at 12.15pm the time when Netaji was born.The matter came up in the Left Front meeting on Saturday where it was decided that Left Front leaders would wait outside for the chief minister and her council of ministers to finish their programme and take stage at the 2pm slot allotted to the Netaji Janmotsav Committee.\"The government has broken the convention. This programme used to be organized jointly by the state government and the Netaji Janmotsav Committee. Jyoti Basu and Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee did the same. This time we find that the government has taken absolute control of the programme. There is no place for the dignitaries who will be coming on invitation of the Janmotsav Committee,\" said Forward Bloc leader Hafiz Alam Sairani.Ghosh didn't have an inkling of the government plan when chief minister Mamata Banerjee made a courtesy call to the Bloc veteran at his party office.\"The CM told me that the government will be celebrating Netaji's birthday in the right spirit. I requested her to organize the programme jointly with the committee as has been the convention. She told me that she will get back to me after having a word with the government.Some days later the information and culture secretary rang me to discuss about the programme. I asked the chairman of the committee Subrata Bose to give the proposal in writing. On Thursday, we got a letter from the I&C; department saying the government is organizing the programme.In response I wrote a letter to Mamata Banerjee requesting her to sort out the matter. She responded on Saturday by bringing forward Netaji's birthday to January 21 at Writers' Buildings. How could she do that? We are not going to take it lightly,\" the Forward Bloc veteran said.Asked whether he would be going to garland the Netaji statute at Curzon Park on January 23 Ghosh said: \"It will all depend on the government's attitude. We will take a call after the Left parties meet on Sunday,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583520", "title": "UP elections: BJP appoints 42 observers", "text": "KANPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party has appointed 42 observers for the 10 assembly constituencies of the district. They would be assisting the BJP candidates during campaigning and watching the activities of other candidates contesting the elections.The decision of appointment of observers was taken by BJP election management committee in a meeting held on Friday.Anand Rajpal would take care of Kalyanpur assembly constituency. Dinesh Bhadauria would be looking after Govind Nagar. Arya Nagar and Kidwai Nagar would be looked after by Tanveer Haider Usmani and Neeraj Chaturvedi. Cantt assembly constituency would be taken care of by Pramod Tripathi and Maharajpur by Suryapal Yadav.Diwaker Mishra, Narendra Tiwari, Rajendra Chauhan, Arun Pal and Pramod Tripathi are some of the other observers.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11585707", "title": "Protest over possession of martyr\u2019s house", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Shaheed Sukhdev Thapar Memorial Trust staged a protest and burnt effigy of Punjab government against their decision to take possession of martyr's ancestral house.The members are on a hunger strike since Monday when the district administration took possession of the martyr's ancestral house despite strong resentment of trust members in Naughara Mohalla. They are now waiting for their next date of hearing in the high court on January 23.The members are appealing to the district administration to not take the possession because they have done nothing for the renovation or maintenance of this ancestral house.People belonging to Thapar community have been maintaining it for the past 80 years without government aid. President of Shaheed Sukhdev Thapar Memorial Trust Ashok Thapar alleged, \"On Monday, there would be a hearing in the high court over our plea and we are waiting for the court's decision. We'll even move to the Supreme Court if the need be.\"He said it is injustice to the members of trust, who have been maintaining this ancestral property for many years because when this house was in dismal condition, the government turned a blind's eye towards it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "11585585", "title": "'Palm-sized' preemie wins battle for survival", "text": "LOS ANGELES: One of the world's smallest surviving babies is discharged from the hospital where she spent nearly five months in an incubator , but not before getting the Hollywood treatment.Wearing a pink knit hat and wrapped in a pink princess blanket, Melinda Star Guido was greeted by a mob of television cameras and news photographers outside the Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center.\"I'm just happy that she's doing well,\" said her 22-yearold mother Haydee Ibarra. \"I'm happy that I'm finally going to take her home ... I'm just grateful.\"Melinda was born on August 30 weighing just 269 grams, less than a can of soda . She was so tiny that she fit into her doctor's hand. Melinda is believed to be the world's third-smallest surviving baby and second smallest in US.Now weighing 2.04kg and breathing through an oxygen tube as a precaution, doctors said Melinda has made enough progress to go home. Her brain scan was normal and her eyes were developing well. She has also passed a hearing test and a car seat test that's required of premature babies before discharge.Doctors plan to monitor her for the next six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583042", "title": "Assam Engineering College fest begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid much fanfare and enthusiasm, Pyrokinesis - the annual fest of Assam Engineering College began on Saturday - with an interactive session attended by noted journalist Arnab Goswami, Uday Kumar Dharmalingam, designer of the rupee symbol and Gaurav Gogoi, the son of chief minister Tarun Gogoi. The event witnessed a good turnout of students and teachers.During the session, Uday Kumar Dharmlingmam said, \"I feel honoured to be in Assam which makes me happy to be here. I wanted to design a symbol which would be universally appealing and accepted and began to think about the minute details. It suddenly struck me that amalgamation of two letters from Devangari and Roman scripts would make the symbol more acceptable. So I went ahead with the design.\"He added, \"Students need to have self confidence and should believe in themselves to move ahead in their lives. It is the catalyst that helps them in achieving their goals.\"Gaurav Gogoi, chief minister Tarun Gogoi's son, spoke on the empowerment of youth and stressed that the region's youth have great potential to bring about development in the northeast and the country. \"Overall, the interactive session was very enriching and interactive as the students got an opportunity to hold discussions with the respected panel of guests,\" said Tsangpo Luit Kashyap, a member of the organizing committee.Apart from the interactive session, students from other colleges took part in various activities such as rock competition and quiz on the first day of the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583226", "title": "Civil defence volunteers to help devotees at Magh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anticipating heavy rush of pilgrims and devotees on the occasion of Somwati Amavasya to be held on Monday, the wardens and sector wardens of civil defence on Saturday decided to deploy volunteers in and around Magh Mela campus. Holding a meeting at Colonelganj, post warden Rajendra Tiwari alias Dukanji said that volunteers would be deployed near Bhagwan Beni Madhav, Daraganj and the mela area so that devotees and pilgrims do not face problems while taking a holy dip.He added that volunteers would urge the devotees and pilgrims not to use polythene and gutkha and all the used puja material be thrown into the dustbins at the mela campus.Dukanji added that the volunteers would apprise the devotees that unclaimed articles like bags, transistors, briefcases and toys should not be touched by the devotees and if an unclaimed article is spotted, the police should be immediately informed.The volunteers would appeal the masses to inform if they notice any suspected person roaming in the mela area. If there is any case of bag and baggage missing on river banks, the volunteers would offer assistance to victims to lodge complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11585735", "title": "For this flyer from the UK, it\u2019s all about size", "text": "MANGALORE: Size matters. It attracts people at first sight, but it is the character and the movements that has people glued, says kite flyer Andrew Beattie from United Kingdom .If what the \"huge fella\" from Wokingham in the UK claims is true, his kites will be a must-watch at the ONGC-MRPL International Kite Festival. His range includes huge kites like an inflatable fish (both gold fish and manta ray), tiger, baby tiger, teddy bear to name a few. \"I saw a huge fish kite in Bali. It was actually swimming in the sky. My kites will do that depending upon the wind in India.''This is Beattie's first visit to India. When STOI asked about the size of his kite, pointing at the hotel lobby, he said: \"This room is too small (for my kites). My kites are 30 feet long at the minimum.''The bloke did not know what he wanted to do in life till he got a kite. \"I tried a lot of things like radio controlled cars and cycling. Whenever I got into something new I was sure that it was what I wanted to do. But when I flew a kite, it took over my life,'' he adds.According to him kites are not about kites. It's about people who fly them and the energy you put into them. \"I have travelled all over the world and have friends. It's all because of the kites.\"Beattie's other passion is photography. \"It's a hobby gone out of control (like kites).'' He also works as a technical consultant. \"I work because I have to pay for the kites,'' he smirks. \"My first huge kite was an octopus. When I flew it, it swam in the skies like the real thing does in water. It was exciting,'' says the enthusiast. So how many kites has he got to show off here? \"Barring the clothes I am wearing, everything else in my luggage are kites. It weighs 33 kilos. That's the permissible limit on flights,'' he says hinting that he has left a lot back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583284", "title": "Mayor, SP candidate file nomination on first day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mayor and Congress candidate from City South assembly segment, Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh and Samajwadi Party candidate from Handia assembly segment, Mahesh Narayan Singh filed their nominations at the district collectorate on Saturday.For the nominations, adequate security arrangements have been made in and around the collectorate campus. The traffic police in the city restricted the entry of heavy and commercial vehicles near court campus between 9 am and 4 pm due to nomination filing.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584398", "title": "Experts ask Centre to increase funding for HIV/AIDS research", "text": "CHENNAI: Scientists working in the field of HIV/AIDS research have asked the Central government to increase funding. The funding and the number of research papers coming out in international journals is largely insufficient and disappointing given the number of people suffering from the viral infection, they said.On Saturday, at the international symposium on HIV and Infectious diseases organized by the YRG Care here, experts said there was a need for youngsters to get into basic and applied research in HIV/AIDS. \"It's been 25 years since we first diagnosed HIV in this country. But the number of research papers that have come out of our country is abysmally low,\" said Dr Suniti Solomon, who diagnosed the first HIV/AIDS case in the country.Results of a global clinical trial showed that treating HIV-infected individuals with antiretrovirals - the drug of choice for people with HIV/AIDS - can reduce the risk of sexual transmission of HIV to the uninfected partner by 96%. \"India was a part of this trial. But we should have ideally been a forerunner. In most couples, only one is HIV positive. They always ask if they can have healthy babies without the virus being transmitted to the non-infected person,\" Dr Solomon said.India has been a part of some global research like that of vaccines. So far, India has worked on at least vaccine candidates for HIV/AIDS. The National AIDS Research Institute and the National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis have been involved in clinical trails and some private centres have been working on gels that can prevent transmission. \"But the number of international papers coming out of India is less than most developing countries,\" said Dr VD Ramanathan of the National Institute for Tuberculosis Research, who is part of the AIDS vaccine trial.Most researchers said that international funding for HIV/AIDS has declined as the prevalence rate has also relatively dropped. \"It is important to ensure that we stay on a par with global research. That way we will also be able to find solutions for problems specific to our region,\" said Rajat Goyal of International AIDS Vaccine Initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11584928", "title": "\u2018Chinaman\u2019 hits a sixer", "text": "JAIPUR: If his acceptance speech was any indicator, Sri Lankan writer Shehan Karunatilake's book, Chinaman, is going to be a cracker of a novel. Karunatilake, who won the DSC Prize for South Asian Literature 2012 at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Saturday delighted with his thanksgiving note when he said, \"I dedicate this win to the Sri Lankan cricket team.\"As the crowd clapped, he corrected, \"It's actually to the dismal performance of the team. When Chinaman found a publisher, the team lost the World Cup.When we lost the home series to Australia last year, an idea for a new book struck me and when the book got nominated for the prize, the team was thrashed by Pakistan. So, when I heard yesterday that Sri Lanka beat South Africa, I said, 'no chance (that I will win the prize)',\" to a crowd that applauded in delight. The book is published by Random House India.The prize is worth $50,000 and was given by the Queen Mother of Bhutan Ashi Dorji Wangmo Wangchuk in the presence of HS Narula, chairman of the DSC Group and the jury members. The award was announced by author Ira Pande.Chinaman is the story of a retired and alcoholic cricket writer W G Karunasena who decides to use the remaining days of his life making a documentary on Sri Lankan cricket and about a brilliant but neglected cricketer P S Mathew.The DSC Prize was given to him for 'exploring cricket as a metaphor to uncover a lost life and a lost history, skillfully using sport and the notion of fair play to look at Sri Lanka in a fresh and exciting way.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585843", "title": "Fund crunch scuttles Corporation plans", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even a month after the Vilappilsala waste treatment plant was shut down, the much-touted alternative, source-level waste management scheme, is yet to be implemented.This is not for want of initiative from the peoples' side as the number of applications for setting up bio-gas plants is growing by the day. The Corporation, however, has no funds to implement the programme. The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the Corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.It has been allotted Rs 80 lakh for setting up decentralized waste management units in various wards.But that amount is too meager, councillors say. \"Implementing the scheme with such sparse sum is unthinkable. There are 500-250 applicants in each ward. The Corporation cannot meet the demand of all the 100 wards with this money,'' says BJP councillor P Ashok Kumar. The Corporation has entrusted five NGOs to set up 0.5 cu.m-capacity biogas plants at Rs 6,500 and 1 cu.m capacity tanks at Rs 10,000.\"Initially all the NGOs agreed to do the job at this rate, but now they are sulking as the state government has offered them more attractive rates at other places,\" says Pushpalatha, chairperson, Health Standing Committee.\"Twenty flats in the city have set up biogas plants on their own. But once the government declared subsidies, the other flats registered for the aid and are waiting for the subsidies. Such factors are causing this unwanted delay,\" says an LDF councillor.Officials say the Corporation will soon demand more funds from the government. \"We will request the government to give us Rs 12 crore for implementing the project in all the 100 wards. In the meantime, we plan to promote cheaper waste management schemes like pipe-composting,\" said Dr Sreekumar, Health Department official.The plan was to set up 2,000 biogas plants in the initial phase, and complete the job by January. But to date the Corporation has managed to put up only 20, and that too in a single ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583219", "title": "Bus stops planned near metro stations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation ( APSRTC) and Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) officials are holding discussions on setting up bus stops near the 65 proposed metro rail stations in the city for commuters' benefit.This was disclosed by APSRTC's new executive director (Greater Hyderabad Zone) A Koteshwar Rao at a press conference on Saturday. However, he said that the responsibility of providing land would be on HMR officials.He also said that in addition to the six under-construction bus depots, 10 other depots were being planned at various locations in the city. For the benefit of inter-district bus travellers, mini-buses would be procured shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584315", "title": "Wider heritage zone a new worry", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Archaeological Survey of India begins framing heritage bylaws for protected monuments in the city, the existence of several structures and public projects around these sites may be at stake if they do not meet the set criteria.ASI plans to declare any construction work within 300m of all 174 protected monuments in the city as unauthorized if due permissions were not granted to these structures after the amendment to the ASI Act in 1992. Sources said a list of such constructions will be compiled and shared with civic and law-enforcing agencies such as MCD and Delhi Police, who would then take appropriate action.In 1992, ASI's Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act of 1959 added a gazetted notification that prohibited new constructions within a 100m radius of any ASI monument in the country. The act, however, allowed for controlled development within the regulated area of the monument, which was fixed at 200m.Last year, a new Act for monument protection was passed by the Parliament that proposed setting up of the National Monuments Authority (NMA) to grant permissions for constructions around monuments. The new Act also specified preparation of heritage bylaws for every protected monument, for which ASI has roped in conservation body INTACH. \"A survey of protected monuments is underway site plans will be drawn. Survey of India will then submit these plans to INTACH, which will prepare the heritage bylaws for every monument. The bylaws would then be submitted to the competent authority appointed by ASI that would prepare the final draft and submit it to NMA,'' said a source.The Supreme Court recently upheld the Delhi high court's order to measure the prohibited (100m) and regulated area (200m) for a centrally protected monument from the base of its boundary wall and not the monument structure. Sources said this would result in more structures intruding on the regulated zone. Apart from private properties, a number of infrastructure projects like Delhi Metro constructions and Barapullah Nullah are also likely to feature in the list. ASI joint director-general Dr B R Mani, in charge of heritage bylaws, said the Act passed last year specified that strict action be taken against constructions coming up close to protected monuments. \"It will be a long-drawn task to ascertain if constructions in prohibited or regulated zones took place after 1992 or before that date and whether permissions will be granted to them. Land revenue records will have to be checked and permissions verified by several agencies. A final list will have to be drawn of all unauthorized constructions and notices will then be sent,'' he said.\"MCD will have to take action against these constructions and we will also file police complaints,'' said a senior ASI official.The state-appointed competent authority has been asked to provide field inputs for preparation of heritage bylaws. The mapping by the Survey of India will help NMA decide on the protected area of each monument while preparing the bylaws. While the 2010 Act specifies that no construction be allowed within a 100m radius of all ASI monuments, the regulated zone area has no outer limit prescribed though that also has to be up to 200m at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583817", "title": "Anjana does it again, breaks 1500m national record", "text": "NASHIK: Middle-distance runner Anjana Thamke did the state and Nashik proud again as she set a new national record in the girls 1500 metre race at the National School Games Athletics championship in Ludhiana on Saturday by clocking 4 minute 31.3 seconds, clipping nearly 10 seconds off the old record, in the U-17 category.The record holder in 600m in the U-14 category, this 15-year-old daughter of a rickshawala also won the gold in the 400m, making it a double for her. \" She is surely in the running for a berth in the Indian team for the Asian School Games and the World School Games to be held in Malaysia and Croatia ,\" said her coach, Veejendra Singh.Another local girl, Durga Deore, too claimed a silver medal in 600m in the U-14 age group. The games will conclude on January 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584309", "title": "Get your property registered by March end: LDA to allottees", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA)has appealed to allottees to get their properties registered and free hold by the end of current financial year. LDA vice-chairman Rajeev Agarwal said that the allottees may deposit the remaining instalment of the property, besides the 12% of the total amount to get their property free hold.Agarwal said that the allottees may also contact respective property officers and staff of various housing schemes to know about the formalities that need to be undertaken for the purpose.On Saturday, the LDA organised a registry camp for the allottees at its head office in Gomtinagar. In all 128 properties were registered, the LDA said in a statement. As many as 68 properties got registered from Gomtinagar housing scheme. This was the maximum among all the allottees who thronged the LDA office.Likewise, 48 allottees from Kanpur Road and Sharda Nagar housing schemes got their properties registered. A dozen allottees from Aliganj, Janakipuram and Vasant Kunj housing schemes too turned up to get their properties registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584427", "title": "Chennai to lock horns with Calcutta", "text": "NAGPUR: Male paddlers from reigning champion Chennai and last year's runners-up Calcutta lived up to the pre-tournament billing as they stormed into the final blanking their respective opponents in the All India Inter-University Table Tennis Championship in progress at Subhedar Hall here on Saturday.While SRM University, Chennai flogged Burdhwan University 3-0 in the first semifinals, Calcutta University drubbed GNDU Amritsar 3-0.Chennai's domination could be gauged from the fact that they lost only a single game and won the rest nine to make it to summit clash.In women's section, Chennai University defeated Delhi University 3-1 while Burdhwan University girls had to battle hard to beat Calcutta University 3-2 and earn a place in the final match.Earlier in quarterfinals, RTM Nagpur University girls went down fighting to Calcutta University 3-2. Securing the initiative with a 2-1 lead, Nagpur girls went on to lose the last two games and hence a place in the semifinals.ResultsMen's (semifinals): SRM University, Chennai bt Burdhwan University 3-0 (Nitin V bt Sanjib Parvi 11-5,11-6,11-7; Dhiraj Rai bt Pronav Moitra 11-7, 11-9, 11-9; N Aditya bt Saurav Das 11-5, 7-11, 11-5, 11-4) Calcutta University bt GNDU Amritsar 3-0 (Anirban S Roy bt Kartik Dogra 11-7, 11-3, 9-11, 11-7; Ankur Bask bt Vandit Salwan 11-5, 6-11, 8-11, 11-5; Suman Bask bt Rahul Malhotra 11-4, 12-10, 11-6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "11590930", "title": "Youth killed as rifle goes off accidentally", "text": "ETAWAH: A manager of a private cellular company was today killed allegedly when a rifle of his room mate went off accidentally in Kotwali area.The victim, Gaurav Bahal (24), was killed on the spot. The incident took place when his room mate Sarvesh Gupta was cleaning his rifle in Khatkhata Baba colony this afternoon, police said.Police said that Sarvesh, a journalist, has been detained in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584062", "title": "Clubbed to death: Shocked Hotel Aroma yet to decide on 24-hour status", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over a week after the murder of Harminder Singh, 29, the shocked hospitality industry fears for the security of its guests. After the incident, Hotel Aroma has not been operational around the clock and the status will remain the same till Tuesday.The hotel's committee members will meet police officers and discuss security on Tuesday. The owner of Hotel Aroma, Manmohan Singh Kohli said, \"Any crime that takes place in the vicinity mar the image of our hotel. We had a talk with the top cops on Saturday and asked them to make the area secure.\"The area is mostly visited by doctors on late night duties. \"After we decided restrict the timings, we have been receiving calls and mails from all our customers to let it remain open throughout the night,\" Kohli said.Dr Arshad from Government Medical College and Hospital said, \"This is the only place where we can take breaks during our work hours late in the night.\"The hoteliers have been mulling over shutting down of the 24 hours facility. \"Till the time we do not reach any decision, the restaurant will remain open till 2am during the weekends and 1am during the week,\" Kohli said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585507", "title": "Transporter\u2019s son dupes girl of 6L gold, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vinoba Bhave Nagar police on Saturday arrested the son of a Navi Mumbai transport company owner who allegedly befriended a 15-year-old Kurla girl on a social networking site and got her to part with 230 gm of gold ornaments worth approximately Rs 5.75 lakh.The accused, Vineet Karwadkar (25), reportedly told the minor that he required money for his father's treatment. The police said the youth created a fake identity on the site and spoke about his hardships to gain the girl's sympathy.The class X teen's father works in Dubai . \"The victim believed Karwadkar and handed over the valuables over a period of three months whenever Karwadkar sought help,\" said a police officer.The teen's mother found the gold missing in November last year. She filed a complaint with the VB Nagar police stating that Karwadkar duped her daughter and made her steal valuables from her own home.Based on the complaint, deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni supervised a team of VB Nagar police, including senior inspector Arunkumar Aaigal, sub-inspector Bujang Godbole and constables Jaywant Goderao and Anil Katkar, and arrested Karwadkar from CBD Belapur.Goderao scanned several links mentioned on the site and found Karwadkar's photograph among the 498 on one of his ex-girlfriend's accounts. \"The accused had introduced himself as Aryan and did not post his picture on the site. The victim helped us identify him from the photographs,\" an officer said.The teen, in her statement, said, \"I befriended him in July last year and met him thrice. When my mother learnt about the fraud, he spoke to her and falsely promised to return the ornaments.\"Karwadkar will be produced in court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583913", "title": "Anti-Maoist operation remains a patchy affair", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maoist attack in Jharkhand more than 200km from Ranchi is a reminder of the Left ultras' capacity to hit police and paramilitary units in remote areas, and their intention to retain control of areas they consider liberated zones.The attack comes a little more than a month after Maoists targeted Inder Singh Namdhari, independent MP from Chatra in Jharkhand. Although the MP was lucky to escape the assassination bid, 10 people, including eight policemen, lost their lives.After the relative lull in major Maoist strikes was broken by the attack on Namdhari, the motive behind the strike was seen to be an attempt to seek vengeance for the death of top ultra Kishenji in West Bengal. Jharkhand remains a major base for the extremists and the attack once again underlines that the insurgency is far from over.The death of Maoist leader Kishenji has been a major setback to the Maoists, but it has also given them a reason for revenge strikes although it is not immediately clear whether Saturday's incident could be linked to this motive.While states have improved intelligence sharing and the Centre has adopted an approach to pump in large sums of development funds to deprive Maoists of local sympathizers, the momentum of anti-naxal operations has not recovered since the home ministry had to rollback its proactive intent in the face of opposition within Congress and high casualties inflicted by the ultras.The police unit in Jharkhand fell to an IED, the favourite killing device used by the extremists who are usually accompanied by a loose local militia. The shock and surprise are the ultras' powerful weapons, besides use of sophisticated arms they have looted from state armouries or purchased from gunrunners.The war on naxals remains patchy. Though better coordination between state police forces is showing results, some states have decided not to proactively confront the extremists. Despite the growing menace, Odisha is hesitant in confronting the rebels.Jharkhand has been more prepared to take on the Maoists after being reluctant during the Shibu Soren regime, but the state's efforts are not seen to be fully focused. Neighbouring Chhattisgarh has been harder on the ultras, although tracts of the southern part of the state remain under Maoists' grip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11584198", "title": "It's hard to get family doctors in city", "text": "GURGAON: Despite the fact that the city has an ever-expanding population, the neighbourhood general physician is going into oblivion.Residentscomplain that these time-bound general physicians are usually on duty in the multi-speciality hospitals and only visit the smaller clinics when they have \"spare time\".\"A person does not fall ill as per the availability of a doctor. However, since there are fixed timings for the local doctors sitting at a commercial complex, in case of even minor emergencies like a gash or high fever or a fracture, one has no choice but to rush the patient to a hospital,\" said Bhawani Shanker Tripathy, a Sector 23 resident.Riti Sarkar, a resident of Sushant Lok agreed. \"I just had a bout of regular cold and fever. But in the absence of good, local dispensaries, I had to go to a bigger hospital. I spent nearly Rs3,000 for the medicines and the tests to be simply diagnosed with regular viral fever\".Also, according to a senior doctor at a private hospital who wished not to be named, the money paid to the doctors in hospitals much more lucrative than what they earn in a clinic .The doctors' preference for bigger hospitals have hit the residents, especially the poor in the city.Take the example of Parvati who ended up spending Rs 45,000, taking loans, just to get her husband treated for a simple urinary infection at multi-speciality hospital near Rajiv Chowk.\"My maid told us that her husband was unwell. Since I knew a doctor at Medanta the Medicity, I fixed up an appointment and took the patient along with Parvati. The doctor examined the patient, who is a private security guard and wrote down a series of tests for him. By the end of it all, the hospital gave a bill of Rs 45,000 for the investigation reports and consultation and the ailment in the end turned out to be a urinary infection,\" said Vinay Shanker, former secretary, ministry of rural development, government of India.The Palam Vihar resident added that his maid had to take a loan from her relatives back in her village, which was nothing but an additional burden for poor people like her.Said Major General (retd) Satbir Singh, a resident of Sector 23, \"My servant had injured himself and I took him to Umkal hospital in Palam Vihar, where the doctors charged him Rs 4,000 for a dislocation in the little finger. Since he could not afford the bill , I paid it.\"These might be just a few stories wherein the daily wagers have no way but to either queue up for an entire day at the local Civil Hospital for the smallest of ailments as their only option for cheap treatment or take the risk of visiting quacks as a last resort.The problem is bad, said Dr Preeti Sharma, a dentist since there is immense pressure which builds up primarily due to competition and escalating costs.However, she refused to comment any further.\"The concept of having a general physician round the clock has disappeared. The handful available, run clinics at a commercial complex which have a set time to see patients. I know of a doctor who tried to run a clinic at the Sector 1a5 HUDA market but had to shut shop within 12 months as she did not find it finically viable,\" explained Nargis Bano, an employee at a private firm in Old Gurgaon.Also, the mediclaim facility makes it convenient for those employed in multinationals to visit doctors in these super-speciality hospitals, not bothering much about the bills.To add to the woes of the poor and the needy, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has not yet set up any dispensary or clinic to help them, in spite of being around for three and a half years.Meanwhile, according to a senior official of the MCG, the health department has not handed over the domain of putting dispensaries in place to them.\"Even if we set up dispensaries at our cost, they will be functional under the civil surgeon since the health department will have to put doctors in place on deputation. We are helpless at our end,\" saidthe official, who wished not to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11583061", "title": "Militants free rly worker after 9 days", "text": "SILCHAR: Suspected militants freed the kidnapped worker of the Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion project after nine days of his abduction from Assam's Dima Hasao district.\"Suspected militants freed Dharmendra Yadav (22), who runs the stone crusher unit of Triveni Construction, somewhere near Lungting, 78 km from Haflong on Friday,\" a senior police officer of the Haflong police station said on Saturday.He was abducted from the company's camp at Natun Haza near Lungting on January 12 by a group of armed militants. \"The abductors freed him under the pressure of the ongoing operation against the miscreants by the police and the army. No ransom was paid for his release,\" the officer said. He, however, abstained from naming the outfit or organization responsible for the kidnapping.Suman Dey (26), a trader who was abducted on December 17, 2011 from Hatikhali market in Dima Hasao district, 85 km from Haflong, remains untraced even after a month of his abduction. Suspected armed militants whisked him away at night when he was on his way home. Police suspect Dey was abducted by a Dima Hasao-based militant group and was taken to their hideout in the forests near Karbi Anglong border for a ransom.Earlier Col (Retd) Jatindar Singh Sandhu (62), the general manager of the Umrangshu unit of the private sector Jaypee Cement Ltd and Ramen Sharma, deputy general manager of the state-owned Assam Mineral Development Corporation, were kidnapped on November 25 from Umrangshu. Their decomposed bodies were later found on December 23.After a lull following the surrender of major militant outfits in the district, the resurgence of kidnapping and killing in the hill district is set to threaten the peace process, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11584577", "title": "'Good critic should have in-depth knowledge'", "text": "WARDHA: \"A good critic should have in-depth knowledge of the literature. But in today's world the nature of writing has undergone a sea-change in which the importance of script is losing its way,\" said noted critic Virendra Narayan Singh.Singh was addressing a two-day workshop on \"Critics: Encroachment of cast over script\" at Habib Tanvir Hall, MGIHU campus on Friday.Vice-chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University (MGIHU) Vibhuti Narayan Rai, who too was present in the meet said, \"A writer creates his own destiny. In the beginning he finds himself alone but as time passes by he faces different obstacles in his career. These hurdles actually help him in becoming a better writer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584054", "title": "Students bond with nature at Prakriti Utsav", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prakriti Utsav, an environment festival, was organized at MCM DAV College for Women-36 on Saturday. The fest, sponsored by Punjab State Council for Science and Technology (PSCST) and Punjab Biodiversity Board, provided a common platform to various educational organizations to exhibit their creativity.MCM DAV college hosted many academic institutions harbouring a surfeit of activities, both inter-college and intra-college. The inter-college activities comprised of wildlife photography contest, essay and poem writing competition, a unique environment based quiz and antakshri competition, a research-based power-point presentation contest on local biodiversity and a 'bindi' artifacts on endangered species contest among others.The intra-college activities included games on green psychology and organic and healthy food among others. Innovative concepts like eco-decoration, vermi-culture, vermi-composting and green house cultivation of medicinal plants and herbs were highlighted. The potter's wheel was a unique endeavor to develop a stronger bond between students and nature. MCM also propagated the use of herbal &amp; natural cosmetics through its own Cosmetology and Beauty Care lab. These activities provided the students with an opportunity to showcase their creative persona and to ally with nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583933", "title": "Rail services on Mumbai route back on track", "text": "NASHIK: Two days after Nashik-Mumbai rail traffic was disrupted following a derailment on Thursday, normalcy was restored on Saturday. While the cause of the derailment is being investigated, preliminary reports indicate that fluctuations in temperature had caused minor cracks in the track, triggering track fracture. Senior railway officials said that a panel would present a report on the issue within seven days.Forty-seven hours after the derailment, with work proceeding non-stop at the site, the 500m railway track that was thoroughly damaged has been reconstructed and at 6am on Saturday, the first train passed through the area cautiously at a speed of 30km per hour.\"The most important job of setting the track right has been done by the engineers. Traffic is on again on this very important track of the Central Railway. All the trains are on schedule, albeit with a delay of half an hour or so. The diversions have been cancelled and by Sunday morning all the trains, even the long distance ones, are expected to stick to their schedules,\" station manager R K Kuthar said.Meanwhile, railway officials, on condition of anonymity, have confirmed that Nashik has witnessed huge variations in weather in recent times, with mercury dipping to 4.4 degree Celsius and at the same time rising to 27 degree Celsius. The variations in temperatures have been just too high.\"Though the rails weather these variations and inspections take place regularly, the tracks still developed a crack. It is clear that the engine and the four bogeys crossed the mark, even as the fifth bogey and those after it derailed. The crack developed into major gap, with the wheels of the engine and first bogeys passing by. The gap then widened with the hammering of the wheels and finally gave away,\" the officials said. He added that this report would be presented to seniors before being sent to the divisional railway manager (DRM) at Bhusawal.DRM, Bhusawal, Hemant Kataria, however, maintained that a committee had been set up to discuss and decide the cause of the accident. \"The reports will be presented in a week's time, and only after that will we be able to say something concrete,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584153", "title": "Lab special wows all", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 60 dogs walked the ramp on third Labrador specialty show held here on Saturday at Leisure Valley, Sector 10. Labrador from various part of the country, including Mumbai, Dehradun, Bangalore, Calcutta and most of the districts of Punjab, competed with each other during the show.The show was adjudged by two Australians, Linda Buckley and Louise Dorr Austara. Colonel (retd) M G S Khurana of Chandigarh Kennel Club, told TOI Karan Singh Walia's dog from Mumbai won the first prize. Best bred in India award was bagged by Ludhiana's Jagdev Singh dog and Ruppy Grewal's labrador bagged best puppy of the show award. Grewal was also from Ludhiana.Col Khurana said around 400 canines of 40 different breeds from various parts of the country, would be participating in the all-breed show that would start at 9.30am on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584550", "title": "Shripad's Porvorim dream shot down", "text": "PANAJI: BJP's Goa MP Shripad Naik continues to be the state unit's inevitable fall guy. Naik, who had expressed his desire to contest the Porvorim seat in the upcoming March assembly polls, has been told by the party high command that he will not be allowed to do so.Sources in the party told TOI that during Naik's recent visit to New Delhi, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari informed Naik that the BJP high command has decided that he should not contest the state polls and he should continue as Member of Parliament. A shocked Naik returned to Goa on Friday.While rejecting Naik's request to contest from Porvorim, the high command spoke of \"party interest\", said sources. A bitterly upset Naik declined to disclose the discussion he had with Gadkari, but party sources said the decision has been taken to avoid a tussle over the chief minister's post if BJP wins the state polls. \"We don't want factional fights after the elections,\" a senior BJP member said. Opposition leader and Panaji MLA Manohar Parrikar has been the party's chief minister in the past and is a contestant for the slot.Sources said the decision is not just on account of personality-Naik is considered soft-spoken, while Parrikar is viewed as aggressive-but on caste lines as well. Naik is the BJP's most prominent face of the Bhandari Samaj, while Parrikar is representative of the Goud Saraswat Brahmin community.Following Naik's treatment, there is strong resentment against the BJP leadership in the Bhandari Samaj-Naik is the community's most prominent BJP face-for ignoring its sentiments. Naik's BJP supporters and well-wishers, who had asked him to quit the party if he was denied the Porvorim ticket, are expected to meet shortly to decide their future course of action. Naik, though bitterly upset over the high command's decision, is against quitting the party.In reaction to the decision, however, he has informed state party leaders that he will not be attending a single BJP state election committee meeting henceforward. The committee has been constituted to finalize the party's candidates for the assembly polls. The panel is likely to meet in the first week of February to finalize the candidates before the central parliamentary committee meeting clears the final list.Sources said that BJP vice-president Govind Parvatkar, former BJP Aldona candidate Kunda Chodankar, Asnodkar brothers Kishore and Mahanand are aspirants for the Porvorim ticket. There's also a tussle between hardliners and other BJP members in the constituency. RSS-oriented members are in favour of Parvatkar getting the ticket.BJP's alliance partner, regional outfit MGP, is also negotiating for the Porvorim seat. TOI had earlier reported that the BJP is in the process of allotting six seats to the MGP, including that of Porvorim.In 2007, Mayem was identified to facilitate Naik's entry into state polls, but two months before the assembly elections he was told he might lose the seat. The seat was won by an even lesser known BJP candidate, Anant Shet.In 2002, Naik was asked to resign as central minister and contest against Ravi Naik in Ponda. He lost that election, leaving his supporters feeling that the MP is given the ticket only when he is guaranteed to lose. Naik had travelled to the national capital as the high command had failed to revert with a decision on his interest to contest the state elections since late December. With no decision sent through BJP senior leader Arun Jaitley who was in Goa last Sunday to launch the Jan Sampark Abhiyan yatra, Naik decided to meet the high command himself.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11583435", "title": "Ours is the most peaceful time in history: Steven Pinker", "text": "JAIPUR: We live in violent, turbulent times-perhaps the most dangerous in human history, right? Wrong. At least that's what Steven Pinker would argue. Flying in the face of conventional wisdom, the Harvard professor of cognitive psychology and author of 'The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined' on Saturday held a packed audience at the Jaipur Literary Festival spellbound with his argument that, in fact, we have the good fortune to be living in the most peaceful period in human history.That claim may have seemed bizarre at first, but not once Pinker started listing one interesting statistic after another. He pointed out that death caused by violence as a percentage of all deaths has declined dramatically over the centuries. Tribal warfare was nine times as deadly as war and genocide in the 20th century. Similarly, the murder rate of medieval Europe was over 30 times what it is today. And there are more chances of Americans dying in a bathtub (one in 950,000) than in a terror attack (one in 3.5 million), according to a paper published by John Mueller and Mark Stewart.A subject as vast as the history of violence can't really be summarized in one session, but Pinker zipped along. First, he listed six trends causing a decrease in violence. These include our evolution from hunter-gatherers to settled civilizations (Pacification); the emergence of kingdoms with centralized authority (\"They like to keep subjects alive not out of humanitarian consideration but because they needed them as slaves and for taxes\"), the emergence of Enlightenment philosophy and its respect for the individual (the Humanitarian Revolution); the absence of direct war between the two superpowers (the Long Peace); the trend of wars to be more infrequent, and less violent times (\"in medieval times, you had the 100 years' war, now wars rarely last more than a fortnight\") and finally, the Rights Revolution, which has reduced violence against women, gays, minorities etc.He also pointed out that the number of males killed by women has reported a sharp decline over the years, \"so men benefited greatly from the women's rights revolution\".Major forces for peace cited by Pinker included 'gentle commerce' (\"The US and China may have differences over trade, but they make all our stuff and we owe them too much money, so I don't think we'll ever actually get into a war\") and the expanding circle of empathy as we are exposed to more and more of other people's cultures, art, literature etc.The world may have got more rational, but there are still people resorting to terror. What if a small group used a nuclear weapon, TOI asked Pinker when we later caught up with him for an exclusive interview. Pinker didn't rule out the possibility, but thought it was unlikely.Would he have supported the war against Iraq, assuming it did have weapons of mass destruction (WMDs)? He mused over the hypothesis before replying, \"If there was evidence they had WMDs and were about to use them, then, a preemptive strike might have been justified. But just possessing such weapons, with no clear violations of international law, doesn't do so.\"Did the handling of Iraq hold lessons for today's Iran crisis? \"Certainly. The reason the United States is not so likely to invade Iran is precisely because of the lessons learned from Iraq. And conversely, the Iranian push towards nuclear capability is calculated to deter invasions like the kind deposing Saddam Husain.\"But considering how many countries still have their fingers on the nuclear trigger, how can more peace-loving politicians be ensured? Feminists will love the answer: \"There's a statistical truth here-men commit 12 times as many homicides than women, 75% men admit to the occasional homicidal thought, which means 25% are lying! Men consume more violent entertainment, have more violent fantasies. Most of the world's bloodiest mass murderers, Hitler to Stalin, were men. A woman head of state is more likely to look at the costs and benefits of violence. Societies that empower women are less violent in every way.\"We were quick to cite Indira Gandhi and Margaret Thatcher as women who successfully led their countries in wartime. \"I doubt very much you'd have had those wars (Bangladesh, 1971 and the Falklands, 1982) if both the sides involved had been led by women, instead of just one,\" retorted Pinker. \"Besides, there are still too few women at the top, so they feel compelled to play by men's rules.\"But if violence is shrinking, why do we think the opposite? Could modern media be a factor? \"Absolutely,\" said Pinker. \"The 9/11 strikes left an indelible impact on our minds, but in relative terms, the scale of casualties actually wasn't all that high. Research shows peoples' estimates depend on how easily they recall examples from memory-it's called 'the availability bias'. If there are events you see in full colour beamed onto your television or computer, they will impact your perception of how frequent those events are-misleading us into thinking how common violence is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584554", "title": "BJP-Sena alliance for Zilla Parishad on: Bawankule", "text": "NAGPUR: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) district president Chandrashekhar Bawankule on Saturday said that even though the party had declared most of its candidates for zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections, there would be an alliance with its ally Shiv Sena .Talks are going on between Congress and NCP for a pre-poll alliance. District NCP chief Sadanand Nimkar said that the finalization of the alliance was stuck over a few seats and that would be sorted out by Sunday morning. \"We will announce the list in the evening,\" he said.Even as Bawankule said this he announced another 21 candidates for ZP and 66 for PS elections on Saturday. With this BJP has declared has 56 candidates out of the total 59. It has announced 104 out of 118 candidates for PS polls. Its ally Sena has declared 30 candidates for ZP and 34 for PS elections.Bawankule said that while party had declared the names of the candidates they would not be provided AB forms until the seat sharing arrangement is finalized with Sena.\"Once the arrangement is finalized only the candidates for those seats, which come in our share will be given AB forms while the others would be asked to withdraw.\"Replying to a query he admitted that there was a possibility that some candidates, who were denied AB forms might rebel and contest as independents. Only those candidates who submit AB forms of the concerned political party are considered to be the official nominee and they get the party's election symbol.Political experts say that local BJP and Sena leaders were under pressure from their top bosses to strike an alliance. The announcement of lists was a part of pressure tactics.BOXNo need for toilet certificateState election commission has issued a circular clarifying that the requirement of submitting a certificate from gram panchayat that the candidate has a toilet at his or her house does not apply to candidates for zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections. The commission had earlier issued a circular on January 13 that such a certificate was required. However, it realized that this provision was only applicable to gram panchayat elections. The state government had made the certificate compulsory to eradicate practice of defecating in open in the villages.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ropar", "code": "11585465", "title": "IIT Ropar students claim their share of job pie", "text": "ROPAR: Indian Institute of Technology , established here in 2009, has brought its first crop of students to the corporate world and they are fetching good packages. As many as 38 of 96 pupils of its first batch have got jobs with an average annual salary of Rs 11.5 lakh.Faculty members of the institute said the packages of these graduates were higher than those from other newly-established IITs.Divya Sharma, a fourth-year student from computer science department has offers from two major software companies.Shashak Sharma has been hired by EPIC of USA for a package of Rs 42 lakh per annum. \"It's a dream come true. I am celebrating as I never expected this,\" he stated.Another student, Parteek Garg, said, \"These days, all students are holding parties for celebrating their getting jobs. I have been to 20 such parties and tomorrow it will be my time to treat.\"Just a few students in the computer science department await placement. IIT management is now focusing on electrical and mechanical departments.The institute also has many students who performed well in combined admission test for MBA and intend to study further. P Sreeram Prasad from electrical department was among those who made up the 100th percentile in CAT.He said, \"I am just 21 and it is not the right time to work. I want to learn more.\" There are 15 students at IIT Ropar, who were in CAT's 96th percentile or above.Nitin Aulukh, who is in charge of training and placement cell, said, \"It is encouraging to see our students get such quality job offers during the first phase of our inaugural placement drive. We are looking forward to welcoming more companies for the second phase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11584959", "title": "Over 17,000 throng venue on Day Two", "text": "JAIPUR: Rushdie or no Rushdie, the Jaipur Literature Festival is growing in popularity and sadly, the historical Diggi Palace is unable to accommodate the increasing number of visitors.Online registrations for the event was shut down later on Saturday after a record footfall surpassed all expectations and estimates with the venue going choc-a-block for most part of the day. However, the organizers have decided to keep spot registration open.Although it was not chaotic, it appeared like one at the end of each session when the crowd poured out into the open to change venues for the next sitting.Neetu Bhatia, founder and CEO of Kya-Zoonga.com, which has been mandated to do registration and validation of visitors to the event, said that the venue witnessed more than 17,000 people on Saturday against 10,000 on Friday, the first day of the festival.\"This year, the event has received tremendous response and broke all forecasts and projections. We expect around 1.25 lakh people during the entire five days,\" added Bhatia.Organiser Sanjoy Roy said while online registration had to be shut down, it will be reopened on Sunday depending on the inflow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585049", "title": "A cappella by IIM-B students", "text": "BANGALORE: They are known to be head-turners all their lives because of their CAT score, salary packages and their institute's name. Yet again, students of the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore, made the heads turn. This time for coming up with a sudden a cappella at a mall bustling with activity on a weekend.The venue was Meenakshi mall on Bannerghetta Road. The mall was buzzing with activity on Saturday when suddenly, at around 6.20 pm, a group of 50 youngsters walked into the centre stage and started singing. Heads turned, people stopped over, some leaned over the railings from the top floors to see what was happening. People could not understand it fully till they noticed the IIM-B logos on the t-shirts of the singers and the hoardings of an IIM fest placed next to them.It was almost like a flash mob. They walked in unexpected and they were done with their performance even before people could involve themselves. They sang A R Rahman's 'Dil Se' and another Hindi song for around 10 minutes.No instruments were used, instead the vocal chords made the sound of cymbals, percussion, and the base. The crowd was sporty and whistled and clapped along, though at the fag end. Considering that there were no professional singers in the team, the IIM-students managed a good show.The programme was a promo for a cultural fest of IIM-B - Unmaad - due from January 26 to 29. Last year, the students had performed a flash mob in Garuda mall. That was much before flash mobs had become a trend in the country.\"Every time, we come up with something novel to promote our cultural fest. This time we thought of a cappella. It is as effective as a flash mob but has more cultural value. We had watched a live performance when one of the US universities performed on our campus,\" said Souvik Mukherjee, a student.\"After all those classes at the institute, we really needed something to chill out. And this was a perfect stress buster,\" said Tanvi Goenker, another participant.Quote hanger\"Promos keep happening in malls but this was different and that is why we stopped to watch. We were little surprised to see IIM students. We have always thought of them as geeks and have never imagined this other side.\" - Madhumitha S, who was present at the scene with a group of friends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584930", "title": "Four cricket bookies nabbed with Rs 44 lakh cash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of the state director general of police's vigilance squad raided a residence in Kalol town on Saturday afternoon and arrested four for cricket betting with Rs 44 lakh in cash. According to state police officials, this is one of the biggest seizures of cash for a betting case in recent history.According to squad officials, a team led by inspector R L Solanki got a tip-off on Kashyap Brahmbhatt, a resident of Kalol and bookie for cricket betting. Working on the information, the policemen raided Brahmbhatt's residence in Kalol and nabbed him along with Mitesh Nayak, Kartik Khamar and Rakesh Soni, all residents of Kalol. Officials also seized three laptops, two LCD TVs and 19 mobile phones from the spot.\"Brahmbhatt was taking bets on a county cricket match in Australia. Of those arrested, Brahmbhatt has a history of betting-related incidents. The three others were running his network. Interstingly, Khamari is a computer engineer who was roped in to operate three laptops simultaneously to track the ever-changing betting rates. The cash seizure was a highlight of the raid as it is one of the biggest stash seized in recent history. Generally bookies don't keep money at their operating place,\" said a vigilance squad official.All the bookies are caught under Gambling Act which is primarily concerned with card games. The act specifies an act of gambling as an act involving more than one person, played with cash or tokens in lieu of cash and instruments for gambling such as playing cards. According to legal experts, these provisions don't apply to typical betting cases as these are run by one person and don't involve cash or instruments. This is the reason most bookies manage to get released by the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ar rahman is all set to perform in kolkata on january 24. this 5-city concert series is part of 'germany &amp; india 2011-2012", "code": "11589994", "title": "AR Rahman's Kolkata date", "text": "AR Rahman is all set to perform in Kolkata on January 24. This 5-city concert series is part of 'Germany &amp; India 2011-2012: Infinite Opportunities', a 15-month programme that is celebrating 60 years of diplomatic relations between the two nations.The tour coincides with the celebration of the centenary year of Studio Babelsberg, the world's oldest film studio in Germany, and Indian Cinema that were incepted in 1912. From \"Roja\" to \"Robot\", the 100-member strong musical alliance between the German Film Orchestra Babelsberg and students of the KM Music Conservatory, Chennai, will perform orchestral sweeps composed by Rahman for films like \"Bombay\", \" Swades\", \"The Rising, Elizabeth: The Golden Age\" and many more.Commenting on this initiative Rahman had earlier said, \"I am really excited and grateful for this gesture of the Babelsberg Orchestra for doing this tour in India along with our students and kids from the KM music Conservatory. I am sure this will be a new experience to Indian score lovers. It will give them a great opportunity to experience and see how many people are involved in creating huge scores and create a thirst among the younger generation to become orchestral musicians...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584406", "title": "Court protects widow\u2019s pension rights", "text": "KOLKATA: It has taken a high court order to entitle a widow to her pension, sparking a debate whether a woman who had married a man after his retirement could claim dependent's rights. Calcutta high court has not only ruled in the widow's favour, but has declared the company law used for depriving her as contravening the provisions of the Constitution.Shibani Das, 56, was denied the widow pension because Anil Kumar Das, a driver of Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), happened to marry her after his retirement. When her pleas with her husband's employer fell on deaf ears, Shibani moved court in 2008. A fortnight ago, Justice Debashis Kar Gupta passed the final judgment, declaring the sections of the Port Trust Regulation Act on widow pension ultra vires of the Constitution. The company law - as cited by KoPT - bars an employee's widow from getting financial benefits if the marriage took place post superannuation.Anil had retired from KoPT in 1982. His first wife died in 1989, and he remarried the very next year. He died in 2008 at the age of 84. Shibani, his second wife, then aged about 52, approached the KoPT with her pension claims. But the latter refused her claim, citing certain sections of the Port Trust Regulation Act that said that the wife of a man who had married after leaving the organization could not be considered for pension.KoPT reasoned with Shibani that had she married Anil while he was with KoPT, she would have been a natural pension claimant. Or, had his first wife been alive, she would have been allowed the privilege since her name was registered with the company's records.Shibani had no other option but to move court, challenging the sections cited by KoPT. She filed a writ petition in Calcutta high court on November 11, 2008.The matter came up for final hearing a fortnight ago and Justice Kar Gupta delivered the judgment saying that the particular sections of the Port Trust Regulation Act dealing with widow pension go against Article 14 of the Constitution which says that no individual could be discriminated against from availing of pension rights. The court further observed that Shibani was entitled to the pension since her marriage to Anil Das was legal. And, as Anil's legally wedded wife, she was entitled to all the benefits due to a widow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11582923", "title": "Role of sports on human health discussed", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day international seminar on 'Physical education, recreation and yoga', organised by the department of physical education, Banaras Hindu University , concluded on Saturday. A special workshop on Falunda (the Chinese method of meditation) and Yogasanas attracted attention on the concluding day of the seminar.The concluding day of the programme witnessed technical sessions on role of sports on human health, various aspects of sports psychology, ways to improve training in sports, significance of yoga and biomechanics in the day. The session concluded with open discussion on use of physical education in modern society.Presiding over the valedictory function, vice chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, Prof P Nag said the new researches and seminars not only paved ways for scientific development in sports but also promised to raise its level.VK Kumara, registrar, BHU emphasised that physical education and sports helped to create a healthy society. A number of senior faculties including organising secretary, BC Kapari, DK Dureha, Rajeev Vyas and others were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11582848", "title": "13 more nations to get visas on arrival", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of nations whose citizens are eligible for visas on arrival (VoA) in India is likely to be expanded to include 13 countries largely from Europe, south-east and central Asia after a review convened by the PMO felt security conditions need not be a hurdle to promote tourism.Countries that could be offered VoA include Malaysia , Thailand , Brunei , Spain, France, Germany, Sweden , Russia , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , Brazil and South Africa. At the meeting - also attended by officials from other ministries like culture and environment - it was made clear that security cannot be invoked to strike down important government initiatives.In a separate, but related review, government is planning a major boost to skill development by aiming to add a eight-crore-strong workforce over the next five years. A big step in this direction could be introducing vocational study as elective options in classes IX to XII so that credits in these subjects can be counted for university admissions.Home ministry has been asked to work on details of the proposed visa regime in a manner that factors in security concerns by utilizing information-sharing agreements with Asean and the European Union while ensuring that travel to India becomes less hassle-free.Ramping up tourist numbers is seen as a significant revenue earner with 600,000 foreign visitors a year being a miniscule proportion of global tourism. With timely intervention, the sector can grow much faster than the 24 million jobs currently targeted in the 12th Plan. So far, the VoA scheme has registered modest success with over 10,000 visas issued last year.At present, 13 countries whose nationals can avail a visa on arrival include Finland , Japan, Luxembourg , New Zealand, Singapore , Cambodia , Indonesia , Vietnam , the Philippines , Laos and Myanmar . But the list excludes more populous nations even in the Asean who can be tapped for a much larger tourist footfall.Tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai said, \"Government is aware of the urgent need to develop infrastructure to ensure there is adequate connectivity, hotel room availability and facilities for tourists.\" The government is also drawing lessons from European countries that have leveraged tourism to tide over financial woes.The government is also considering a spate of measures to kick start its skill-development programme by roughly doubling the targeted addition of skilled persons from existing 40 lakh a year. This is seen as essential, keeping in mind rapidly growing sectors like tourism, information technology and textiles.The problem of lack of skilled people had caught the attention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during UPA-I, but despite reports being commissioned and submitted, the issue was never quite addressed. Now, the government has initiated a curriculum evaluation that is intended to introduce vocational study as elective subjects in classes IX to XII.In a departure from past practice, study of these subjects will count for students keen on attending university as it is felt that if they can earn credits and keep options open, they might be tempted to take up vocational areas in school itself.On tourism, the PMO has also asked the MHA and the ministry of external affairs to resolve the confusion around restrictions on re-entry of tourists within a 60-day period. The visa rule is likely to be relaxed and a solution reached in the next one month.Besides increasing VoA facility to four additional airports, including Goa, Hyderabad, Kochi and Bengaluru, the PMO has asked the civil aviation ministry to improve the facilities in the existing airports of Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai so that tourists do not have to stand for hours for emigration and other clearances. The ministries of home and civil aviation have also been asked to increase counters and accept immigration fees in both Indian currency and dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11584129", "title": "Prospective tenants turn out snatchers", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 60 years old resident of Sector 7, Panchkula, Maya Devi, lost a part of her gold chain to snatchers on Saturday morning, who reached her place on a black motorcycle, looking for a rented accommodation. The woman said the snatchers appeared to be in their early 20s, and were from well-off families.Additional SHO of Sector 5 police station, Ajay Singh, said, \"Maya Devi was basking in the sun at her house when two youths arrived on a bike, and inquired about a rented accommodation. When Maya Devi reached near them, a youth caught hold of her chain. The woman tightened her grip over her gold necklace, and in the struggle, the chain broke into two. The bikers escaped with one half of the chain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11584632", "title": "Leopardess found dead in Shivni range", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A sub-adult leopardess was found dead under mysterious conditions in Shivni forest range on Saturday evening. Forest officials are yet to ascertain the reason of death, but they have ruled out the possibility of poaching.The carcass of the leopard was noticed by some devotees visiting famous Gaymukh temple near village Singadjhari in the evening and they informed the foresters. A team of forestmen led by Shivni range RFO ND Jadhav rushed to the spot and took possession of the carcass. Jadhav said, \"It was a sub-adult female leopard aged around two and a half years. The carcass appears to be not more than 12 hours old. However, the reason of death is uncertain.\"\"All the body parts of the leopard were intact which rules out the possibility of poaching. There is an injury mark on the back of the beast , but we have not found any sign of fighting with other predator in the area,\" he said.Jadhav said that the leopard might have died due to snake bite, but held that the exact reason would be ascertained after postmortem.Forest officers removed the carcass from the spot for inquest formalities and kept it in Shivni range office where postmortem would be performed on Sunday morning. It is the first incident of a leopard death this year. As many as 12 leopards and four tigers died in the district last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585607", "title": "EC members back Udaipur varsity VC for DAVV top post", "text": "INDORE: The executive council (EC) members of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) reached at consensus on the vice-chancellor on Saturday. The executive council will recommend the name of the vice-chancellor of an Udaipur-based university.As many as 14 out 18 members of the EC who remained tight-lipped previously over the matter disclosed their cards at the meeting on the name of Professor Indravardhan Trivedi, vice-chancellor of Mohanlal Sukhdia University, Udaipur for VC search panel.From the two names of professor Trivedi and A.K Ghatak, the EC members finally reached at a consensus on the name of Trivedi for the search panel after going through the resumes of interested candidates.According to the sources, both the candidates were from different lobbies for which voting took place among the EC members. In the voting, Trivedi defeated Ghatak who received five votes against seven for Trivedi. Two members abstained from voting. Everyone agreed on the name of Trivedi unanimously. The EC will now recommend name of Prof Trivedi for vice chancellorship of the varsity.In the morning, the meeting started a bit late due to unavoidable circumstances. However, later the members started the meeting to finalise the name of EC nominee for VC search panel. Initially the members tried to unanimously decide the name but with two rival groups forced voting, there found the possible solution. The EC meeting which has to take important decision on finalizing the name of the candidate also had 34 issues to discuss. However, only one took issued remained dominating the meeting the whole day.Later, the EC members had a debate with officiating vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal over issuing notification for removing EC members from the existing committees before taking up the orders of coordination committee with EC meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584284", "title": "Ruckus as students don\u2019t find world map in question paper", "text": "LUCKNOW: Confusion and chaos prevailed at the venue of the lower subordinate services (main) examination, 2008 on Saturday. Candidates appearing in the geography examination fumed up when they were told that the Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission (UPPSC), which conducts the exam will not be able provide world map for question number five, and thus, the question stands cancelled. PSC's main subordinate examinations for year 2008 began from January 15 after the results for prelims were declared late.Scheduled from 9.30 am to 12.30 pm on Saturday, candidates created ruckus at the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) building, few minutes after the exam began. As per the students, question number five (in section B), and question number eight (in section C) were map-based. While in question eight, students had to draw the map of India, in fifth question, the Commission was supposed to provide the world map. The failure to provide world map resulted in havoc.\"It's a competitive exam and even 0.5 mark matters. Since, Geography is a low scoring subject, map based questions gives an edge to earn full marks. Moreover, the announcement that the question is cancelled came nearly an hour after the exam started,\" said Pramod who boycotted the exam.Endorsing his views, another candidate said, \"Answering map-based questions hardly take any time. We had already planned out the strategy to answer the questions. Hence, time management was also disturbed.\"Inside the examination hall, candidates raised their voice terming the cancellation of question as injustice done to them. Many candidates submitted their answer books and walked out of the hall. Students alleged that amid confusion, other candidates indulged in copying and thus the sanctity of the exam was already lost. Protesting against the anomaly, candidates threw the question paper. The situation was brought under control after ADM and police reached the spot. As per the reports, nearly 25 candidates boycotted the exam.Admitting the fault, secretary, UP Public Service Commission (UPPSC) BB Singh, said, \"It was an error done on the part of the paper setter. The set of question paper did not carry the instructions of 'map required'. Since, the question papers are sealed and opened only at the exam centre, the mistake was found only after the exam began. At the best, we could cancel that particular question.\" He added that it was an unavoidable circumstance, but the students' conduct was wrong.Centre superintendent, UPPSC, Anil Dixit clarified that no student boycotted the exam. \"Some students tried to boycott the examinations, but situation was brought under control. Candidates were also given extra time to make up for the loss.\"The exam for the recruitment of naib tehsildars, supply inspectors, marketing inspectors and other subordinate posts, consists of three sections, A, B, and C. There are four questions in section A, three each in section B and C. A candidate has to answer minimum of two questions from section A and one each from section B and C. In total, a candidate has to answer five questions. The choice remains with the candidate to pick up questions which he/she feels is easy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11590341", "title": "Host of artists to perform at Sangam", "text": "The Magh mela experience for the denizens of Allahabad this year is going to be different.All thanks to the initiative taken by North Central Zone Cultrural Centre (NCZCC), which is organizing a 10-day cultural fest, 'Chalo Man Ganga Yamuna Teer' near sangam. \"thousands of people come to take a holy dip in sangam during this month long Magh mela period, so this was the best place to host everything and therefore we have roped in a number of artists to entertain the crowd at the mela ,\" avers the senior official at the NCZCC, adding, \"from Manoj Tewari to Tripti Shakya, to Maheshwar Lahri and Ipshita Chatterjee, everyone will be seen performing at this mega event organized keeping in mind the kalpwasis and thousands of visitors at the Sangam.\"This 10-day function will be divided into two sessions, where the first session will start at 3 PM and the second at 5.30. From Birha to folk dances and songs and even the plays, people will get to see a number of performances everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11587649", "title": "Complaint against authors for reading from 'Satanic Verses'", "text": "JAIPUR: A complaint has been filed here against four authors who read from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'Satanic Verses' at the ongoing Jaipur Literature Festival.\"We received the complaint yesterday and are examining it. It is a complaint and no FIR has been lodged so far,\" A Mohammad, SHO of Ashok Nagar police station, today said.The complainant Ashok Kumar has demanded action against Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar , Jeet Thayil and Rushir Joshi for reading from the book on January 20 to protest against the India-born author's cancellation of his visit citing death threats.Meanwhile, sources said that the four authors had left the festival. It was unclear whether they were in the city or not.The organisers had yesterday slammed them by saying that they did not give consent for such actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585823", "title": "Decentralised waste management system not healthy, says IMA", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has warned the authorities against a decentralized waste management system for the city advocated by the state government.Experts at a district seminar organized by the IMA warned the authorities of serious health consequences if they go ahead with the plan.\"The idea proposed by the civic authorities to dig pits and bury the waste in it or to burn the waste in public places will have serious consequences. Burying of waste could contaminate the ground water, especially in a city like Thiruvananthapuram. The burning of waste too is not recommended because the fumes that are produced could be toxic,\" said IMA district president Dr Sreejith.He said that the civic authorities and the government should go for a centralized waste management system where in the plant can be properly monitored and certified.\"If you go for decentralized waste management, there is no guarantee that every person will have a scientific waste management system or a scientific biogas plant. It will also be a difficult task for the agencies like the Pollution Control Board to check these waste management units. Instead, if you have half a dozen centralized waste management units we can ensure safety,\" said Sreejith.The IMA observed that it was not practical to dispose the garbage generated in the households there itself.In fact, the segregation of waste should be done at the source level and waste management should be done at plants set up by the civic authorities.Sreejith said the burning of wastes could trigger serious respiratory disorders. \"Patients suffering from asthma will have serious problems with this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11585547", "title": "Snow cuts off 58 villages from Kullu", "text": "MANALI: It is not just people on the other side of Rohtang and Kunzum passes in Lahaul-Spiti that are cut off from the rest of the nation when winter snowfall arrives. Jalori pass in Kullu has its own connectivity problems as highway passing through it gets blocked in winter.The 10,500-foot high pass connects 32 panchayats of Anni and 26 panchayats of Nirmand tehsils with Kullu. It is buried under 5 to 7 feet of snow at present. The pass has been receiving heavy snowfall for a week now and traffic on its highway is expected to be restored in March or April. This means residents on the other side of the pass can only reach the district headquarters in Kullu by taking Dhami-Suni highway which requires an extra 200km of travel. Some people are also crossing the pass on foot and putting their lives in danger.With Shimla being easier to approach, people from these villages prefer to go there to meet their needs in time of heavy snowfall.Residents said public works department had not been willing to spend money on clearing snow from the pass.\"Government should cut our tehsil from Kullu and link it to Shimla. Winter is like punishment for us. State has not been working towards improving our lives and it has also not tried to develop our area from the perspective of tourism,\" said Ram Dass of Kamand village.A resident of Anni, Hari Chand, said maintenance of Kullu-Anni highway was divided between Kullu and Rampur divisions of PWD. \"Both divisions have their boundaries on Jalori pass and they want the other to do the work. We are close to Shimla, but are bound to go to Kullu for official work. It takes more than 10 hours to reach Kullu. Besides being time-consuming, it is also expensive. State government should find a way of providing us with an all-weather highway.\"Anni-Nirmand SDM Sarvan Manta said Jalori pass has received around 7 feet of snow and the highway was completely blocked. \"We always advise people not to risk their lives by crossing the snowbound pass. Removing snow from the pass is not enough as frost and ice make hairpin bends risky for vehicles. However, we have all essential supplies in store to tackle the winter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584432", "title": "GNIT pip Anjuman for futsal title", "text": "NAGPUR: GNIT Engineering College edged out Anjuman College 2-1 to emerge futsal champions in the All-Engineering Inter-Collegiate tournament, organized by the Anjuman College of Engineering and Technology, at the Anjuman College premises, Sadar, here on Saturday.Prateek Chimankar was the chief architect of GNIT triumph as the young striker struck both the goals. He found the target in the 10th and 15th minutes. Faisal Raza Ansari scored the solitary goal for Anjuman.In volleyball, GH Raisoni College beat hosts Anjuman College 25-11, 22-25, 25-20, 25-22 in an exciting four-game final encounter.DK Agrawal, ex-dean, faculty of engineering, Nagpur University, and M Saleem, principal, ACET, distributed the prizes. Around 20 engineering colleges of Vidarbha participated in the six-day tourney.Singh's five in Indian Gym winRounit Singh took a five-wicket haul as Indian Gymkhana drubbed Nagpur Colts by 82 runs in the Guzder League A Division match organized by Vidarbha Cricket Association at WCL ground on Saturday.Indian Gymkhana, batting first, posted 272 for eight in their 50 overs. Aditya Shaniware top scored with 72 while Ashish Gramjoshi made 37. Rahul Sharma and Sharad Chaple got two wickets apiece for Nagpur Colts. In reply, Nagpur Colts were bundled out for mere 82 runs in 16.2 overs. Singh bowled an attacking line to bag five wickets giving away 39 runs in his eight overs. Atul Waghmade claimed four for 29.Brief Scores: Indian Gymkhana 272-8 (Aditya Shaniware 72, Ashish Gramjoshi 37; Rahul Sharma 2-41) bt Nagpur Colts 82 all out (Rohan Sharma 17; Rounit Singh 5-39, Atul Waghmare 4-29).Bhopal win chess crownManit Bhopal reigned supreme in chess on the second day of the Inter-NIT Sports Meet, organized by the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT), here on Saturday.Hosts VNIT Nagpur finished second. The board prize winners were G Jai Ganesh (NIT Warangal), Mayuresh Huchche (VNIT), Shaunish Goel (NIT Calicut), Praneet Vajpayee (MANIT Bhopal) and Suraj Saxena (MANIT Bhopal).In cricket, VNIT continued their winning spree when the downed NIT Bhopal by 42 runs.ResultFootball: VNIT Nagpur bt NIT Srinagar 2-0; NIT Calicut bt NIT Durgapur 1-0; VNIT bt NIT Bhopal 1-0; NIT Bhopal bt NIT Raipur 1-0; NIT Raipur drew with NIT Srinagar 0-0.Cricket: NIT Srinagar 139-7 bt NIT Durgapur 80; NIT Srinagar 173-4 bt MANIT Bhopal 165; VNIT 173-9 bt NIT Bhopal 131-6; NIT Warangal 160-6 bt NIT Raipur 109-9.Chess (Round 4): NIT Warangal drew with VNIT 2-2; MANIT Bhopal bt NIT Srinagar 4-0; NIT Calicut bt NIT Durgapur 2.5-1.5.Volleyball: NIT Calicut bt NIT Srinagar 25-23, 25-19; NIT Calicut bt NIT Raipur25-23, 25-20.Basketball: VNIT bt NIT Srinagar 32-9; VNIT bt NIT Raipur 60-39.Table Tennis: NIT Silchar bt NIT Raipur 3-1; VNIT bt NIT Silchar 3-2.KTPS beat P&T; by eight wickets: Koradi Thermal Power Station (KTPS) defeated P&T; Nagpur by eight wickets to register their third consecutive victory in Guzdar League B Division match at Koradi ground. tnnBatting first, P&T; was bowled out for 64 runs in 18 overs. The hosts achieved the target in the seventh over by losing just two wickets. Anil Borkar remained unbeaten on 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583968", "title": "Chhattisgarh govt to SC: Review order in Lalu Prasad's DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unusual step, Chhattisgarh government has requested the Supreme Court to reconsider its two-year-old judgment giving relief to RJD chief Lalu Prasad and his wife Rabri Devi in a disproportionate assets (DA) case, in which it had held that the state government had no role to file appeal in a case investigated by the CBI.In the Lalu Prasad case, the apex court had ruled in April, 2010 that the state government could not file appeal against acquittal of the accused even in cases where the CBI refuses to challenge the trial court or High Court's decision favouring the accused. It had dismissed Bihar government's decision to appeal in the HC against the trial court's decision to acquit Prasad and his wife in the DA case.The Raman Singh government, moving the apex court challenging the acquittal of ex-CM Ajit Jogi's son Amit in a 2003 murder case, said the judgment was contrary to the criminal justice system under which the primary authority relating administration of justice vested in the state government.It said under the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, under which the CBI functions, a limited federal jurisdiction in investigation was created. But this did not oust the state government from its role of administering the criminal justice system, including prosecuting for violation of IPC and should, therefore, continue to have a right to appeal an acquittal.\"The decision of the apex court in Lalu Prasad Yadav's case requires reconsideration for not only is it flawed in the manner in which it construed the state, but unwittingly upset the delicate balance between the Union and the State in relation to administration of justice,\" said the state government in its appeal filed through advocate Atul Jha.In the prevailing circumstances where allegations are afoot that closeness to the central dispensation decided how seriously the CBI went after the accused politician, the denial of right to the state to appeal acquittals could seriously dent the criminal justice dispensation system.\"As a result of the 2010 judgment, the power of the state to appeal an acquittal is taken away. A reading of the judgment shows that there are serious legal issues that warrant a reconsideration of the judgment,\" the BJP government said.Though 31 were accused in the murder of a political leader, the trial court in its May, 2007 judgment convicted 29, and acquitted Amit and another person. State government filed an appeal in HC in July, 2007. \"The CBI deliberately and intentionally delayed the filing of appeal by more than three and half years. While the state's appeal was dismissed following the SC's 2010 judgment, the CBI appeal was dismissed on the grounds of delay.\"The question raised by Chhattisgarh government before the apex court is: \"whether the state government is competent to file an appeal against the order of acquittal of main accused in a case which has been investigated by the CBI\".dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583008", "title": "Missing coal tycoon still traceless", "text": "VARANASI: Despite hectic exercise by the police of three states including UP, Bihar and Jharkhand, missing industrialist and coal tycoon Anil Agrawal was traceless even on third day on Saturday.Anil, who hailed from Hazaribag district in Bihar, lived in Sant Raghuvar Nagar Colony in Sigra with his wife. His brother, parents and other family members dwell in Hazaribagh. This family owns several cement factories and they are also involved in coal trade. The family had plans for beginning a new cement factory. To discuss the same plan, Anil had left home by his luxurious vehicle three days back for Hazaribagh.But, when he reached near Hazaribagh, his two mobile phones and also the mobile phone of his driver got mysteriously switched off. When he did not reach Hazaribagh till late night and could not be contacted on his mobile numbers, his family members approached local police.Taking a serious note of their complaint, DIG Ram Kumar ordered Sigra police to lodge a complaint. IG, Range, RP Singh said the police of Bihar and Jharkhand were also contacted immediately.The Special Operation Group and Special Task Force of state police also swung into action. Singh said the case had been transferred to Bihar police and despite all efforts Anil, his driver and vehicle were traceless till Saturday evening. As the police have not received a report by his family regarding any extortion call, it is proving difficult for them to confirm whether it is a case of kidnapping.They are of the view that until Anil is rescued or any phone call for ransom is made, it is difficult to say that he has been kidnapped. In view of the crime history of this region, the police are not taking the matter lightly. It might be mentioned here that leading coal tycoon and treasurer of Vishwa Hindu Parishad Nand Kishore Rungta was kidnapped over a decade back and is still traceless.The involvement mafia don turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari had come to light in such incident. Another coal tycoon Anand Agrawal was also kidnapped several years back but he returned home safely. Apart from them, many industrialists had also been kidnapped in late nineties and the involvement of all those mafia dons presently lodged in different jails of the state had come to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585084", "title": "Anoushka's Indo-Spanish treat", "text": "BANGALORE: With world music being the order of the day, Anoushka Shankar is treading her father Pt Ravi Shankar's footsteps with project 'Traveller', a raga-flamenco journey. It originated with Anoushka's wish to retrace the 1000-year-old bond between the Indian and Spanish musical traditions.Anoushka will present a show of hand-picked Indian and flamenco music on Sunday. The musicians include Sandra Carrasco (vocals), Pirashanna Thevarajah (percussion), Ramon Porrina (percussion), Sanjeev Shankar (shehnai), Alvaro Antona (flamenco guitar), Padma Shankar (violin), classical dancer Shalini Patnaik and Kenji Ota on tanpura. Special guests include Pepe Habichuela on flamenco guitar and Ricardo Mino on the piano.Besides making a name for herself as a sitar player, Anoushka is also known as a composer. She specializes in producing music that blends classical Indian strains with new and exciting fusion, evident in her album 'Traveller'. Her previous CDs 'Rise' (nominated for a Grammy) and 'Breathing Under Water' were a success.Now, 'Traveller' leads the way for a new generation of listeners to be introduced to and enraptured by the music.Boldly passionate flamenco notes with soul stirring Indian instrumentals add up to a deeply-satisfying musical journey. Anoushka will perform at UB City, 6.30 pm, on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11585658", "title": "Seven injured in road accident near Navagam", "text": "RAJKOT: Seven people including three children were injured when their car had a head-on collision with another one near Navagam on Kuvadava Road on Saturday morning.Police said the injured were members of the same family who were on their way to perform funerals of their relative when the accident occurred.\"As per the victims' account, the accident happened when the driver of their car tried to overtake another vehicle and failed to notice the car coming from the opposite direction,\" said an official of Rajkot rural police.The injured included Bhagwati Soni, Ramila Soni, 38, Akash, 12, Saloni Soni, 11, Manthan Soni, 10, and Ramesh Soni, 40, of the Soni family and Allarakha Kachara, 46, who was travelling with the family. They have been shifted to Rajkot Civil Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589979", "title": "Khokababu's day out with kids", "text": "There's no taking a day off after a month of hard work for Tollywood heartthrob Dev. The actor, whose latest film, \" Khokababu\", is making waves, organized a special show for underprivileged kids today at a South Kolkata mall.Recently, Kolkata Traffic Police used \"Khokabau\" as a slogan in its signboards to rein in errant bikers in the city and to spread awareness about the need to wear helmets by kids riding pillion. Soon after, a special screening was held at SRFTI for CM Mamata Banerjee , which earned the actor a lot of praises. The CM even complimented Dev on his physique and dancing skills that left him smiling from ear to ear. But not one to sit on his laurels, Dev had decided to hold a screening of his film for kids.\"Dev, who is extremely fond of kids and even danced with them to the title track in the film, wanted to do something for underprivileged children. Holding a special screening was the best possible option. He took time out from his busy schedule and was seen having a great time with the kids and even shared anecdotes from the film,\"\" says a source present at the mall. Great going, boy!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11589357", "title": "Culling completed in Williamnagar town in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Culling of birds in Williamnagar town of East Garo Hills district, and in 35 villages within 10 km radius of the town has been completed, official sources said today.Culling of birds had started after Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL) confirmed H1n1 virus in blood samples of fowls collected from a government-run poultry farm in the district on January 11.\"Culling and disinfection operation in Williamnagar town came to an end after a final disinfection and decontamination in all 498 households yesterday,\" District deputy commissioner Pravin Bakshi told PTI.An amount of Rs 7,56,231 will be paid to the affected farmers and bird owners from 35 villages within 10 km from the epicentre whose livestock were subjected to culling operation by the authorities, Bakshi said.He, however, said, 15 Rapid Response Teams will be kept in a quarantined designated location in the district headquarter to ward off any possible spread of the virus.Bakshi said, blood samples of fowls from 10 km surveillance area will have to be sent every fortnight for the next two months to High Security Animal Disease Laboratory.Meanwhile, sale, import and export of poultry and poultry products is still banned in the Garo Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11576578", "title": "Dalip Tahil to play Mahatma Gandhi", "text": "Seen in over 150 films, the latest being his cameo in Shah Rukh Khan's Ra.One, theatre, television and film actor Dalip Tahil will now essay the character of Mahatma Gandhi in a play titled Letters to Gandhi slated to open on February 27, 2012 in London .This is the first time the actor will play Gandhi and since he doesn't look like the father of the nation, he is planning on losing around tenkg in five weeks.Talking to Mumbai Mirror, Dalip said, \"I am working on my physicality for the role and am following a particular exercise routine for it.\"However, he said he doesn't want to look too emaciated either, \"I am working hard so that I don't look haggard after the weight loss.\"Talking about his first time as the Gandhi, the actor quipped, \"I feel it's a huge challenge to play Gandhi in a play.\"Letters to Gandhi is a play in aid of the Tata Medical Centre. We wish him all the very best for his role...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585091", "title": "High fever, high spirits", "text": "BANGALORE: Two of the 30 farmers protesting in front of the BDA office had to be rushed to the hospital on Saturday after they developed high fever. The irked farmers have been demanding compensation for their land that has been taken up for the Peripheral Ring Road project.In to the third day of the protest, Jayaram Huskur, 46, and Byadanakere Vijaya Kumar got fever. They have been staging dharna all day in front of the BDA head office, but haven't got any response, either from BDA or CM's office.PRR is a project involving a 65-km road construction from Tumkur Road to Hosur Road, for which 1,988 acres of land have been notified in 65 villages. Though the acquisition notification was issued in 2005, the project has not progressed, leaving farmers in a lurch, as no cultivation can be done on their land.After talks with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda failed three days ago, angry farmers started protesting in front of the BDA office. \"We will continue to protest till we get justice. We need compensation on par with market value. The value of one acre of land in these farm lands varies from Rs 1 crore to Rs 3 crore, whereas the compensation offered by BDA is as less as Rs 20 lakh-Rs 40 lakh per acre,\" said Kodihalli Chandrashekar, president, Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha.The farmers who have come from faraway places are not even allowed to enter BDA premises. They have no option but to use public toilets located more than a km away from the protest site.BDA's retort\"It's not like the BDA or the CM haven't heard them at all. Farmers want their land to be acquired immediately and compensation to be awarded. It requires a policy decision to be taken, and we, BDA officials, cannot do much about it. The government is already mulling over looking into their demands,\" said a senior official of BDA's land acquisition wing.With BDA commissioner Bharatlal Meena away on election duty in Uttar Pradesh, farmers' woes are likely to continue in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11585764", "title": "26 people injured in mishap near Krishnagiri", "text": "SALEM: Twenty-six people, including two women, were injured when a private bus in which they were travelling tried to overtake a government bus and dashed at the rear side of a mini lorry near Bayanapalli on the Krishnagiri-Bangalore NH-7 on Saturday morning.According to inspector P Ellappan of Krishnagir Taluk police station, \"The mini lorry, loaded with 1,365 cartons of beer bottles, was travelling towards a Tasmac godown in Bayanapalli in Krishnagiri from Maduranthakam near Chennai. When the lorry reached near Bayanapalli on NH-7 around 8am on Saturday, a private bus plying towards Krishangiri from Hosur and a Tamil Nadu government's SETC bus from Nagerkoil to Bangalore were proceeding behind it.\"It is reported that the private bus with 40 passengers had tried to overtake the government bus but had hit at the rear side of the lorry due to low visibility over fog. In the impact, the government bus had dashed at the rear side of the private bus.In the mishap, the front and rear side of the private bus got damaged. Fortunately, no casualty was reported in the accident. Municipal administration and rural development minister K P Munusamy visited the accident spot. The injured people were rushed to Krishnagiri government hospital.\"Twenty-five passengers who travelled in the private bus and its conductor S Sikkaraj of Palakode sustained injuries. None of the passengers who travelled in the government bus were injured,\" said Krishnagiri police sub-inspector K Ramamoorthy.However, Deputy Superintendent of Police of Krishnagiri M Ravikumar who visited the accident spot ruled out fog and speed of the buses as reasons for the accident. He said, \"The accident took place when the lorry driver took sudden left without putting an indicator.\"\"Injured M Umarani, K Krishnan, S Venkatesan, R Senthil, D Kaarmugilvannan and A Amsaveni were referred to Bangalore's NIMHANS hospital. The other injured persons were admitted at Krishnagiri GH,\" said Krishnagiri GH police inspector P Thangaraj.The lorry driver was arrested by the Krishnagiri police. \"He was booked under sections 279 (rash driving) 337 (causing hurt) and 338 (causing grievous hurt) of IPC,\" inspector Ellappan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583887", "title": "Soon, national body to procure, distribute organs", "text": "NEW DELHI: After allowing swapping of organs, India is working on another landmark step in organ transplantation: a single apex national organization that will procure and distribute human organs.Union health ministry is setting up the autonomous National Organ Procurement and Distribution Organization (NOPDO) at the Centre and 10 State Organ Procurement and Distribution Organization (SOPDO) under the country's new National Organ Transplant Programme (NOTP). Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, West Bengal, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Thiruvanthapuram, Lucknow and Bangalore have been identified as locations for SOPDO.NOPDO will work towards increasing the availability of organs from cadaver donors, build capacity for retrieval of organs and transplantation and roll out post-transplant services to both recipients and living donors.A Union health ministry official said, \"We intend to bring all organ banks - both public and private - under the NOPDO. The director general of health services is planning the new NOTP. We will meet experts from AIIMS and other organ banks in first week of February. We are also looking to tie up with all private banks.\"Also on the anvil is the Indian Organ Donor Register, enabling individuals to record their legal consent to become an organ or tissue donor after death, at an estimated cost of Rs 100 crore.The Register will ensure that consent (or objection) to donating organs for transplantation can be verified by authorized medical personnel across India. In the event of death, information about the decision will be accessed from the Register and provided to family.\"This registry will have information on all types of organ procurement, matching, distribution, transplantation and complications. It will also maintain entries of transplant centres, transplant surgeons, dialysis physician and dialysis centres,\" a ministry note says.The ministry wants to reward organ donors. Certificate of recognition will be given to donors by the transplant centre. \"Steps would be taken to make provision for diagnostic tests at subsidized cost to transplant recipients and donor patients through the public sector healthcare delivery system. Free annual health check up to living donor and free treatment of all donor-related complications would be promoted,\" it adds.The ministry intends to modify the Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) to make provision for transplantation in private centres with a financial assistance. Financial aid for immuno-suppressant drugs has been kept aside, which would benefit about 5,000 patients annually at about Rs 1 lakh per year.\"Medical Insurance for the donors may be funded by the recipient,\" a ministry says. The official added, \"We want to enhance facilities for organ transplantation throughout India, establish network for equitable distribution of retrieved deceased organs, increase organ availability through change in attitude and facilitating the retrieval of deceased organs, building up human resource like training required manpower. Incentives will also be doled out to transplant donors and recipients on follow up.\"The ministry also intends to establish 10 new facilities for kidney and two for liver transplantation both in public and private sector. Besides, 10 existing kidney and two liver transplantation facilities will be strengthened. The ministry is also increasing networking of the transplant centers for organ sharing. There are about 200 kidney, 30 liver and 14 heart transplant centres in India.\"We will soon conduct training of retrieval team members, transplant surgeon, dialysis physician, nurse, grief counselors and dialysis technician through a structured programme. Leading centres like Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Apollo and Medanta Medicity will be involved in the training programme,\" an official said.\"Deceased organ retrieval is going to be main area for improving supply, although living organ transplant particularly for kidney and liver needs to be continued. More dialysis centres, transplant centres with transplant surgeons and nurses will build up the capacity of improved services. Free or subsidized diagnostic services and immuno-suppressant drug supply for the poor and needy will ensure better compliance and outcome of transplant services,\" a ministry note says.India faces a huge shortage of donated organs. While Spain has 35.1 organ donors per million people, Britain has 27, USA (26), Canada (14) and Australia (11). India's count stands at 0.08 donors per million population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583320", "title": "PIL seeks shrouding of statues of Cong leaders, freezing of party flag", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Allahabad High Court on Saturday seeking direction to the chief election commissioner (CEC) for freezing the flag of the Indian National Congress, restraining its use in campaigning by the party and shrouding statues of Congress leaders as well as those from other political parties.The PIL has been filed by Adivasi Samajotthan Evam Kalyan Samiti, Allahabad, through its president Ram Kumar Maurya. The CEC, Union of India through home secretary, chief secretary of the UP government, Indian National Congress through its president/general secretary, BJP through its president/general secretary and SP, BSP, NCP and RLD through their presidents have been made parties in the PIL. The PIL would come up for hearing on Wednesday. The petitioner, claiming to be a registered society under the Societies Registration Act, has also prayed that the CEC be ordered to issue a circular -- in continuation to its circular dated January 8 -- directing the UP chief secretary to cover the statues of Congress presidents Jawahar Lal Nehru, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and leaders of various other political parties that have been installed at public places at the cost of state exchequer.The EC's January 8 circular had directed for shrouding of statues of BSP chief Mayawati and party symbol elephant in view of state assembly elections. The PIL has also sought that any order of the Election Commission (EC) that creates a distinction between the statues of living and non-living political personalities be quashed.The society further urged for a direction to the opposite parties so that no political party is allowed to use its symbol at any public place during the elections. Also, EC should restrain the Indian National Congress from using the national tricolor for campaigning, the PIL pleaded. \"As flag of the Indian National Congress has been closely associated with the freedom movement and bears a very close resemblance to the national flag, the party has been continuously deriving undue advantage of the glory and legacy of the national freedom movement which is very strongly etched in the minds of people of the country,\" PIL said. tnnThe petitioner, in view of the aforementioned facts, demanded that it would be appropriate for the EC to issue suitable directions for freezing the said flag and restrain the party from using it in campaigning.The PIL further alleged that the Congress could derive publicity through statues of former prime ministers Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, who were also the party presidents, built at the cost of state exchequer all over the country.\"This gives undue advantage to the Congress in UP as well as in other states going to polls. Therefore, all such statues need to be covered with fabric/plastic sheets, etc., so that other political parties are not deprived of a level-playing field,\" the PIL pleaded.The PIL also sought curbs on distribution of bicycles, hand pumps, etc., by political parties at state expense.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584979", "title": "MCI teams visit medical colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Inspection teams of Medical Council of India are visiting Gujarat colleges. After inspection was carried out by at medical college run by Gujarat Cancer Society (GCS), MCI team visited Sumandeep Medical College at Waghodia on Saturday.The MCI inspection is expected to later carry out inspection at Sola Civil Medical College, Gotri Medical College, Vadodara and LG Medical College, Ahmedabad.In February, MCI inspections will be held at medical colleges in Surat, Bhavnagar and Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583047", "title": "Centre files plea against Satyam secy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Expressing its doubts about the integrity of G Jayaraman, the company secretary of Satyam Computers, the Union corporate affairs ministry has filed a petition in the AP High Court seeking a stay on the order of the Company Law Board (CLB) that allowed him to sell his assets. The ministry filed this plea through its registrar of companies (RoC) of Andhra Pradesh rather belatedly and hence urged the court to condone the delay and restore the assets sold away by the company secretary. It has also sought a direction to Mahendra Satyam, the current owner of the firm, not to effect the transfer of the securities held by Jayaraman till the final disposal of the cases filed by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), CBI, Sebi and other investigating agencies.Jayaraman was Satyam's company secretary under its earlier management led by B Ramalinga Raju and continues to hold that position under the current management led by the Mahindras. He was associated with Raju almost since the inception of Satyam. The CLB in its September 2009 order restrained Satyam from selling away the assets held by the top management of the Ramalinga Raju era including Jayaraman. In October 2011, the Company Law Board's principal bench in Delhi vacated the restraint order in respect of Jayaraman. Following this, Jayaraman sold away his assets. Now, the central government is feeling aggrieved over the same.In the petition filed before the HC on Friday, M V Chakranarayan, the registrar of companies, Andhra Pradesh, told the court that Jayaraman had obtained the order from the CLB through misrepresentation of facts. His role in the Satyam scam was clearly established by Sebi in its order delivered on November 29, 2011. The market regulator had described him as a conduit to the fraud perpetrated by the previous management of the company and also slapped a fine of Rs 5 lakh on him, the ROC said.Though the SFIO has not given a clean chit to Jayaraman so far, the CLB relied on a statement stated to have been made by an officer of the SFIO and wrongly construed that Jayaraman was not involved in the scam, the RoC said in the petition. Significantly, the Centre's petition revealed that Jayaraman's role in the diversion and siphoning off funds in the Satyam scam was also under investigation.The registrar of companies, Andhra Pradesh, told the court that Jayaraman had obtained the order from the CLB through misrepresentation of facts. His role in the Satyam scam was clearly established by Sebi.Different agencies are probing this matter now and the CBI's preliminary findings have got nothing to do with it, the RoC said in his petition. The CLB's order, which gave a relief to Jayaraman by allowing him to dispose of his assets, may deal a severe blow to the existing cases filed by SFIO, CBI and other agencies. Taking advantage of the order of the CLB, Jayaraman has already sold away the assets mentioned by him in an affidavit before the CLB earlier, the petitioner said. The role of a company secretary in a company is very important both with respect to organizing board meetings, AGMs, shareholders, depositors meetings etc, the petition says. Jayaraman signed several annual reports earlier, and if he pleads innocence now, it should not be trusted, the petitioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583949", "title": "2G scam: Order reserved till Feb 4 on Swamy plea for Chidambaram's trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Special CBI Court on Saturday wrapped up its hearing on Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's plea seeking prosecution of Union home minister P Chidambaram in the 2G scam .\"Put up for orders on February 4,\" Special CBI judge O P Saini said after Swamy concluded his arguments in support of his allegations against Chidambaram.Swamy said the evidence he had brought on court's record prima facie show that Chidambaram is equally culpable as former telecom minister A Raja, who is facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation scam. \"A Raja and P Chidambaram had committed the offence together. Prima facie Chidambaram had conspired and colluded with Raja to commit offence of criminal misconduct,\" he said.He told the court that the evidence that he had bought before it was sufficient to show that Chidambaram, as the then finance minister, has prima facie committed offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act and other criminal laws.\"It is clear that at this stage all I need to do is to show that evidence brought on record is sufficient to show that Chidambaram, at present not an accused in the case, has prima facie committed offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act and other criminal laws,\" Swamy contended.Referring to the court's October 22 order on framing of charges in the case, Swamy said that offloading of shares by Swan Telecom and Unitech Wireless to foreign firms Etisalat and Telenor respectively was only a \"trick\".\"I can lean on the pillars that the court has provided by its order on framing of charges. The share dilution was only a trick because it permitted licences to be transferred,\" Swamy argued. He also contended that Chidambaram, along with Raja, was empowered by the October 2003 Cabinet decision to discuss and finalize spectrum prices.\"Since he (Chidambaram) had colluded, conspired and consented with Raja, he did not call for a Cabinet meeting although the officers (of ministry of finance) had kept Chidambaram apprised of the whole thing,\" Swamy argued.On January 7, Swamy had completed recording of his statement and had deposed that Chidambaram was also \"guilty of breach of trust of national security\" as he had not disclosed that Etisalat and Telenor, to which Swan Telecom and Unitech Wireless had diluted their shares, were blacklisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585428", "title": "NCP emerges stronger as politicians rebel", "text": "MUMBAI: Low-profile Thane MP Anand Paranjape, once a trusted aide of Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, leads the list of more than 25 prominent politicians who have either joined rival political parties or set the stage for a defection in the run up to the elections to the municipal corporations and zilla parishads across the state.As politicians engage in a game of musical chairs, the worst-hit party appears to be the BJP, which has lost Pandit Anna Munde-the brother of veteran BJP leader and MP Gopinath Munde.A week ago, he expressed his allegiance to the NCP and joined the party in the presence of senior NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Incidentally, Gopinath's nephew, Dhananjay Munde, who is a legislator, shared the dais with Ajit Pawar. He has challenged the BJP leadership to either suspend or expel him for 'anti-party' activities.Paranjape has not officially joined the NCP, but his presence at NCP chief Sharad Pawar's media briefing has stunned the Sena. A few days prior to his meeting with Pawar, Paranjape was at Matoshree when NCP leader and MLC Subhash Bhoir, as well as Thane corporators Dashrath Patil and Sudhir Bhagat, defected to the Sena.Ajit Pawar has drafted an ambitious plan to engineer defections not only from the BJP and Shiv Sena, but also from the Congress. He succeeded in securing the entry of leading politicians to join the party. Former minister from Nashik Tukaram Dighole, former legislator Rajabhau Deshmukh, senior Congress leaders from Marathwada, Balasaheb Patil, D N Shelke and Manohar Patwari have joined the NCP.Another two-term Congress legislator, Pushpasen Sawant has also defected along with seven-term Congress MP Uttamrao Patil. A few months, ago Ajit Pawar successfully secured the entry of Sena legislator Kiran Pawaskar. The Congress's biggest coup is the allegiance of BJP corporator Pravin Chheda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583916", "title": "Visitors try to figure out rusted signs at MIDC", "text": "NASHIK: In the absence of proper maintenance, signboards put up at places at Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) are causing inconvenience to visitors, including truckers, prompting the industries' association to demand that the signboards be replaced with new ones.There are two MIDC industrial areas on the outskirts of Nashik city: Satpur and Ambad. Around 3,500 small, medium and large industries are operational in these areas. Most of the signboards put up by MIDC here are spoilt and the letters are not visible. This causes inconvenience to those visiting the areas.A delegation of industrialists, led by the president of Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Dnyaneshwar Gopale recently met the executive engineer (Nashik division), MIDC, Shivaji Tupe and sought repairs and renewal of the old signboards.\"The signboards have become very old and tattered and the letters on them are not visible. This inconveniences visitors looking for directions to a particular industry. Hence, we have urged MIDC to repair the signboards. MIDC officials have assured us of replacing the signboards,\" Gopale told TOI.\"The companies in the 'W' sectors are located at four different places in Ambad. How will a visitor figure out how to reach the intended location? Visitors will end up wasting a lot of time and fuel if they don't have the proper address. Signboards would have made this process much easier. The signboards currently put up by MIDC in the industrial areas of Ambad and Satpur are more than 20 years old and some of them have become completely unreadable. The letters on the signboards are not visible,\" said an industrialist.When contacted, MIDC's executive engineer for the Nashik division, Shivaji Tupe, said, \"We repair and renew the signboards in industrial areas after every three to five years. We are planning to revamp the signboards after the end of the election code of the conduct. The tenders for renewal or repairs of the boards will be floated after the elections.\"Apart from AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale, the delegation of industrialists included AIMA General Secretary Suresh Mali, Madhukar Bramhankar, Unmesh Kulkarni, Rajendra Ahire, Sunil Jadhav and Santosh Mandalecha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584668", "title": "'Winnability, loyalty will determine Congress candidates'", "text": "PANAJI: \"Family quota, winnability, loyalty to the party,\" these factors will be considered while finalizing the list of candidates for the assembly elections by the Congress central election committee, said Goa pradesh Congress committee president Subhash Shirodkar.\"The central election committee will take a decision on family tickets,\" he said adding that the Alemao family has asked for four tickets and two each have been demanded by Pratapsingh Rane, Atanasio Monserrate, Panduranga Madkaikar and Ravi Naik family.Shirodkar also said that the Congress high command has appointed people to collect, review and analyse relevant data from all constituencies and said that based on this, a decision would be taken. \"In one or two constituencies they may allot tickets outside the Congress list,\" he added.He said that the Congress screening committee is scheduled to meet on January 24 and that the Congress central election committee may meet either on the same day or on the next day to finalize candidates. \"Once both these meetings take place, the first list of Congress candidates will be out by next week,\" he said adding that till date the Congress party has not taken any decision on candidates in any of the constituencies.He said that until the screening committee report is sent to the election committee and is cleared by the all India Congress committee president Sonia Gandhi, the Congress list will not be finalized.He also said that a decision on the seat sharing between Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress is expected by January 25. He said that a decision on an alliance with the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) is also expected by next week.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11591037", "title": "One security guard opens fire at another", "text": "NEW DELHI: A security guard of a known builder allegedly shot at another guard in west Delhi following argument over parking of vehicles on road, police said today.Rajbir Sharma, the security guard of the builder who earlier worked with Home Guards, was apprehended while he was trying to flee after allegedly firing at a security guard Naresh in East Punjabi Bagh last night, V Renganathan, Additional Commissioner of Police (West), said.Sharma is an employee of Metro Security Services and is currently working as a personal security guard of the builder in East Punjabi Bagh.\"In the past, both of them had arguments over the parking of vehicles on the roadside. They entered into an argument last night again over the parking issue and Sharma opened fire at Naresh who got hit on his leg,\" Renganathan said.Sharma has a licensed .32 bore revolver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11585762", "title": "Leopardess trapped", "text": "MYSORE: A leopardess, which had strayed into human habitat at Hallada Manuganahalli near Mysore, was trapped by forest department officials on Saturday morning. This is third time a wild cat has been nabbed in 15 days in and around Mysore.The one-year-old leopardess used to frequent the villages, creating fear among the residents. There were complaints about missing sheep while few stray dogs too were reportedly prayed upon by the leopardess. Fifteen days ago the leopardess had strayed into the village. On Saturday morning, the leopardess resurfaced again when it was trapped. The trap was shut as soon as it leopard entered the cage and it was captured alive. Forest officials took leopardess into custody.\"We came to know about the leopardess being trapped early on Saturday the morning and immediately our staff rushed to the spot. The leopardess was released deep into the forest of the Bandipur National Park,\" said Devaraj, DCF. For successful operation public also play an important role. Hence, in the coming days, if villagers come across any wild animals or elephants they should make it a point to pass on the information immediately to the forest officials. By this, they are helping the smooth conduct of operation in rescuing the wild animals, added Devaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585141", "title": "At least one family member consumes tobacco, liquor in 10 dists: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: In 10 districts of the state, tobacco and liquor are consumed by at least one person in majority of the houses. Experts say, in India tobacco is the main cause of cancer.The survey was conducted by HUNGaMA in 10 districts of the state covering 11,319 children, 7,683 mothers and 7,674 households.During the survey, it was found that at least one member of a family consumes liquor or tobacco in 82% houses in Baran district. In Kota, the figure is as high as 88%. At least one member of a family consuming tobacco/liquor in Karauli is 82%. In Banswara it is 61% and 54% in Barmer. In Bharatpur, it is 65%, Dholpur 85%, Dungarpur 67%, Jaisalmer 71% and Jhalawar 76%.The data is generated from what the mothers said in response to the HUNGaMA survey questionnaire.These are the districts in the state where the health indicators are not so encouraging.Dr Virendra Singh, head of division of allergy &amp; pulmonary medicine, SMS Medical College, Jaipur, said, \"It is seen that in families (in lower class) where tobacco and liquor are consumed, the cases of malnutrition increases. Because the money is spending on tobacco and liquor, no money left for nutritious diet.\"\"Because of tobacco consumption, the cases of lungs, mouth and throat cancer have increased in the state. In India, tobacco is the main reason for all such cancer,\" he said.These are the districts, where the medical, health and family welfare department are putting efforts to improve the health indicators like increasing institution deliveries, immunization and to reduce infant mortality rate and maternal mortality ratio.According to WHO data released last year, consumption of cigarette and bidi is higher than the national average in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11585760", "title": "Yoga instructor arrested for attacking bus conductor", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 47-year-old yoga instructor from Saibaba Colony landed in jail on Saturday after he attacked a bus conductor for not giving him back the balance amount of the fare in time.According to police, G Mahesh, hailing from Theni, lives alone in a rented house in Saibaba Colony and works as a yoga instructor. A bachelor, Mahesh is also running a yoga research centre.On Friday night, he boarded a Maruthamalai-bound TNSTC bus from Gandhipuram and took a ticket to Saibaba Colony. He gave Rs 10 to the bus conductor and the fare was Rs 9. Conductor Periyasamy told Mahesh that he would give the balance one rupee some time later as there was no change. There was a huge crowd in the bus and the conductor forgot to give back the one rupee.As soon as the bus reached Saibaba Colony bus stop, Mahesh engaged in a verbal duel with the conductor. Though the conductor apologized and tried to give back the amount, Mahesh continued to ridicule him. Even conciliatory efforts of fellow travellers failed. Unable to control his emotions, an angry Mahesh soon started attacking Periyasamy, in which the right shoulder of the conductor dislocated.Soon the bus driver and fellow travellers took the yoga instructor to the nearest police station. Police have arrested him under various sections of CrPC. Periyasami was admitted later to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584572", "title": "Railway board advises carrying of ID during journey", "text": "PANAJI: Passengers with a tatkal or e-ticket are required to carry an original proof of identity during the course of their rail journey. The railway board has decided that any passenger who has booked tickets issued from the computerized passenger reservation system and the internet will have to carry identity proof and produce the same as and when required, failing which the passengers will be treated as without ticket and charged accordingly.These instructions will come into effect from February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584791", "title": "Mamata meets Siddiqullah at Writers\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee on Saturday moved a political counter-stroke against ally Congress by meeting Jamait Ulema-i-Hind leader Siddiqullah Chowdhury.Chowdhury, who stood by Mamata during the Nandigram movement but later parted ways, was full of praise for the chief minister and called the Congress \"ungrateful\".Briefing reporters at Writers', he said, \"The chief minister is trying to do a lot of work for the state. We shall extend all support. There is no alternate power centre in Bengal.\"When asked if his party would line up with the Congress like it did during the assembly elections, Chowdhury said, \"Congress is ungrateful. They have treated us very shabbily. They won 40 to 60 seats because of us.\"When asked if he was planning to tie-up with the Trinamool in the panchayat elections next year, Chowdhury said, \"There is no last word in politics. Congress is directionless but the time for forging an alliance with the Trinamool hasn't come yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583183", "title": "Tipplers keep govt in high spirits", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thanks to an enormous contribution by tipplers in the state, the excise and prohibition department has topped in revenue collection for the first nine months of this financial year. In fact, excise followed by stamps and registration, are the only two departments to exceed the targets set for them at the beginning of the year.According to excise figures, the department recorded 104% sales by earning Rs 6,840.70 crore till December end. This, against the set target of Rs 9014.14 crore excluding sales tax and CMRF (Chief Minister's Relief Fund) for the entire financial year. According to sources, the government is hoping to net another Rs 2,200 crore in the next three moths. Apart from this, AP Breweries Corporation contributes another Rs 2,500 crore in the form of commission raised by the distilleries and over Rs 2,000 crore in the form of VAT on the liquor products.In all, till December, the Indian Made Liquor (IML) sold over 49 lakh cases while the sale of beer touched 34.8 lakh cases in the state. Among the whisky brands, in the cheap category, Bagpiper No. 1, DSP Regular and Original Choice topped the list while in the regular category Officer's Choice, McDowell's Brandy topped in sales. In the middle category brands, McDowell's No. 1, Classic Blend Whisky, ACP and Seagram's Imperial Blue recorded more sales than others. In the premium categories, Seagram's Royal Stag and Signature whisky and, in the higher segments, Blenders Pride, 100 Pipers and Teacher's brands are the most prominent brands, according to the excise department statistics.And with the popular brands having already saturated their quota for the year, the state has decided to allow an additional 183 lakh litres of these liquor brands to be distilled in the remaining months of this financial year over and above the already fixed annual capacity.\"The income from liquor is surging ahead and creating new record every year. This may be due to growing consumption among the youth in the state which is nearly 50% of the total population as per the 2011 census,\" is how a senior revenue department official explained the high liquor sales.However, the opposition is crying foul over the liquor policy of the state, especially over the fact that many outlets are charging much more than the maximum retail price (MRP). \"Every family in the state is spending more than Rs 4,000 per month on liquor. There is no government control on the liquor sales or the rates,\" lamented D V Rao, opposition leader in the AP Legislative Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584057", "title": "Aruna Roy slams govt for challenging HC ruling on minimum wages", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Advisory Council (NAC) member Aruna Roy has slammed the government's decision to oppose pegging rural employment guarantee wages lower than minimum wages as \"shocking and grossly insensitive\".In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Roy said the move is unmindful of the concerns of the country's poor.Roy, a prominent member of the Sonia Gandhi-led Council and one of the brains behind the Act, has protested against the UPA's decision to challenge in the Supreme Court the Karnataka HC order that said that no MNREGA worker could be paid less than the minimum wage, and ordered that the workers be paid the state minimum wages. She urged the PM to immediately withdraw the Special Leave Petition in the apex court.The decision to challenge the HC order was taken after the rural development minister Jairam Ramesh sought to defend the decision, but was overruled.\"The GOI has in fact chosen to ignore the interim orders of both the High Courts, and been in contempt of the interim order of the AP High Court for over two years. It is an irony that the poorest and most disadvantaged workers in this country are not provided the most basic protection that must be provided to every worker in the country,\" Roy has written.\"I am deeply distressed, dismayed, and shocked ...This decision reflects the gross insensitivity of the Central government towards the rights of the country's poor,\" she added.Many have pointed out that enforcement of wage rates under the employment programme sets a benchmark for the labour market in hinterland, and prevents exploitative low rates.Roy, too, backed the argument, saying, \"When the GOI as an employer asserts that it is not obliged to pay minimum wages on government works, it loses its moral authority to enforce the minimum wages Act, and gives a message to all exploitative industry, big landlords, and private sector employers that minimum wages can be violated with impunity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583018", "title": "Who will take the salute at R-Day march?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raj Bhavan officials are busy readying the speech to be delivered by governor in the state capital on January 26. But even as they do so, they are not clear in their mind about who will be the governor who will read out these lines and take the salute of the Republic Day march. Governor E S L Narasimhan's five-year tenure will come to an end on January 25. As of now it is not clear if the UPA government will give him an extension or ask the governor of any neighbouring state to stand in. A gubernatorial reshuffle is expected in March after the results of elections in five states are announced. Many expect that Narasimhan's term could be extended temporarily by a few months till the reshuffle is effected.Narasimhan was appointed governor of Chhattisgarh on January 25, 2007. However, after Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari got embroiled in a sleaze controversy and was forced to quit, Narasimhan took over as governor of the state on January 22, 2010. Thus of his five-year tenure, Narasimhan would complete two years in Andhra Pradesh as on Sunday.A former IB chief, Narasimhan enjoys the confidence of Union home minister P Chidambaram but his penchant for sending law and order reports to the Centre with very strong observations and his holding frequent meetings with state bureaucrats and police officers have ruffled the feathers of many state politicians. Former chief minister K Rosaiah was said to be of the view that it were the negative reports sent by Narasimhan to the Centre on the Telangana agitation that unseated him from the CM's chair.Incumbent chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy too has not been very comfortable with the active role being played by the governor in the state administration. \"There was no need for the governor to meet ministers Sabita Indra Reddy and Mopidevi Venkata Ramana after their colleague P Shankar Rao leveled corruption charges against them. Narasimhan has also been holding Praja Darshans in which the general public can meet him without prior appointment. On January 1 this year, he held one such event. He has also upset Kiran Kumar by rejecting the latter's candidate R Dilip Reddy as member of the AP Administrative Tribunal as well as recommendation of names for vice-chancellor posts of several universities,\" said a CM aide.The Telangana Rashtra Samiti too has not been happy with Narasimhan and has termed him as being 'anti-Telangana' and charged him with sending reports against the separate state movement. Telangana leaders from other political parties too have dubbed Narasimhan as anti-Telangana. \"But with normalcy appearing to be returning to the state, will the Centre prefer to give him an extension or bring in a new governor is the moot question,\" said sources.History, however, is not with Narasimhan as of the 21 governors the state has had so far, nobody has managed a second term. Only two of them,C Rangarajan and Kumudbhen Joshi, served their full five-year tenures. The tenure of the remaining governors lasted from one year to three years. On the flip side, Narasimhan has served only two years in the state. \"The suspense will hopefully end in the next couple of days,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11583107", "title": "FNR urges Naga groups to rise above factional strife", "text": "DIMAPUR: In the wake of the recent factional feuds between the NSCN groups, the Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR) on Saturday said the recent events, like past divisions and lethal hostilities between erstwhile comrades in arms, have brought the Naga cause into grave disrepute and created great public disillusionment and fear.Stating that violence committed by any group is detrimental to the reconciliation process, the FNR raised questions on Naga solidarity , nationhood and the Naga commitment to Christian values.The FNR urged those involved in the recent confrontation to address the pressing issues and circumstances that precipitated the violence and the underlying factors that led to the state of affairs.\"We sincerely hope that those involved in this most recent spate of violence will reflect on this and view their actions and its consequences within the broader Naga worldview and how it is affecting the people and the Naga desire for reconciliation, unity and peace,\" it said.It further called upon the signatories of the 'Covenant of Reconciliation' to take immediate steps to address the present situation and bring the Naga reconciliation process back on track. \"The Naga people seek your political wisdom and acumen to rise above narrow politics and embrace a statesman-like approach for the common good of all Nagas,\" it said.Appealing to all Nagas to be vigilant against internal and external forces that seek to weaken and destroy the Naga reconciliation process, the FNR called upon Naga political groups to honestly uphold and pursue the commitments made during the 'Naga Reconciliation: A Journey of Common Hope' and to fulfill the aspirations of the people which was pledged before God and the Naga people.The FNR said the last few years of the Naga reconciliation process has shown that Naga political groups have the ability to address issues through dialogue and non-violence. \"There is no reason to turn to violence as a means of resolving differences. Not only will it widen the gulf between Naga political groups, but the factional infighting will alienate the common Naga man and woman further away from the Naga cause,\" it added.The FNR said the Naga society cannot afford to allow itself to be further weakened by internal political strife at a time when they are faced with modern challenges, adding, it is necessary to find a common political ground .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583152", "title": "Election hampers studies as teachers go on poll duty", "text": "VARANASI: The busy schedule of teachers in the wake of upcoming assembly elections is also threatening to hamper studies even as the current academic session in nearing completion.While a majority of teachers have been engaged in election duty, the rigorous training of booth-level officers (BLOs) and the urgency of providing election photo identity cards (EPIC) to every voters whose name have been included in the voter list is delaying studies in the schools.According to Viresh Mishra, one of the teachers of government primary school in Nagwa ward, the teachers are hardly getting any time to take classes as the election date has been announced. There is immense pressure to distribute the EPIC to all eligible voters before or on January 25 this year which is also going to be celebrated as the Voter's Day. In addition, the teachers deputed as BLOs are undergoing intensive training programme to ensure free and fair elections.If the upcoming assembly elections are giving sleepless nights to teachers, the other involvements like census have already disturbed the studies. Even if it were the census work alone, it would not have hampered studies, but other work like engagement of government teachers in Bal-Gadna (identifying children in the 6-14 years age group) and making them enroll in schools for three months (June to August) has also disturbed the studies.\"In addition, delayed distribution of free books (in October last) has also hampered the studies, increasing pressure on teachers to complete course before the closure of academic session, added Sunil Pandey,\" one of the teachers in Sonarpura.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587931", "title": "Mitali Nag gets nostalgic", "text": "Television actress Mitali Nag who plays the lead role in Raakesh Paswan's Afsar's Bitiya recently had a nostalgic moment when she shot at the same location in film city where Deewar film's famous scene \"Aaj Kkush toh Hoge Tum sequence was shot.Well, any actor would have loved to shoot at a location where Mr Bachchan shot in the past.She confirms, \"It was a fantastic feeling to shoot at the same location of Deewar where famous scenes was shot. I love Amitabh Bacchan to the core. I have seen almost all his films. He is a superstar in all means. I feel very nice shooting in the same temple where Deewar was shot in film city. I am surely going to catch up on time and watch the film on DVD soon.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584582", "title": "Brass yet to free PSIs from election duty", "text": "PANAJI: Almost a week after it was decided at a meeting headed by DGP Kishan Kumar that the police would rope in staff from the central pool, such as the Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB), for election-related work to ensure that regular crime investigation is not affected, nothing has been done.PSIs posted at the police station continue to be stuck with election duty. With the election commission demanding that PSIs be posted with flying squads, most of the police stations are left with just one PSI. In three police stations in North Goa there is no PSI, while in South Goa, there are just 26 PSIs, out while 34 PSIs have been posted for poll duty.The result: Crime detection has dropped and the PSIs on election duty are overburdened as they have been requested to also help with regular policing work. \"It is becoming really difficult for us. We have a backlog of cases and can't investigate them. At the same time, it is expected that besides election duty, we also investigate cases as and when possible,\" said a PSI who has been allotted election duty.A police station normally receives at least five non-cognizable complaints, two-three missing complaints, one-two motor vehicle accident cases and several RTI and other applications on a daily basis.The EC has sought 66 PSIs-32 or 39 in the North and 34 of 26 in the South-to be posted with the flying squad under each police station. The PSIs are also being posted with the static surveillance team that will man check-posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11584532", "title": "PWD, contractor in dock for violation of election code", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa police on Saturday registered an offence against the public works department (PWD) and a PWD contractor for the alleged violation of the model code of conduct in force in the state due to the ensuing assembly election.K S Muralidharan, senior executive magistrate for expenditure monitoring for Tivim constituency, in his complaint to the Mapusa police stated that the PWD, through its contractor, undertook work of placing floor tiles in private houses at Bharvanwada in Kamurlim-Mapusa prior to January 18. Muralidharan received a call via the flying squad that public machinery was being used for private work.Mapusa police inspected three-four houses where the tile-placing work was allegedly being undertaken at the cost of the state treasury. Police recorded the statements of the people involved, but they claimed that they had undertaken the work at their own expense and that the contractor associated with the PWD was engaged as he is the local contractor. Police registered the case under Section 171 (e) of the IPC (punishment for bribery) read with Section 188 of the IPC. No arrest has been made in the case so far and police say that if sufficient evidence is found, arrests would follow. A further investigation is in progress under the supervision of police inspector Vishwesh Karpe.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584968", "title": "Reunion at CN Vidyalaya after 50 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 1962 batch of old SSC of CN Vidyalaya high school will meet after 50 years on Sunday. The students, who are in their mid-60s, will meet as part of a unique alumni meet to be organized in the school.The highlight of the meet would be the felicitation programme to be held for seven teachers who taught these students. \"All the seven teachers are between 84 and 87 years of age. We have traced them and requested them to attend the meet which will see lot of reminiscing and walking down the memory lane,\" said Shriyak Sheth, one of the students of the 1962 batch.Gaurav Sheth, who practices as a chartered accountant, said a large number of batch-mates are settled in Mumbai and will be flying down to attend the reunion organized after half a century.The teachers to be felicitated include Ishwar Patel who taught maths, and Rikhavchand Shah and Kapila Parikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585153", "title": "Raids on milk sellers continue, many flee", "text": "JAIPUR: With the district administration intensifying its drive against adulterated milk, many milk sellers fled from the scene leaving behind their cans of milk during raids on Saturday. The medical, health and family welfare department along with district administration established a check post near Harmada police station to take samples of milk being supplied to the city from Sikar and Chomu areas.The officials stopped a vehicle in which 34 drums of milk was loaded. Six drums belonged to Ramkaran and Phoolchand. But, the owners of other 28 drums fled from the scene. The officials waited till late night for the owners. \"We cannot take samples of milk in the absence of the owners. We expect that the milk is adulterated because the owners fled. We will wait for some more time and will take a decision about what to do next,\" said UD Khan, district supply officer.The officials stopped all the vehicles carrying milk from Chomu and Sikar. They claimed that a good amount of milk is supplied from Chomu and Sikar, which is why they checked the vehicles at Harmada police check post. This is for the second time when the sellers of milk fled in the last two days.During mobile laboratory tests it has also been found that adding water in milk is a common practice. The mobile laboratories tested 48 samples on Saturday and found that 22 were adulterated between 20% and 50% with water. The teams of medical department and district administration also collected samples from Murlipura, Jagatpura, Tonk Road and other areas of the city. The officials said that the raids would continue, as they are being carried out after the high court reprimanded the state government on milk adulteration issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11585004", "title": "Eligibility test for principals in February", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eligibility test for candidates wishing to apply for position of principals in government primary schools will be held in February.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials said that there are 5,000 positions of principal in primary schools for which recruitment will be held soon. Candidates will have to clear the eligibility test that has been introduced this time.The eligibility test will be held either in the second or third week of February. The candidates will have to score minimum 50% in both the papers. However, they would be considered eligible only if their average score in both papers is 60%.Candidates who have five years of teaching experience can apply for the position of principal in government primary schools.Education secretary R P Gupta said the test will allow the education department to choose candidates with higher qualification and having the right attitude and aptitude for school teaching and administration in order to improve the overall quality of primary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585090", "title": "No information on Rushdie threat: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Author Salman Rushdie may have called off his visit to the Jaipur Literature Festival citing threat to his life from the Mumbai underworld, but police here on Saturday denied any such information. \"Mumbai police have not come across any such information,\" Deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli told agencies. He refused to further comment on the matter.The Satanic Verses author had on Friday sent a written statement, which was read out by the organisers of the festival in Jaipur, calling off his visit. The author, who had attended the festival in 2007, had also vented his ire on Twitter: \"Very sad not to be at jaipur. I was told bombay mafia don issued weapons to 2 hitmen to 'eliminate' me. Will do video link instead. Damn.\" The proposed visit had also acquired political overtones in view of elections in five states in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11584178", "title": "Traffic cops to play 'Yamraj' for drunk drivers", "text": "GURGAON: Traffic police will showcase a display on the menace of drunk driving on Republic Day. To this effect, a policeman donning the attire of Yamaraj, the death god, will ride a buffalo with the slogans saying that drunk driving is the sure shot way to meet him quickly.The selection of the offence has great significance for the city as it causes many fatal accidents here.Cops are planning to make it as catchy as possible in order to send the message home to a larger public. The whole set-up will be put up on a trolley and will be a part of the Republic Day exhibition.Besides that, another display will focus on the achievements of the traffic police during the past one year.The police have called a meeting on Tuesday to finalize the details of the exhibitions. Cops are also keen on including citizen volunteers (road safety officers) in the parade, as they have also been consistently assisting cops in carrying out various initiatives.A senior cop, however, said that would depend on how many were willing to participate as the parade would require rigorous training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11587075", "title": "Congress backs Rahul but BJP distrustful of Varun: Book", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new book on Rahul Gandhi makes a comparison between him and his cousin who, it feels, is \"practically isolated\" in his party BJP.\"To a large extent, it boils down to the choices which Rahul and Varun and their fathers or mothers have made. While Rajiv enjoyed the goodwill of the people, Sanjay was almost hated for his policies,\" the book titled 'Rahul' by journalists Jatin Gandhi and Veenu Sandhu says.\"While Rahul makes an extra effort to be seen as secular, Varun has done just the opposite. While the Congress would like nothing better than to see Rahul as Prime Minister of India, the BJP remains distrustful of Varun because he is, at the end of the day, a Gandhi,\" it says.The book notes that BJP leaders have often pulled up Varun for his deviation from party line. \"In Rahul's case, any variance becomes the new party line,\" it adds.While one is \"openly celebrated\" by the party as its next Prime Ministerial candidate, the book says, \"the other (Varun) often stands practically isolated within his party\".On Rahul's 'Mission 2012', the book says that he hoped to \"re-jig\" Mayawati's social engineering formula to regain his party's winning combination in UP though Congress winning 21 seats in 2009 general elections from UP made the BSP chief to focus on wooing Dalits and Muslims even at the cost of losing Brahmin votes.After launching the party's efforts to regain hold in UP, the book says the Congress, just like the BSP, hoped to select candidates for the 2012 Assembly elections in 2011.However, it says, \"after the Congress suffered heavy losses in Bihar (assembly polls), the party cadres which had been working on the grand plan to wrest UP from Mayawati seemed to lose direction.\"The book notes that Bihar assembly results in 2010 showed that Rahul's formula of doing away with alliances had boomeranged on the party.The book also points out that his performance in Parliament in the current Lok Sabha is dismal as he spoke only once since May 2009.\"From May 2009 till the Monsoon session of 2011, Rahul had not asked a single question...MPs from other parties had, on an average, asked 119 questions in the two years of 15th Lok Sabha...He had performed better as a first time MP in the UPA-I but only in comparison to himself,\" it says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11590393", "title": "A new band, Indian House Mafia", "text": "Indian house mafia is a modern electronic fusion, a group that composes and performs music in hindi, punjabi, english etc. \"The idea behind this was to create a new sound, dance oriented yet Indian in every way,\" shares Sukhbir.Just a month old, and the trio have already released two originals and a third one which is all set to be released tonight. \"Once we have a count of eight songs, we plan on releasing an album,\" adds Sukhbir. \"And with Sukhbir with us, who can sing in nine different languages there is no turning back,\" informs DJ Aqeel.Indian House Mafia have had a few shows, the major one being a wedding in Delhi. They mostly spin house music at their performances.How did the three of them collaborate? The cheers goes to Aqeel. \"Suketu and myself are both DJs, whereas Sukhbir is one of the most powerful vocal performers. With the shows we had, we got to know each other well and have been really close friends since then,\" he shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584712", "title": "Railway engineer slapped", "text": "PATNA: An assistant engineer of Danapur railway division, K K Sinha, on Saturday lodged a written complaint with the Khagaul police station, alleging that a contractor and his associates slapped him at Dumraon in Buxar district. Sinha had gone to Dumraon to check the quality of construction materials where a contractor and his associates allegedly slapped him. Khagaul police station SHO Kamod Prasad said that Sinha has lodged a complaint to this effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583046", "title": "UP elections: Nomination process begins amidst protests", "text": "VARANASI: The nomination process started with the filing of nomination papers by a candidate of a lesser known political party on Saturday while over 40 nomination forms were purchased from the nomination offices constituted for the eight assembly constituencies on Collectorate campus.The nomination process for the third phase assembly polls started from Saturday and would continue till January 28. But, the process began amidst massive protests by the passersby, especially lawyers.To ensure that no candidate carried out a procession within a 100 meter radius of the nomination offices, the district administration and police made tight security arrangements. As a result, the roads leading to the Collectorate gates were blocked by barricading and barriers at points like Golghar Crossing and Circuit House.The traffic was also being diverted from Varuna Bridge, JP Mehra Road, Police Lines and Bhojubir. Due to it not only was regular traffic going towards airport, Bhojubir and city areas was affected but even the lawyers were stopped from heading towards Kuchehri with their vehicles. Angered by the restriction, the lawyers went on a rampage.It resulted in exchange of heated words and clash-like situation with policemen and CRPF personnel at various barriers and diversion points. Situation normalised after the police relaxed the diversion plans and allowed the lawyers and also their two-wheelers on the routes. But, a procession carried out by the activists of a political party to reach district headquarters was stopped in Teliabagh and diverted to another road.On the other hand, except for media persons and staff of nomination offices, no other person was visible till late in the afternoon at the nomination offices which were guarded by heavy police force. District election officer Ravindra took stock of the offices in the morning.According to returning officers of all eight assembly constituencies of the district, over 40 forms were purchased on the inaugural day of nomination process. The maximum number of nomination forms was purchased from the nomination office of City North assembly constituency. One candidate of Rashtriya Samajwadi Jankranti Party, Ramashankar Tripathi, turned up to file his nomination process from Cantonment assembly area.The nomination process would continue from Monday after Sunday's closure while no nomination would take place on January 26 as the offices would remain closed on Republic Day, said the district election officer. He added that despite local holiday on December 28 (Basant Panchami), the nomination process would continue till that date.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11585435", "title": "Largest gurdwara in Gulf region opens", "text": "LUDHIANA: The largest gurdwara of Gulf region has been opened for public in Dubai. Gurdwara Guru Nanak Darbar has been constructed at a cost of $20 million. Though Dubai has 50,000 Sikhs staying there, it had no gurdwara so far.Vice-president and prime minister of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Makhtoum, had granted 25,400 sq feet land for the gurdwara in Jebel Ali area.\"It is indeed a historic moment for Sikh community. I have been living in Dubai for 32 years and we had no place of worship. Now we at least have this gurdwara for solemnizing marriages and holding other religious ceremonies,\" said, Ravinderpal singh, 50, resident of Al-Qusais-Dubai and owner of an eatery.Avtar Singh, 36, from Bur Dubai, who works with a multinational corporation, said, \"We will go to the gurdwara for special prayers on Friday. Everyone in Dubai speaks in Hindi and Punjabi and this is a great place. There was only one thing missing and that was a place where we could say our prayers. Now, the government has also provided this to us.\"He added that this was graceful gesture from UAE and signalled the beginning of a new chapter in the relations between Sikhs and Dubai government.In the first week of January 2012, ruler of conservative Sharjah emirate Dr Sheikh Sultan III bin Mohammed Al Qasimi, had given 10 acres for a new crematorium for Hindus and Sikhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585149", "title": "'Chikni Chameli' triggers bloodshed at Dahisar bar", "text": "MUMBAI: Little would Katrina Kaif imagine that her sizzling number, Chikni Chameli, from Agneepath, could cause bloodbath off screen. But that is exactly what happened at an orchestra bar in Dahisar early on Saturday.A brawl broke out at the bar around 1am, when a businessman started a fight with the other patrons who objected to him requesting the female performer to sing the song over and over again. The altercation snowballed into a fight, which ended with the businessman opening fire, injuring two persons. He has been arrested on charges of attempt to murder.Rajkumar Gupta, a small-time businessman from Nalasopara, along with a friend, visited Jalsa Bar and Restaurant located on the service road along the Western Express Highway near Dahisar check-post. He was carrying his licensed revolver with him.After downing a couple of drinks, Gupta asked the performer in the bar to sing Chikni Chameli, which she did for a couple of times. Apparently not having enough of it, Gupta requested to sing it repeatedly, but the other visitors raised an objection to it, said the police, adding that soon, it led to a fight but the bar management intervened. Gupta stayed back, while his friend settled the bill and left.However, the argument did not end there, with both sides continuing to abuse each other even after the girl stopped singing. As Gupta and the other patrons stepped out, another fight ensued, and this time, they started to beat him up, the police said. Some curious onlookers had already gathered around the group; the bar management stepped in again and asked Gupta to leave in an auto, the police added.As he got into the auto, Gupta threatened the customers, which infuriated them. They reportedly grabbed him and tried to pull him out when he removed his revolver and fired two rounds in the air, the police said. Scared, the patrons and the onlookers started to ran away, when Gupta fired another four rounds at them. In the melee, two passersby, Omkar Kadam and Ramesh Shetty, were hit by the bullets.\"Omkar, who sustained two bullet injuries, was an onlooker. Shetty, who was also hit by a bullet, had come to the bar for a financial transaction. Both are out of danger,\" said ACP Sunil Deshmukh. Senior police inspector of Dahisar police station Ansar Pirjade confirmed that the incident started with Gupta insisting on the same song. \"We have recorded the singer's and the other witnesses' statements,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583530", "title": "Alphonsos trickle in, but mango season 3 months away", "text": "PUNE: The first lot of Alphonsos, among the most-celebrated varieties of mangoes, arrived in the city on Thursday, a week early. But the actual mango season, when the fruit floods markets all over the country by mid-March, may be delayed 20 to 25 days and begin only after April 15, mango growers said.The cold weather prevailing in the country brought on by La Nina, the global weather system, has stagnated the process of flowering in mango trees in Maharashtra, experts said.Mandar Desai, a third generation mango grower with a 700-acre plantation in Ratnagiri, and a mango outlet in Pune, said the first crate of four-dozen mangoes that had arrived in the city on Thursday had a more expensive price tag - they cost Rs 15,550 in Pune. In 2009, they had cost Rs 10,000.\"This price may come down in the first week of February, when more Alphonsos arrive. Four dozens will then cost between Rs 7,000 and Rs 9,000,\" said Desai.Vivek Bhide, a mango grower and exporter from Malgund in Ratnagiri, said, \"The cold weather has slowed down the initial flowering stage of Alphonsos which starts from November-end. Heavy rainfall (more than 5,000 mm) in both Sindhudurg and Ratnagiri till the first week of November led to late vegetative growth in the crop, cutting down its reproductive development. Flowering began in December, shrinking the over-all mango season.\"Moreover, the extended winter, with a temperature below 10 degrees celsius for the last ten days had affected the crop. \"As of now, there is 25-30% flowering on most trees in both districts. January-end will see heavy flowering, but the actual mango season will begin only after April 15. The season preceding this period will have only 5-10 % crop in the market,\" Bhide added.Sanjay Pansare, director of the fruits section at agriculture produce market committee in Mumbai, told TOI, that 15 crates of mangoes have arrived in the Mumbai market. \"The actual season will begin after April 20. Till then, one would see only 10% of the total crop in the market,\" he added.Horticulturist at Marathwada Agricultural University Bhagwan Kapse said the Kesar variety of mangoes too will be delayed. \"The flowering process of Kesar is underway. In many orchards, pollination is on. However, the cold weather may increase the ratio of male to female flowers, leading to less fruit-set.The temperature below 10 degrees celsius tends to damage the pollen tube in female flowers, reducing chances of pollination. Cold weather affects the overall growth and development of the fruit, thus delaying the harvest season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11590966", "title": "Pakistan developments are of deep concern: SM Krishna", "text": "BANGALORE: External affairs minister SM Krishna on Sunday said developments in Pakistan are of \"deep concern\" from the point of stability in South Asia.\"Peace prevailing in Pakistan brings some kind of stability in south Asia\", he told reporters at the taluk headquarters town of Sira in Tumkur district of Karnataka. \"In that background, the current situation is a matter of deep concern\".But Krishna expressed confidence of things getting back to normal, adding, Pakistan government is working towards that.Asked about the Karnataka high court order that investigation should continue into offences against him relating to dereservation of forest area in mineral rich fragile zones during his tenure as chief minister, Krishna said his advocates would take care of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587800", "title": "Agneepath gets three Hollywood biggies for company", "text": "January started on a sorry note at the box office. Things have been pathetic with most Bollywood and foreign films failing to break what the trade calls as the January jinx.Trade analyst Taran Adarsh says, 2011 Jan was a golden period.Bollywood had winners in No One killed Jessica and Yamla Pagla Deewana that released on January 7 and 14 respectively.The start of 2012 has been very very poor.''Abbas Mustan's Players tanked leaving many of those who invested in this film in a state of shock.The following week saw five small films including the not so bad Chaalis Chauraasi and Tutiya Dil sinking.Now all hopes are automatically pinned on Agneepath that is the solo Bollywood release on the Republic Day weekend.However sensing that they have a chance to get a clear window; three Hollywood films are releasing alongside Agneepath.Steven Soderbergh's Haywire has been advanced by a week to keep Paramount Films of India's Contraband companyon January 26.Fox Star India is also releasing the George Clooney flick The Descendants.Suddenly Agneepath has ample company at the multiplex ticket windows throughout the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584533", "title": "HC orders probe into staff irregularities in varsity", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday directed the police to conduct an inquiry and register a complaint if a prima facie case is made out in a complaint alleging irregularities in promotion of staff at the Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU). Disposing of a petition by a guest lecturer, R Ramasamy, Justice V Periya Karuppiah gave the directive to police officials including the Madurai SP, the DVAC and the Nagamalaipudukottai inspector of police.In his petition, Ramasamy said the Educational Multi-Media Research Centre (EMMRC) in the university was fully funded by the University Grants Commission (UGC), the authority to frame regulations concerning staff and other administrative matters of the centre. The local fund audit had raised objections for many years regarding the recruitment of unqualified staff in the department.Further, recently within a two-year period, Shantha the director in-charge of EMMRC, the then vice-chancellor Karpaga Kumaravel, registrar I Singaram and subsequent registrar in-charge, V Alagappan conspired and moved the records in favour of the staff and used the university syndicate to legalise the criminal acts, he alleged. They had sanctioned the promotion, as well as fixing a higher scale of pay to unqualified staff at the entry level. The scale of pay had been revised from 1987 onwards, creating a loss of more than Rs 4 crore for the UGC fund, which was a public fund, he contended.He claimed that the staff previously earned Rs 30,000 per month, but now due to the illegal promotion and revision of scales, it had increased it to Rs 90,000 per month. Apart from the salary, arrears were also calculated from the year of joining. No department would have sanctioned such largesses with retrospective effect, the petitioner said.When the matter came up for hearing, Ramasamy contended that he had given a complaint before the principal secretary of higher education in respect of misappropriation of UGC funds and even after the same was forwarded to a top police officer, the police had not registered a complaint and not commenced investigations either.Additional public prosecutor C Ramesh submitted that a discreet inquiry had commenced and so far 20 documents had been collected, seven witnesses had been examined, including the petitioner and 11 proposed accused. If a case was made out, the report would be submitted before the government and on its advice, a case would be registered and investigations commenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584429", "title": "CWG scam: Bail for ex-CWG secy, treasurer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A CBI special court on Saturday granted bail to former Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee secretary general Lalit Bhanot and former treasurer M Jayachandran.The relief came on the grounds of parity with former organizing committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi who was granted bail by the Delhi HC. The court granted bail to Bhanot on a personal bond and two sureties of Rs.5 lakh each, while bail to Jayachandran was granted on a personal bond and sureties worth Rs 2 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "senapati", "code": "11583153", "title": "Kukis, Nagas hope for Sadar Hills solution from new govt", "text": "SENAPATI: At the Assam Rifles' check gate at Maram in Senapati district on the Imphal-Dimapur highway, a few Naga women are seen rushing towards vehicles every time they pass through the area. \"Please buy some amla chutney, it's just Rs 10. Why don't you try this wild apple?\" they plead with the passengers.Ever since trucks stopped plying on this stretch complaining of extortion by Naga militants, these women have been relying on passengers of cars and buses to sell their odd products to make a living. \"I earn about Rs 150 a day from passengers of cars and buses,\" said a woman.Rosy, a young Naga woman who owns a paan shop at Tadubi village, said their business went down drastically once trucks stopped passing through this area. \"I am looking forward to the elections so that a good candidate is chosen, who can solve the problem of road blockades,\" she said.The politics of blockade in Manipur deprived many Naga and Kuki tribals living along this highway of their daily earnings. On normal days, about 300 trucks would ply along National Highway-39, Manipur's lifeline. Today, only a few buses, taxis and private cars use the road.The demand for Sadar Hills district ignited a 121-day blockade last year causing immense hardship to the people. Now, truckers have refused to use the stretch complaining of extortion and harrassment by Naga militants.Highway blockades have become a significant issue this election, which the opposition is using to attack the Congress-led government. \"The Congress kept mum when Manipur faced a four-month economic blockade of national highways. The government failed to ensure supply of essentials to the state during the blockade,\" said Nimaichand Luwang, president of the opposition Manipur People's Party (MPP).Government spokesman and Congress minister, N Biren Singh, defended the government's soft approach, \"After all, they are the people of the state. We had to use caution so that the situation did not aggravate. At the same time, the government brought in fuel and essential items through the Imphal-Silchar highway.\"Last year's blockade began over the issue of Sadar Hills, a bone of contention between Kukis and Nagas. The Kukis demanded the creation of the Sadar Hills by carving out Kuki-dominated areas from the Naga-dominated Senapati district. The Nagas opposed it saying the area in question was their ancestral land and launched a counter-blockade. The Sadar Hills comprises three Kuki-dominated assembly constituencies: Kangpokpi, Saitu and Saikul.After 92 days, the Okram Ibobi Singh government bought peace with the Kukis by agreeing to look into their demand once the district re-organisation committee tabled its report. The government also agreed to create three more sub-divisioins.The Nagas, led by the United Naga Council (UNC), accused the government of trying to bifurcate the Naga areas without consulting them and continued with the blockade. The blockade was finally lifted following an appeal by Union home minister P Chidambaram.\"We will decide our next course of action after the new government is formed. We will seek people's opinion after the polls,\" said Tonghen Kipgen, general secretary of the Sadar Hills Districthood Demand Committee (SHDDC), which launched the blockade.The SHDDC, however, is not contesting the elections. \"We are neutral and do not support any candidate or party. We have been demanding the Sadar Hills district since the Seventies. In fact, the Nagas have made our demand more popupar this time,\" he said.More than the Naga opposition, the Kukis are unhappy with the Ibobi-government. Kipgen said, \"The reality is that the government does not want to give more autonomy to the hill districts. It is using one pretext or the other to divert our issue.\"The Nagas are also bitter with the government and the UNC has openly supported the Nagaland-based Naga People's Front (NPF), which is contesting outside its home turf for the first time. The NPF is in power in neighbouring Nagaland and the party has fielded candidates in all the 11 Naga-dominated assembly constituencies here.The UNC, which backed the inetegration of all Naga-inhabited areas of the Northeast, has been demanding an alternative administrative arrangement for the Naga areas of Manipur. The NPF has backed the UNC demand.\"We have decided to support the NPF because we share common principles and ideology about the political agenda of the Nagas,\" said Milan Shimray, publicity secretary of UNC.Shimray said the Sadar Hills will not be an issue for the Nagas in Senapati this election. \"We want the government to honour the four MoUs signed with the Nagas on this issue. If the newly-elected government tries to touch the land of the Nagas, we will be compelled to react,\" he added.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/palanpur/rajkot/bhuj", "code": "11584971", "title": "Cold wave to continue in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD/PALANPUR/RAJKOT/BHUJ: Cold wave conditions continued to sweep across north Gujarat , Saurashtra and Kutch on Saturday. Even as people battled dry, chilly winds, weather officials warned that the cold wave would continue to prevail in parts of the state for one more night.Saturday was chilly in Ahmedabad with the maximum temperature was four degrees below normal at 24.5\u00b0C. The minimum temperature was 11.2\u00b0C. The state capital was colder with a minimum temperature of 8.5\u00b0C. Naliya was the coldest place in state with 6.2\u00b0C minimum temperature. In North Gujarat, Deesa remained the coldest place at 7.7\u00b0C on Saturday.While the temperatures are not abnormally low, the chill is being felt due to cold, dry northerly winds. \"The dry winds blowing all over the state make the weather chilly,\" said Kamaljit Ray, director of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat. Officials said that from Monday or Tuesday, there will be considerable relief from the cold conditions.Weather officials said that cold winds can take a toll on health and people are advised to keep warm while braving the chilly winds.Patan district was the worst hit with the most deaths reported on Friday night. Patan has already witnessed four cold-related deaths. According to Patan police, an old woman was found dead outside Kansa Darwaza in Patan on Friday night. On the same day in Visnagar of Mehsana district, an old man was found dead in Anand Market area. His postmortem report attributed the death to cold and starvation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583497", "title": "Widow found murdered in her bedroom", "text": "KANPUR: A 42-year-old widow was found murdered in her bed at her house in Safed Colony in the jurisdiction of Kidwai Nagar police on Saturday morning. The woman was identified as Usha Kapoor, wife of Ramji Kapoor. The motive behind the murder is yet to be ascertained.The murder came to light when Usha's teenaged daughter Mona visited her mother's room and found her body wrapped in a quilt with her throat slit open, lying in a pool of blood on the bed. Police said that Usha's room was bolted from outside and the doors leading to the main entrance was found open. Mona informed the neighbours, who called the police.Usha was attacked by a sharp-edged weapon on her neck and other vital parts.The help of the forensic experts and sniffer dogs was taken to gather clues. Usha's husband had died a few years back and she used to sit at his electronics goods shop situated in Mani Ram Bagiya.According to police, a man named as Shyam, came to meet her on Friday night. \"Mona, who was sleeping in other room, informed us that she had last spoken to her mother around 9 pm on Friday and that no one was with her at that time. But after exchanging a few words, she had told her that she was waiting for someone and then Mona returned to her room,\" a police official said.The police said that the murder looked to be the handiwork of some insider as all the belongings and valuables were untouched in the house. Property or illicit affair could not be ruled out. Residents said the woman had no enmity with anyone in the locality.SuicideA 30-year-old man committed suicide by jumping in front of a train near Dabauli West crossing on Friday night. The man identified as Devendra Kumar alias Deepu, left his home Dabauli on Friday night. He was reeling under acute depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "11584365", "title": "Factory roof caves in, 2 killed", "text": "MANESAR: Two labourers were killed and four critically injured when a temporary roof collapsed at a Maruti ancillary factory in Manesar on Saturday. Sources said the factory did not comply with safety norms and the toll may rise as the debris is cleared.The incident took place in Machino Plastic Ltd, situated in IMT Sector-8, around 3pm. The roof of a makeshift shed snapped under the weight of raw materials and machinery piled on it and fell on the labourers standing below, crushing two of them to death.Four labourers were pulled out and rushed to hospital. They are said to have suffered severe injuries. \"There are chances of people being trapped inside. Although there are reports of six people at the moment, the picture will be clear only after the debris is moved,\" said DCP (South) Hameed Akhtar.No case has been filed yet as debris was being cleared till last reports came in. Police said they were looking at negligence by the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584252", "title": "Two die in road accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were killed in three separate accidents in the capital on Saturday, police said. A 22-year-old student died after his bike crashed into one of the gates of a car which the driver opened suddenly on the road near Geeta Colony in east Delhi around 11am. The victim, Satish, lived in a JJ cluster in Geeta Colony. The car driver has been arrested.In another accident, a 42-year-old businessman was allegedly hit by a trailer from behind around 12.45pm in south Delhi. Anil Kumar Suman, a Noida resident, died after the collision near AIIMS. The trailer driver fled. A case has been registered. In the third accident, again in Geeta Colony, four persons were injured when a mini truck's driver lost control of the vehicle, hit a car, and then climbed onto the divider and rammed into an ice-cream seller. The driver was hurt after the mini truck overturned, and was later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583048", "title": "Dam impasse: AGP slams govt for 'double standards'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Terming mega dams as a curse for any civilization, AGP has once again slammed the state government for maintaining double standards in solving the issue. Addressing the media on Saturday, AGP president Chandra Mohan Patowary alleged, \"While the CM formed a Group of Ministers (GoM) to discuss and find out a way to end the conflict between the anti-dam lobby and the NHPC on one hand, it is underscoring the need of a mega dam in public places on the other. This is hypocrisy.\"AGP stressed the need of a unified movement against the Lower Subansiri Hydro-electric Project and asked every organization to join hands to stop construction of the mega dam. \"The GoM held separate discussions with anti-dam groups. We doubt that the government is trying to create deviance among anti-dam campaigners,\" he said.AGP is going to participate in the \"Anti Mega Dam Mass Convention\" to be held here on January 24. The regional party also blamed the Congress government for not giving importance to the ongoing peace process. \"It's unfortunate that in the name of peace process, the government has only settled militants in some designated camps and are holding lengthy discussions. But nothing has been done sincerely. Apart from extending ceasefire agreements, we don't see any progress between the outfits and the government,\" said Patowary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587552", "title": "Surfing fest at Odisha's Marine Drive", "text": "The country's first surfing festival at Odisha's Marine Drive is barely two weeks away. But it's not just about sport. The registration list is packed with photographers, musicians, painters and travel enthusiasts, finds Nona WaliaWhen flautist Clive Vaz tells you he and his six-member Mumbai band have spent months outdoors, often jamming with insects, you realise it's the perfect fit. There's every reason why an experimental jam outfit like Tribal Flora, that plays tribal rhythms with djembes, didgeridoos, mouth harps and indigenous drums, but knows nothing about surfing, should make it to India's first surf festival.\"Organic music means we don't play guitars. We draw inspiration from nature. News of the surfing festival got us excited. Spiritually, it's going to be a new experience for us,\" Vaz says over the phone from Goa.India Surf Festival, scheduled for February 7-9 at Odisha's Puri-Konark Marine Drive beach, is expected to draw as many artists, filmmakers, musicians and photographers as professional surfers. A Chinese surfing filmmaker, a band from Australia, hippies, and of course, travelling enthusiasts from across the country, are set to congregate at what's being marketed as a celebration of surfing and spirituality.Over 60 surfers from India, Singapore , Spain, Italy, Morocco and Brazil have signed up along with 2,000 visitors who, Sanjay Samantaray, founder of organising outfit Surfing Yogis, says, plan to enjoy the spectacle from the sands. \"Surfing isn't just about being in water, it's a celebration of hard labour. Most international surfing events are about art, good photography and hi-tech filming.\"A recent issue of Time magazine speaks of India's ninth largest state gradually finding a nook on world tourist maps. For India's nascent, but growing surfing industry, Odisha's still waters provide perfect support for Stand-up Paddle (SUP) surfing, offering what some see as the opportunity for paddle-based tourism. In fact, Ramchandi Beach in Konark is home to one of the country's few surfing schools, inaugurated last year.Mumbai-based independent photographer and copywriter Kedar Sonigra is expected to roam the sands of Puri beach, camera in hand, just like he has been doing for the last four months. Sonigra is behind India's first flatwater surfing video. \"Three months ago, I was on a holiday to Odisha with my girlfriend, looking at where we could stay. We bumped into the founders of Surfing Yogis, who were camping on the beach. I shot the video the following day. Surfing is about capturing live action on water,\" says Sonigra.For Mumbai resident and installation artist-musician Sachin Shetty, going natural comes easy. Stones and bamboo are going to be the primary raw materials he plans to work with while setting the ambience for Surf India, using digital art, video installation, sculpture and painting. Shetty, who runs Nova Collective with Archan Nair, Kaustubh Kamat and Harshvardhan Kadam, says, \"The materials used, and art created, are all environment-friendly. We thought that would go with the theme of spiritual surfing. We've also planned a session of live painting to the sound of waves and music created by impromptu jamming with other bands.\"Do we hear Vaz and his gang of four headed for Puri, say, \"We are in\"?Fest fast factsThe India Surf Festival is scheduled for February 7 to 9 at Puri-Konark Marine Drive, Orissa. Nearest airport is in Bhubaneshwar. You can put up at a hotel at Puri or Konark depending on your budget. Limited tent camping facilities are available at Surfers Island.To registerSend a mail to surfingyogis@gmail.comWhat's up?SUP (Stand-up Paddle) is a surf style board with a paddle, used in flatwater or waves. Flat water surfing is an emerging global sport with a Hawaiian heritage. It was convenient for surfing instructors to manage large groups of students when they stood on the board, enjoying a higher vantage view.India's top 5 surfing sites1. Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu could well be one of the windiest places on Earth. The swell gets big here but is usually blown out. If you meet wind surfers, tell them to head to Kanyakumari.2. Kovalam Beach in Kerala is the best known surf spot in India. Conditions are conducive to surfing all year around.3. Auroville in Puducherry is a unique place that a few local surfers together with European enthusiasts have made their base.4. Visakhapatanam in Andhra Pradesh has big beaches, good hotels , a commercial harbour and some great point breaks.5. The Andaman Island Archipelago is where surfing enthusiasts should head between February and May. Here, you experience some of the best waves the planet has to offer, and they remain un-ridden except by a few brave surfing soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11585790", "title": "Chilli Mela in Hubli from Sunday", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCC&I;) Hubli, Horticulture department and National Horticulture Mission will jointly organize a 3-day 'Chilli Mela-2012' from January 22 in Murusavir mutt premises in Hubli.The mela will be inaugurated by district in-charge minister Jagadish Shettar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588788", "title": "Mass formula still works", "text": "Both youngsters and the family audience seem to be enjoying director Lingusamy's latest offeringThis Pongal was a wonderful one for the Vettai team. Not only did critics appreciate Madhavan, Arya, Sameera Reddy, Amala Paul and Lingusamy's work, but the mass action-entertainer kept the audience entertained. The family audience and youngsters are enjoying the film because it's a racy and mass entertainer with beautiful songs from Yuvan Shankar Raja.The movie, produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers, was seen not just on-screen, but on television too! On Pongal day (January 15), Vettai special programmes were aired on numerous Tamil channels. The highlight of the Pongal day was the twohour hour special programme on Vijay TV, featuring Arya, Madhavan and Amala Paul The high-decibel marketing seems to have ensured a good opening for the film and the company's sustained marketing activities are ensuring that there's continued hype and response for this mass entertainer.In fact, the distributors and exhibitors are appreciative of the company's efforts say UTV officials. According to Dhananjayan of UTV Motion Pictures, Vettai has had the biggest opening week collections in all territories and became the highest grosser in the career of Lingusamy and Arya. As per trade sources, the film is estimated to have earned a net revenue of over 15 crores in the first week, despite facing competition from a big Tamil film releasing at the same time for Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583110", "title": "Tax on vacant land to be reduced", "text": "HYDERABAD: With property owners not coming forward to pay tax on their open plots, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is contemplating to reduce vacant land tax (VLT).As per the GHMC Act, 0.5% of registration value is being collected as vacant land tax by the corporation. After a building is constructed on the plot, the owner will have to pay property tax based on assessment.As collection of VLT was not even crossing Rs one crore and based on suggestions from the standing committee members, the GHMC is contemplating to decrease the tax from the current 0.50 to 0.25%. However, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has to amend the GHMC Act for making this possible.\"Since the state government has been increasing land value every six months, land registration values, especially in the surrounding circles, have also increased in the past few years,\" Hafeezpet corporator V Jagadishwar Goud said.Incidentally, there are less than 100 vacant land tax payers in the GHMC records. GHMC officials said till September, 2011, the corporation had collected only Rs three lakh against its original estimation of Rs 30 crore. Now in the revised budget estimations for the 2011-12 financial year, the corporation made it to Rs 5 crore as they have time till March 31, 2012 and most property owners pay their dues in the last two months. For the 2012-13 budget estimates, the corporation has pegged VLT at only Rs six crore. Earlier for the 2010-11 financial year, the GHMC had set a target of Rs 10.26 crore towards VLT, but it could realize only Rs 93 lakh.\"The GHMC has no proper data on vacant land in the corporation limits as there is no department to monitor open land. Also, establishing ownership of the land is another problem to serve notices. As of now, the GHMC is collecting VLT from owners who seek building permissions,\" a senior official of the corporation told STOI.\"If the VLT is reduced, owners may voluntarily come forward to pay tax to the corporation,\" Kukatpally corporator and standing committee member G Vengal Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585404", "title": "General mess", "text": "\"In Pakistan , the Army chief decides the government's age. In India, the government decides the Army chief's age!''This SMS, currently doing the rounds, aptly sums up the civil military interplay on either side of the border. In Pakistan, the generals rule the roost, and have done so for most of its independent history. Here, the Indian generals have remained in the vice-like grip of the neta-babu combine, even though once in a while charismatic army chielfs like Sam Maneckshaw or K Sundarji managed to spring loose and get some wiggle room.Indian military chiefs have hardly, if ever, \"rocked the boat''. So, when Army chief General Vijay Kumar Singh took his festering age battle with the government to the Supreme Court this week, it was bound to unleash a tsunami across the sprawling South Block and beyond.The government was shell-shocked, as was the country, considering the avowedly apolitical, secular and uncontroversial image the Indian armed forces have justifiably enjoyed over the years. Gen Singh may claim it's a \"personal'' battle to \"protect'' his \"honour and integrity'' but the repercussions for the politico-bureaucratic versus military equation are huge. This episode may change the equation forever.The civil-military divide has been a grim subterranean reality in the labyrinth corridors of South Block right since the days of India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru . The chasm will further widen now.\"Whatever the outcome, even if a compromise is worked out, the controversy will be used to further downgrade the military in the entire scheme of things. The bureaucracy, which has the ears of the political class is sure to hit back, and win. New chiefs will have to tread with more caution,'' says a top Army official speaking on the condition of anonymity.The armed forces have always felt slighted by the civilian bureaucracy, resenting as they do the \"interference'' in their Service matters as well as operational tasks in the name of \"civilian control''. \"It's bureaucratic control, not political as it should be,'' says a serving lieutenant general. The anger is quite widespread. \"There is no integration of minds or approach. It is always like we are the seekers and they are the givers or approvers,'' says a naval officer.But the armed forces themselves are not free from politics. The \"unseemly age mess'' does trace its origins to internal machinations within the Army, with Gen Singh blaming two previous chiefs for short-changing him. \"But it needed a political solution, not a bureaucratic one...it was allowed to go too far, fester for too long,'' says the Lt-General.Perhaps, says some officers, if the military and civil sides were integrated in the true sense of the word, with military officers even serving as joint and additional secretaries in the huge defence ministry and a fivestar chief of defence staff (CDS) in place to provide \"single-point military advise'' to the government, matters would not have come to such a pass.The armed forces have never really felt an integral part of the decision-making process on security-strategic affairs. As the Kargil Review Committee, headed by the late doyen of strategic analysts K Subramanyam, held, \"India is perhaps the only major democracy where the armed forces HQs are outside the apex governmental structure.''The subsequent Group of Ministers' report on \"reforming the national security system'' in 2001, led by the then deputy prime minister L K Advani, recommended a series of systemic changes. But while some -like creation of an integrated defence staff, a defence intelligence agency, a strategic forces command and a defence procurement board - were implemented, the all-important one of a CDS post has been left in a limbo by successive governments. The Army, Navy and IAF have, of course, certainly not helped matters by persistently squabbling with each other.Similarly, while the Army HQ - was rechristened \"Integrated HQ Ministry of Defence (Army), it has proved to be largely cosmetic in nature. Since the early-1950s, the three Service HQs were called \"attached offices'' of MoD in the Centre's organisational set-up. This was done to avoid giving the armed forces an institutional role in policymaking since ministries and their departments can make policy, their \"attached offices'' merely implement it.While the reforms in the country's higher defence management have been half-hearted, the military and the politicobureaucratic combine continue to view each other with suspicion. The age row has sharpened the \"trust deficit'', with civilian quarters claiming they were \"led up the garden path'' by the Army chief who reneged on his three written assurances in 2008-2009 to stand by his date of birth as decided by both Army and MoD.Military officers, in turn, feel \"the civilians'' simply do not understand their culture and ethos. \"A chief was almost branded 'mutinous' when he took up the fight for soldiers to get a better deal in the pay commission just a few years back. The age issue, whatever be the merits on either side, has been badly mishandled,'' says a Rear Admiral.The civil-military equation in India is set to become worse if corrective measures are not taken in time.MAN OF HONOURIn 1983, when Indira Gandhi was prime minister, the government appointed Lt Gen AS Vaidya as the Army chief, bypassing the more senior Lt Gen SK Sinha. The latter quit in protest. This episode was a rare instance of the government ignoring the senior most Commander for appointment as Army Chief. There were rumours that Sinha was not made the chief because he didn't support the army operation at the Golden Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585212", "title": "Angry commuters hold up local for 45 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: Angry at the cancellation of a Bandra local, around 200 commuters prevented a suburban train to Vashi from leaving the Cotton Green station for 45 minutes around 9.41am on Saturday.A Central Railway (CR) official told TOI, \"A Bandra local, preceding the Vashi local, was cancelled due to the non-availability of dual Alternating Current (AC)- Direct Current (DC) compatible rake after a rail fracture near Raoli junction at Wadala upset the time-table.\"Though the rail fracture was rectified in 20 minutes after it was first spotted at 7.45am, it led to bunching of trains and cancellation of one service to Bandra.CR's public relations officer A K Singh said, \"The crowd at Cotton Green was adamant that the Vashi local be converted into Andheri local. This is technically not feasible as Vashi/Panvel locals from CST can run only on DC traction. DC rakes cannot ply the CST-Andheri route as the section beyond Vile Parle is now on AC traction. Hence, only AC-DC rakes can ply the CST-Andheri route.\"Senior officials had to rush to the station to pacify the agitating commuters.Singh said, \"Announcements were made that an Andheri local will follow the Vashi-bound train. It took around 45 minutes to clear the tracks of people.\"Railway Protection Force officials, along with 30 personnel, rushed to the spot to prevent any further trouble. An RPF official said, \"We have shot videos of the agitating commuters. A case has been registered under the Railway Act against unidentified persons for blocking train services.\"A signal failure on the mail line between Matunga and Sion also led to a delay in CR services. The signal failure occurred around 12.21pm on the slow track (towards CST).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11582778", "title": "One held for showing black flag to Rahul Gandhi", "text": "VARANASI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, while addressing a public meeting at Dudhi in Sonbhadra district on Saturday, had to face an awkward situation when some supporters of Baba Ramdev tried to show a black flag to him. One of them was overpowered by Congress workers and handed over to the police.According to inspector of Dudhi police station, one person Ajeet Singh was arrested while two others managed to escape from the scene. During the public address of Rahul Gandhi, the three youths showed banner demanding 'bhrastachar mitao, kala dhan vapas lao'. The workers of Congress Sevadal caught Ajeet and thrashed him before the police took him under custody.While addressing an impressive gathering of people at Dudhi, Rahul Gandhi flayed the BSP government in UP accusing it of large-scale irregularities in Nation Rural Health Mission and Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. He also promised for all possible help to the tribal populace of the district. The meeting was also addressed by other leaders including UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585007", "title": "Of age-old myths and eternal truths", "text": "JAIPUR: Myths are lies which tell the truth. Myths are a pack of lies, agreed upon. Myths are assumed truths, which form the base for reasoning and logic.During the session on 'The Power of Myth' at the ongoing Jaipur Literature Festival on Saturday, intellectuals discussed how age-old myths become eternal truths for mankind.Cultural secretary Jawhar Sircar and authors Arshia Sattar and Amish Tripathi were in conversation with Gurcharan Das who opened the conservation saying that the myths, which have been transferred from generation to generation, have worked as teachings for posterity and have become lessons to cope with different situations of life. \"It is rather unfortunate that the more cosmopolitan we become, we tend to lose on the power of myth,'' said Das.Arshia Sattar, known for her abridged translations of epic Sanskrit texts including Ramayana, said that her favorite character is Hanuman and she was intrigued by the idea of a monkey flying and speaking Sanskrit. \"It is the power of myth that ensures eternal joy as one does not stop to ask why,'' said Sattar.Sircar said that a myth is much like Mathematics. \"In Mathematics one assumes a dot, similarly to build the architecture of reason and logic, one has to assume a myth,'' he said.Amish Tripathi talked about myths in reference to how Indians approach God and worship. \"Worship in all religions is accepted when done with the purity of innocence and not when it comes with an arrogance of knowledge,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11583241", "title": "Cricket in crisis as BCCI fails to read the signs", "text": "It is the worst that Indian cricket has ever seen. Seven straight overseas defeats and most of them under four days. Things just don't look right for the Indian cricket team at the moment. Unfortunately for the Indian fan, it had to come just months after winning the World Cup, which now seems a distant triumph achieved years earlier. And in trying to delve deeper into the reasons behind this debacle, two things stand out -- the insensitivity of the BCCI and the lack of a forward-looking vision on the part of India's cricket administrators.Within hours of the Indian team getting mauled at Sydney, the BCCI had announced the schedule for the fifth edition of the IPL to be played in April-May 2012. While the announcement may have been scheduled for sometime, why should Indian cricket's apex body announce a domestic T-20 competition schedule on a day when the national team has suffered one of its worst defeats? What message does this announcement convey to the multitudes of Indian cricket fans around the world? Isn't it evidence that the BCCI's priorities lie elsewhere and the Board is only keen on filling its coffers without trying to do a proper soul-searching into the reasons behind these overseas defeats?It is important to narrate here an informal conversation Indian captain M S Dhoni had with a few Indian journalists, including myself, at Nottingham after India had lost to England in the second Test of the series in the summer of 2011. Dhoni, flanked by a few of his teammates, had asked us to guess the number of overs Indian bowlers had bowled between January and July 2011. To our astonishment, the total number of overs was around 1,900, a staggering statistic. Praveen Kumar , about to make a comeback in the forthcoming One Day series in Australia and easily India's best bowler in England, had alone bowled 400-plus overs in the six Test matches he had played. It wasn't surprising to hear Dhoni say that Kumar might one day collapse on the pitch while running in to bowl.The conversation had a context to it. We were discussing the Indian team's schedule and it was startling to note that the players were due to participate in the Champions League within a day of returning to India. With the BCCI chief owning one of the teams due to play in the league , it was impossible for the likes of Dhoni and Raina to opt out from playing in the competition, which the fans aren't interested in watching or the rights holding broadcaster isn't interested in covering. So while Rajiv Shukla is theoretically right in suggesting that the players have not been forced to play and should ask for rest if they felt their bodies aren't able to continue playing, the reality is somewhat different. The players are under pressure to play even if they are not always told to do so. It is difficult for Dhoni to do a Michael Clarke and opt out of playing in the Champions League, given the BCCI president's direct involvement with the Chennai Super Kings.Looking forward, we need the BCCI to set its priorities right if it wishes to drive Indian cricket forward. A systemic overhaul, including a proper phase-out policy for legends like VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid , is a dire need and the Board needs to question if Test cricket is truly its first priority? Is India a shorter format playing nation or will our best players feel the need to do well in Test cricket in the future? When was the last time India produced a quality Test player for that matter?More importantly, if India does well in the One-Day Tri-series Down Under next month, it should not be used to suggest that all our tribulations are over and Indian cricket is back to its happy winning ways. Test cricket and One Day limited overs cricket are fundamentally different in nature and One Day success cannot be used to mask deficiencies in the Test arena. Winning a few inconsequential One Day matches on returning to India will not alleviate the pain the passionate Indian fan has suffered for the last seven months. Indian cricket is at a crossroads. The moot question is - can the BCCI mend its ways and ensure that the nation's singular passion does not nosedive further in 2012?The writer is a Rhodes scholar, an academic and is covering the India-Australia series for Times Now", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584910", "title": "\u2018Obama is the best US prez in my lifetime\u2019", "text": "Barack Obama is the best President in my lifetime of 53 years - George Bush was the worst,\" remarked the editor of the New Yorker, David Remnick. A famous New Yorker himself, Remnick spoke with the Times of India about politics in America, the \"clown show\" of the Republican Party's presidential primaries - and an unlikely interjector during his session at the Jaipur Literature Festival. \"A cow behind the tent made loud noises whenever I was asked a question!\" Remnick said. \"I don't usually get cows - I get hecklers.\"Of course, he has done his fair share of heckling holy cows, since he firmly believes that \"a journalist's duty is making those in power uncomfortable\". However, Remnick is also markedly fair. While he mentioned several areas that Barack Obama's presidency had lagged in, including civil liberties and environmental reforms, he commented, \"On balance, I think Obama's performance in office is extremely impressive. It's not been smooth or without mistakes but I hope we have managed to reverse the image of America abroad. We are finally out of Iraq. We are, God willing, on the way out of Afghanistan. We still have tremendous problems with Pakistan - but the economy is gaining jobs. We no longer defend torture. There's attention to science and human rights. So, there are many positive things to say - although far from perfect.\"The significance of Obama, according to Remnick, stretches far beyond his presidency. \"To have an African-American living in a house built by slaves is remarkable. America's deepest wound is the legacy of slavery and racism - hopefully, we'll soon break the gender barrier too,\" Remnick commented. Meanwhile, the American presidential elections of 2012 will have to be fought and at the moment, things are looking rather murky. \"To my mind, we have a Republican campaign that's extremely empty and erratic. When you have eight and a half percent unemployment in the United States, normally the opposition would automatically win an election. But because the Republican performance is so weak, so comical, Obama has a very good chance to win.\"Will the young again turn out for Obama, as they did in 2008? \"You should ask my son,\" responded Remnick. Still, do the changing demographics of the US give the Democrats an inherent advantage? \"We're getting younger, less white, more diverse - but the opposition to Obama is not old-fashioned race hatred. It has to do largely with unsure-ness about the economy, people who feel justifiably overlooked when they're out of work but they're seeing a class of super-rich on TV all the time. They don't know where to focus their blame, their resentment ironically, the Democratic Party under Obama added 30 million people to the health care rolls! That's a lot. And amazingly, the one thing that hurts Mitt Romney most within the right wing is that he brought healthcare to Massachusetts! The best thing he ever did is the source of greatest resentment amongst David Remnick them! The Republican Party is totally out of ideas - and into this vacuum of ideas rushes in a lot of cynicism.\"Hence, the Republicans with their sex scandals and miscounts, their bitterness and pomposity, appear to be gouging their electoral chances to bits. As Remnick says, \"It's as if the Obama side scripted the Republicans! In their wildest dreams, they couldn't imagine this going better for them. Today, you have revelations that Newt Gingrich wanted an open marriage. What's the evangelical Right going to make of that? And yet, it all gets erased in the summer and you start all over again. What looks like clowns jumping out of a car right now might change completely by the fall.\" But amidst all the uncertainty, you can be sure of one thing - Remnick will be there. And he'll make them feel uncomfortable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584793", "title": "Experts for research on genetic diseases", "text": "PATNA: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) vice-chancellor Prof Lalji Singh on Saturday stressed the need for an intensive research in the field of genetic diseases, saying cure for many diseases is still required. Singh, an eminent scientist, said this while inaugurating the two-day 'Genomics-2012' seminar organized at Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre. The seminar has been sponsored by the ministry of science and technology, government of India (GoI).Singh lauded the Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre for playing a vital role in the field of research. In the eastern part of the country, the Sansthan is playing a vital role as both basic as well as clinical researches are going on at the institute. He said for carrying out research work in the field of genetic therapy, a high-class molecular lab is required in this part of the country.Speaking on the occasion, guest of honour and head of science and technology department, GoI, G J Samthanam said the centre was playing a vital role in the field of research and its objective was to motivate research in the field of science.Director (academics) Medical Council of India Prof M Rajalakshmi said several diseases were caused by environment pollutants. Chairperson of Genomics-2012 and head, research centre, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan, Prof Akhileshwari Nath said Bihar was lacking in the field of research. She said environment pollutants were major cause of various diseases, but the government was not taking any initiative.Earlier, in his welcome address, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre director Dr Jitendra Kumar Singh said changes were taking place in the medical field and new techniques were being developed quite frequently. He said diagnosis at the level of chromosome and gene expression could play a vital role in the field of treatment. The establishment of a molecular lab at the Mahavir Cancer Sansthan was in progress, Dr Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11585880", "title": "Civil society organisations to contest 15 seats in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna, an umbrella organization of 17 civil society groups and three political parties in Pimpri Chinchwad will contest 15 seats in the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation elections and released a list of 12 candidates on Saturday.The candidates are Bapusaheb Waghmode and Surekha D Gorde from ward no 2 - Rupeenagar-Talawade, Tatyasaheb Udgude from ward 3 - Chikhli, Balasaheb Date from ward no 6 - Moshi, Suresh Beri and Aparna Darade from ward no 16 - Akurdi gaothan, Ramdas Kendale and Mira Tupe from ward no 19 - Walhekarwadi, Shubhangi Patil and Dhiraj Borhate from ward no 20 - Chinchawadenagar, Pradip Pawar from ward no 23 - Keshavnagar and Pradip Gaikwad from ward no 58 - New Sangvi.Beri is president of Jagruk Nagari Sanghtna, Pradip Gaikwad is president of youth wing of Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, Aparna Darade is wife of president of Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Democratic Youth Forum of India (DYFI) which is affiliated to Communist Party of India - Marxist(CPI-M).The Sanghatana has become the first organization to announce first list of candidates for the municipal elections to be held on February 16. Manav Kamble, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Nagari Sanghatna said, \"Janata Dal (Secular), Communist Party of India - Marxist(CPI-M), Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, Jagruk Nagari Sanghatna, Bhrastachar Virodhi Sanghatna and others are part of the umbrella organisation. We will release the second list of three candidates on January 24.\"\"The sanghatna will work against corruption. Removing social imbalance, providing basic amenities to citizens and involving citizens in the development of the city are also on the agenda,\" Kamble said.Kamble said that the candidates have to declare their assets , they should not have criminal record and submit their resignation letters as corporators before contesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11588062", "title": "Report indicates terror, crime funds trickling in casinos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indicating signs of possible funds related to crime and terror trickling into the Indian casino sector, a government report has said that more than 7,000 instances of suspicious transactions have been detected in the elite gaming business during the last financial year.A total of 7,006 Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) during the 2010-11 fiscal have been reported by the casino business and allied payment operators to the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), an enforcement agency under the Union finance ministry.The casino business in the country was brought under anti-money laundering laws in 2009 and the operators primarily provide slot machines and electronic games to customers.According to a 2010 report of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), the top global financial body set up by G-7 nations in 1989 to combat financial crimes, India has just more than 20 casinos.While Goa, the state with numerous sun-kissed beaches, has the majority of these gaming facilities, 14 land-based casinos (located in five-star hotels) and six offshore (ship-based), there are a few in Sikkim too.\"The casino sector, although small in India, is vulnerable to instances of criminal money and terror funding in its channels. The STRs in the last fiscal indicate the unusual complexity of money involved in the sector,\" a Finance Ministry official said.However, nor the FIU report or the official could quantify the number of those STRs which indicate terror financing and their ultimate results as the FIU dispatches such reports to agencies like CBI, Income Tax department and Intelligence Bureau for further action.The sources said the committee is likely to finalise its recommendations within a month, and then the Bill will be sent to the Rajya Sabha for its nod.They said that the committee has already met with the representatives of industries bodies like the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Ficci) and PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry, among others, to discuss various provisions under it.\"Stakeholders are understood to have favoured legal net for corporates to ensure transparency and check corruption. The proposed amendments will be in conformity with the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the Anti Bribery Convention of Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD),\" a source said.The head of country's anti-corruption watchdog CVC, Pradeep Kumar has also favoured a legislation to bring corporates under the purview of another anti-graft law, Lokpal.Currently, no government body including the CVC has powers to check corruption in private firms. Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi) recently rejected a proposal for donning the role of an anti-corruption watchdog for private companies -- similar to the role of the CVC for government entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584543", "title": "Manpower shortage forces farmers to switch to bamboo", "text": "MADURAI: Frustrated over labour shortage and increasing prices of agri-inputs, farmers in Madurai district have expressed willingness to switch over to bamboo cultivation. Twenty-five farmers expressed their consent to grow the plant during the district-level bamboo cultivation workshop organised by the Horticulture and Plantation Corps department under the National Bamboo Mission here on Saturday.S Meena from Koothanayakanpatti, Melur, said she planned to alter her 2.5 acres of paddy and sugarcane cultivation for bamboo because she was not able to manage the severe labour shortage. \"It will ease our burden on finding adequate labour as well as incurring heavy cost on fertilizer and pesticides,\" she said. Bamboo is a long-time crop and they will cultivate pulses and plantain as the inter crop for the initial three years to match revenue loss, Meena said.Another farmer, V Krishnan, from Kulamangalam said he planned bamboo for 2 acres of his paddy field in Thandalai near Alanganallur. \"We are not able to manage the rising labour costs and severe labour crunch. Bamboo will not require much manpower and will give consistent yields for the long-term,\" he said. When asked about the market avenues of bamboo in the district, Krishnan said they will get to know that later and will coordinate with horticulture officials. Along with his friends , he plans to increase the area under cultivation in future, he said.District collector U Sagayam presided over the workshop. During his address, he encouraged the farmers to think beyond cultivation. \"Do not stop with cultivation but think about starting a small-scale unit processing bamboo, which will give your yield value addition. The administration will help aspiring farmers,\" he told them.The workshop consisted of various technical sessions with experts in agriculture, forests and lead farmers giving important inputs for cultivation. G Balasubramanian, a lead farmer in bamboo cultivation from Tanjore district said that bamboo has a huge market potential which can yield high and consistent results for many years.At present bamboo cultivation is restricted to just 15 hectares at Sedapatti and Tirumangalam blocks in Madurai. The 25 farmers who have enrolled now would be taken to the Forestry College, Mettupalayam and to the farm of G Balasubramanian at Udyarkovil, Thanjavur, for a field trip.A horticultural department official said good maintenance with sufficient water sources for a couple of years will yield them high returns.Positive aspects of bamboo cultivation- bamboo is environment friendly as it absorbs 45 percent of CO2 and produce 30 percent of Oxygen- yield will start from third year onwards with Rs 50,000 per hectare profit in first harvest and the profits will be steady next 30 years- govt subsidy of Rs 8,000 per hectare that includes saplings for worth of Rs 4,000 in first year and Rs 4,000 for maintenance in 2nd year- huge potential with paper, artefacts, food and incense stick industry besides regular commercial uses- the crop will fertilise the land, dried leaves can be used for manure and for mushroom cultivation- future scope as bio-mass fuel to boost bio-energy sectorChallenges- long term crop, hence the farmers should wait for some years to get returns- water is essential for economic returns hence it can not be considered for barren lands- new crop for Madurai district and farmers are reluctant to take up the crop- fencing required to save the bamboo plantation from cattle grazing the crops- maintenance in initial years is important for growth- farmers tend to abandon the crop after they see tree causalities in the plantation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584873", "title": "Haute village booms again", "text": "A canvas of Hauz Khas Village today could use 'Opening Soon' signs as its leitmotif. The alleys are packed with restaurants, stores and bars, with promises of more to come on their walls. The coexistence of buffaloes and bistros, couture and cottage emporia, antiquarians and modern art forms the core of this enchanting paradox - what seems too jumbled to work is the perfect balm for a city that's showing early signs of mall fatigue.The 25 years since its 'discovery' by artists have given the Village a more lively air. It's a creative community by day and thriving social hub by night. Sunaina Suneja, one of the pioneers of the place, recalls, \"There were hardly 10 shops and a restaurant when we first started (our clothing store) here in the '80s. But in the last 4-5 years, especially in the last year, many new places have opened. However, the Village's artistic charm is intact\".In fact, Hauz Khas Village's appeal has spread beyond its traditional arty crowd. Among the artists, writers, expatriates, filmmakers and designers you will also find those who want in on the next big thing. \"I started going to Hauz Khas Village only a few months ago when a new restaurant opened there. I'm not big on art or culture, but I like going to lively places, especially those that are talked about a lot,\" said a college student, who did not want to be named.Energy and ideas are aplenty in the Village, and not just in the irreverent, psychedelic painting style favoured by its entrepreneurs. \"This place celebrates difference. It's the only part of Delhi that allows you breathing space to be yourself,\" says Nidhi Ajmani Banerjee, who set up a clothing and accessories store in May 2010 with Mumbai-based stylist Ritu Kumar .Ardahun Pinki Passah, who started Yeti - The Himalayan Kitchen last March with her partner Tenzing Sonam, says, \"We knew if there is any place that will accept this cuisine, it's Hauz Khas\".Raavi Chowdhury, who set up Flipside Cafe last February, calls the village a bubble in Delhi. \"It's so far from all the chaos of the city. There are parks and monuments, and no traffic within the Village,\" he says. The setting became the inspiration for one of the new entrants - Amour - overlooking the Hauz. \"Once we zeroed in on the location, the ambience of the restaurant just flowed,\" says owner Randeep Bajaj.It's not just the setting that gives the village its character. Each store and restaurant here is heavily stylized and personalized. And this 'signature' feel suits the entrepreneurs. \"We don't advertise at all,\" says Himanshu Shani , co-founder of Grey Garden, a restaurant without professional chefs.\"You can feel the owner's personal touch no matter which place you go to. People who open cafes here are invested personally in them,\" says Gautam Arora, who gave the Village its second wind three years ago with The Living Room cafe. \"For me, The living Room started as a place where I could have coffee and read a book in a warm ambience,\" he says. The poor quality of bread he was getting led to the addition of a charming bakery, with a display of fresh pies, and cheese straws and meringues in glass jars.At Flipside Cafe, a wall is covered with pages of an 1889 edition of Punch magazine; a 60-year-old Japanese umbrella gifted by Chowdhury's uncle hangs upside down from the ceiling, there's also a large hourglass gifted by his girlfriend, while paintings by friends and himself hang on the walls. His brother, Robbie Bergo, a pastry chef, looks after the baking.Each place is built around a unique theme. For instance, The Iron Curtain, which awaits opening, has a cinema theme.\"It will be a restaurant with a movie theatre, where people can watch films free of cost, simply because we want to expose them to different genres. We plan to screen world films, independent cinema, and the works of Delhi's amateur filmmakers as well,\" says Shalabh Singh, one of the four partners.Grey Garden's Shani says, \"Amateur chefs come in for a few days and experiment with food here. It's a home kitchen concept, like cooking for friends. There is a Mediterranean aspect to the food, but we serve different cuisines\".Then there's Thadi Cafe modelled after Rajasthan's roadside chaiwallahs (known there as thadis) but ironically set on the third floor. In fact, almost all late entrants have to set up shop on upper floors due to the limited space on the ground. But Bhupender Kumar, who runs Thadi with three partners, doesn't consider it a disadvantage. \"You walk up not knowing what to expect. It's also secluded, so it's like a hideout. Once you arrive, the view is amazing, as it overlooks the lake\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11585689", "title": "These entrepreneurs keep abreast with fun and current issues", "text": "LUDHIANA: Resident of Agar Nagar, industrialist Anand Mangal, and Rahul Oswal of Mall Road met at a party where they were accompanied by some of their closest friends. But they missed their female counterparts, so thought of starting a couple kitty, wherein both male and female members could interact with one another. It was four years back.Today, the idea has kicked off well, and at one such party thrown by Mangal, eight young entrepreneurs had a gala time. The party's USP is that business issues are a strict no and half an hour is observed as a break time during which couples debate on current issues. The party started at 9pm on Friday night and culminated at 2am at a mall.His wife, Meenakshi said this party gives them a platform where they can have fun leaving behind all the tensions of the daily routine. Oswal said discussion on current topics was his brainchild. His wife, Divya said this discussion makes their kitty different from others and refreshes mind. Resident of Rajguru Nagar, Rohit Saini and his wife Anshul had a gala time dancing on Punjabi numbers and Bollywood. \"I knew that this party happens only once in a month, so leaving all my work I joined it with my wife.\" said Rohit.Brijesh Narang and Deepika Narang of Ferozepur Road said no one discusses the business work over here but movies, fashion, outings etc. Rahul Thapar of Civil Lines said he was very introvert but after joining this group, his personality changed and he became an extrovert. His wife, Vasishali is elated with the transformation in his husband's personality. She said while joining it, she never thought that this will bring a change in their personal life.CMC Road resident Sanjay Jindal said he never misses a chance to attend this party. Even if he is out of country, he makes sure to come back for the party.His wife Rimpy said after every three months, the group goes for an excursion. Last time, they had gone to Dharmshala and are now planning for the valentine day. Naveen and Rubal, who are from Goraya, are so much associated with the group that they never miss an opportunity to be a part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "palanpur/rajkot/bhuj", "code": "11585669", "title": "Bitter cold claims four lives in north Gujarat", "text": "PALANPUR/RAJKOT/BHUJ: Cold wave continued to sweep across north Gujarat, Saurashtra and Kutch on Saturday with one more death reported in Patan on Friday night. Patan has already witnessed four cold-related deaths.According to Patan police, an old woman was found dead outside Kansa Darwaza in Patan on Friday night. On the same day, in Mehsana district's Visnagar, an old man was found dead in Anand Market area. His postmortem report attributed the death to cold and starvation.Similarly, another unidentified body of an old man was found at Deesa railway station platform on Thursday. Police recovered Rs 750 and a railway ticket from Meerut to Mumbai from him.Earlier, on Monday, two people - Dhanabhai Damore, 55, and Maniben Kalubhai Damore, 54, - had died of cold in Kalia Kuva village of Meghraj Taluka in Sabarkantha district.In North Gujarat, Deesa remained coldest at 7.7 degrees Celsius on Saturday.Meanwhile, Saurashtra and Kutch continued to reel under cold wave with Amreli in Saurashtra and Naliya in Kutch recording minimum temperature of 10.6 degrees Celsius and 6.2 degrees Celsius respectively on Saturday.The state meteorological department has predicted that the cold wave will continue to sweep Saurashtra and Kutch for the next 24 hours. However, from Monday or Tuesday, there will be considerable relief from the unbearable cold conditions.On Saturday, Rajkot city recorded minimum temperature of 12.7 degrees Celsius with 48% humidity and wind blowing at 15-km-per-hour speed. Apart from Amreli, the second coldest place in Saurashtra was Jamnagar (12.4 degree Celsius).On Saturday, Rajkot city recorded minimum temperature of 12.7 degrees Celsius with 48% humidity and wind blowing at 15-km-per-hour speed. In Saurashtra, apart from Amreli, Jamnagar at 12.4 degrees Celsius was the second-coldest place.In Kutch, Naliya shivered at 6.2 degrees Celsius, while Bhuj recorded the minimum temperature of 10 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588704", "title": "Vettai: Entertainment guaranteed!", "text": "The combination of Madhavan and Arya has worked to the advantage of VettaiWhat happens when a director understands the pulse of the common man and beautifully packages it with all the essential commercial elements to suit the taste of the masses? Well, the end result is a successful movie like Vettai! The film is a perfect hunt for the festival audiences with stars, glam factor, action, humour and songs in the right mix.The UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers-produced Vettai, which has been directed by Lingusamy, has appealed to audiences who wished to have a great time without thinking too much and the film weaves a spell on the viewer with its electrifying action scenes and comedy.The characterizations in the film also guarantee maximum entertainment! As films tend to have a heavy dose of sentiments or silly stereotypes in the story, this movie has been deliberately reworked to avoid them. And what makes this film unique is that everyone - Madhavan, Arya, Sameera and Amala Paul - was given a well-defined character that fitted their age and body language.The beautiful synergy between the lead actors (Arya and Madhavan) on one side, and Sameera and Amala Paul on the other, brings life to the compelling narrative. Madhavan, who took on the role of a coward with his unrivalled comic timing, made the audiences root for him throughout this film. And Sameera Reddy has done full justice to her role as well. In the case of Amala Paul, her feisty performance proves that a star is born.The film is also a showcase for Arya's scorching screen presence, action hero image and humour and he delivered a convincing performance. One must also mention the new villain - Ashutosh Rana - who gave wicked a new meaning! On the whole, Vettai seems to have been a paisa vasool watch this Pongal season for the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584926", "title": "BMX bikers wow Chennaiites", "text": "Wheelies and eight foot jumps were among the stunts that wowed Chennaiites at an event organized at the Express Avenue mall on Saturday. As visitors crowded around the customized ramps in the atrium, bikers Greg Illingworth of South Africa and Paul Ryan of the UK displayed a range of BMX (biking motocross) stunts.\"It was amazing to watch them do so much with bicycles,\" said Piyush Chandra, a visitor. \"I have only watched BMX bikers on television before,\" he added. During the hourlong performance organized TI Cycles and sports event management company CRX sports, there were a lot of cheers and gasps from the audience. A few lucky youngsters got a chance to learn a few simple tricks from the bikers.\"As of now, very few people are involved in BMX cycling in India. There are a few in cities like Mumbai, Chandigarh, Manipur, Bangalore and Pune,\" said Rohit Kuttappa, managing director of CRX sports. \"We are trying to create a buzz around the sport to encourage more people to take it up,\" he added.One of the more daring stunts involved lining up eight-nine children on the ground and jumping over them. \"The children are very excited and are very happy they got picked to be part of the stunt,\" said a parent who had brought a group of about six children to watch the performance, all of whom got to volunteer. \"This is the first time we are doing this stunt with more than six children,\" said Illingworth.While some parents encouraged their children to volunteer for the stunts, there were concerns, too, about the risks involved. However, the organizers said safety regulations were followed. \"We had two doctors and ambulances on call. The riders are professionals and won't attempt stunts that can be hazardous to the kids,\" said Kuttappa. \"None of the children was coaxed into volunteering,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585631", "title": "Unemployed youth commits suicide by shooting himself", "text": "INDORE: A 25-year-old unemployed youth allegedly committed suicide by shooting self using his father's rifle at his Vijay Nagar residence here on Saturday evening.City superintendent of police (CSP), Vijay Nagar, Amrendra Singh said that Sanjay Sharma, son of KP Sharma and resident of Scheme No. 54, shot self on his neck using his father's 315 bore rifle after locking the room at around 4.30 pm. Sanjay's father is working with a travel company.According to the CSP, Sanjay and his mother were in the house at the time of the incident while his sister had gone to tuition centre.\"His mother was in the kitchen and Sanjay was in his room upstairs when the incident happened,\" said the police adding that he locked himself in the room and shot self on his neck around 4.30 pm.Quoting Sanjay's mother, police said that she heard the sound of a gunshot but did not realise that it was from her house. After cooking, she called Sanjay but did not get any response from his room. She thought that he might have slept. About half-an-hour later, Sanjay's friends came there and knocked at his door, but did not get any response from the room.On not opening the door despite repeated calls, they smelt trouble and immediately called police, who broke open the door only to find Sanjay lying in a pool of blood on the floor. Though he was rushed to a private hospital, doctors declared him brought dead.Police found a bullet injury on his neck and the rifle used to end his life was also lying by his body. No suicide note was found in the room and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11585782", "title": "E-way puncture still unplugged", "text": "PUNE: The wide gap in the median near Gahunje which allows vehicles to cut across the Pune-Mumbai expressway was not closed even after the fatal accident on Friday.When a TOI reporter and photographer visited the spot on Saturday afternoon they saw another truck freely taking a right turn through the gap. There were no official persons to monitor this hazardous traffic movement nor there were any boards warning the vehicle drivers.No U-turns are allowed on the expressway and drivers have to use the exits at designated places.A 66-year-old woman died and four others were injured when the car they were travelling in hit a truck carrying a road-roller that turned right at this gap in the median on Friday. \"This spot is highly accident prone. There cannot be any reason for breaking the median,\" Dilip Bhujbal, superintendent of police (highways), Pune division, told TOI on Friday.Bhujbal had said that his office had repeatedly raised objections against the puncture with Ideal Road Builders (IRB), responsible for overall maintenance of the expressway, and the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation Ltd (MSRDC), the state government agency which had built the road and which governs it. \"In spite of our objections no action has been taken by MSRDC,\" Bhujbal said.A senior officer of the MSRDC, on the condition of anonymity, told TOI \"The median has not been broken illegally. This gap in the median has existed for the last three years. There are a few more such maintenance spots on the expressway. They are meant only for emergency and maintenance vehicles. Private cars and trucks should not use it.\"However, there is no warning sign forbidding its use by other vehicles. The MSRDC official said no safety system had been worked out to ensure that private vehicles do not cross the high-speed road at such maintenance spots.\"We have taken cognisance of the accidents caused at the maintenance spots. We will put up boards which could alert drivers about the maintenance spots. A joint meeting of MSRDC, IRB and highway police will be called soon to discuss safety measures at such spots,\" he said.A senior highway police officer, who did not wished to be identified, said \"The issue is not about other maintenance spots. The gap in the median at Gahunje must be plugged as it is being frequently used by vehicles to take a short cut to the international cricket stadium.\"Not just the median but the boundary wall of the expressway has been broken to provide access to the stadium using an untarred road. \"Vehicles cut across the expressway from the gap in the median and then take the road through the broken boundary wall, move on to this untarred road which leads to the stadium. We had requested the MSRDC to construct an RCC boundary wall which will be difficult to break down but the MSRDC has not yet responded,\" he added.The MSRDC official said the boundary wall has been broken illegally. \"We have reerected this wall many times. It was last repaired in August 2011 that too under police protection. However, it was broken once again. On January 10, we wrote to IRB to once again re-erect the wall and fence it ,\" he said.\"I do not know about the January 10 letter from MSRDC. They may have sent it to our Mumbai head office. But we have reconstructed this wall many times only to find that it is brought down,\" a senior IRB officials told TOI.Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar said objections had been raised in the past with the MSRDC about an access road to the stadium. Parmar said he would raise it once again. A senior official of the Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA) told TOI that the members of the stadium committee, who are authorised to speak on the issue, were abroad. Another MCA official who called TOI said, \"We have checked with all our stadium contractors. The truck that was involved in Friday's accident had no connection with the work at the stadium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585167", "title": "Engineer in ACB net, cash &amp; property worth Rs 4.5 crore recovered", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Saturday raided 11 premises belonging to an executive engineer of irrigation department, Malkhan Singh, deputed at Dariyabad in Pratapgarh, for amassing disproportionate wealth. Despite holding a government post, Singh owned cement pipe factories and a furniture firm.The agency also found out that the engineer has nearly 20 bank accounts on his or family members' name. He was to retire from service on January 31. So far, the cash and property recovered is worth Rs 4.50 crore.According to IG (ACB) DC Jain, \"Several complaints regarding the engineer were received recently, following which eight teams of ACB's Udaipur division raided 11 premises belonging to Singh\".The engineer owned two cement pipe factories, a furniture firm, a car service centre, a showroom, a nursery spread over six bigha land, a few residential plots, agricultural land, two earth-moving machines, two cars, a Bolero, a Jeep and several other properties.\"Nearly 500 gram of gold and some cash was also recovered. The bank accounts in the name of the engineer and his family will be checked Monday onwards,\" the officer said.\"He used his influence to get his earth-moving machines hired for government work by various panchayats under his jurisdiction,\" he said.\"The property has been valued as per the government rates at the time of purchase. The present valuation of the property will be higher,\" the officer added. The agency has also recovered fake PAN cards and other identification documents.It has recovered some documents which turned out to be complaints against the officer filed by various individuals with the irrigation department. \"People had accused the engineer of misuse of his office,\" said IG Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11584029", "title": "Now, lignite gets costlier for textile processors", "text": "SURAT: After natural gas, procurement of lignite, too, has become costly for textile processors in the city. Transporters of lignite have increased the transportation tariff by 56 per cent per tonne.South Gujarat Textile Processors Association ( SGTPA) said lignite is brought from Tadkeshwar mines located some 50 kilometres from the city.All the 400-odd textile processing units in the city and nearby areas have been using lignite for the production of finished fabrics.According to textile processors, lignite transporters have literally formed a cartel to increase the transportation costs. However, the transportation of lignite from Tadkeshwar will now cost an extra Rs 250 per tonne, taking the total cost to Rs 700 per tonne.Sources said textile processing units in the city use about 7,000 tonnes of lignite per day for dyeing and printing of grey fabrics. The increase in the transportation cost is set to increase the prices of the end products like saris, dress material and finished fabrics.Chairman of SGTPA's lignite committee Subhash Patodia said, \"We have decided to represent the issue to higher authorities in the state government. Fifty six per cent hike in transportation cost is intolerable and will increase the production cost.\" Lignite transporters were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584499", "title": "Auto driver found dead in MKB Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: A 52-year-old auto driver was found dead in front of his house with injuries on his body in Kodungaiyur on Saturday.A shopkeeper in Ganesh Nagar near Hosannah Towers on Saturday morning saw the man in a pool of blood by the road and informed police. The shopkeeper was on his way from his house to his shop. Police identified the victim as K Muniasamy, native of Kamudhi in Ramanathapuram. The body was sent to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for autopsy.Muniasamy had cut injuries on his stomach and legs. He was lying a few metres away from his house in Kodungaiyur. Muniasamy's wife Manimekalai had left her husband and gone to her parent's house in Kamudhi two months ago. Police dog Seer, pressed into service to trace the killer, ran till the street end and stopped. \"We suspect a person who was with Muniasamy last night,\" said assistant commissioner of police (MKB Nagar) Govi Manoharan. \"We hope to crack the case within a couple of days.\"Muniasamy is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter. Both the children are married and live with their families separately. Kodungaiyur police registered a case under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code and launched a hunt for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11584187", "title": "2 held for extorting money from drivers", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested two people for extorting money from shared auto drivers in the Sector 10 area in old Gurgaon. They would brutally beat up any driver who refused to make payments. The accused were produced in a city court and sent to 14 days of custody.According to the police, the two accused, identified as Sagar, resident of Machroli village of Jhajjar, and Raju, resident of Bhawani enclave, Gurgaon, were sharing accommodation in Bhawani enclave and have been extorting money from the shared auto drivers for a long time. There are about 100 auto-rickshaws between bus stand and Basai road. The duo used to take Rs 20 to 30 forcefully from every auto driver on a daily basis. Any auto driver who refused to make payments would not only be beaten up but also get death threats.On Friday night the auto drivers assembled and decided to report the matter to the police. They reached the Sector 10A police station under the leadership of two brothers, Naresh and Karambeer, residents of Basai village. The drivers lodged a complaint with the cops and told them they were fed up with their plight.Police lodged an FIR against Sagar and Raju and later arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583151", "title": "Kacheguda-Falaknuma stretch a \u2018death track\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is a 'death track' running through the heart of the old city claiming one life almost every alternate day over the past several years but the officials say they can do nothing to prevent the recurring disaster.The six km Kachiguda-Falaknuma railway track is responsible for the 144 of the total 310 deaths that took place in 2011 between Sitapahalmandi and Jedcherla segment stretching over 87 km. And in 2010 the same track had claimed 108 of the total 223 deaths on that segment.The Government Railway Police (GRP) officials say that most deaths take place in the densely populated areas such as Kacheguda, Malakpet, Yakutpura and Falaknuma. \"The South Central Railway has constructed some three feet high wall along the stretch. But people jump over it and get dangerously close to the speeding trains,\" one of them said. People in the area say that the government could correct the hairpin bends with little imaginative planning but it has done nothing except giving assurance year after year. Several trains, including locals, travel on this track every day.The GRP is also concerned about the sharp rise in fatalities from 223 in 2010 to 310 in 2011. Police officials pointed out that consumption of illicit liquor as a reason for accident related deaths on the tracks. \"There are many slums lining the tracks on this route. Individuals who consume liquor combined with other intoxicants sold in the Old City areas, wander on the tracks and get hit,\" said an official. He added that manning the stretch to prevent such deaths is difficult for the police officials.According to officials the sharp curves between Dabeerpura and Uppuguda and Kacheguda and Malakpet are the most dangerous. Figures indicate that on the 2km stretch between Yakutpura and Uppuguda 40 accidents had taken place in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585431", "title": "MANIT goes for yagna to get rid of vastu-dosh", "text": "BHOPAL: The contrast is too striking to be missed. In MANIT where architects of national and international standing have gathered for out-of-box thinking, the college management went for yagna for vastu-dosh on Saturday. Currently, the MANIT is holding an international conference, Global Studio on the institute premises.Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) director Appu Kuttan and 50 other staff members were present when the yagna was performed, sources said.\"A clutch of incidents like an explanation call from the Union HRD ministry and death of a student triggered scare among teachers and perhaps prompted them to perform yagna to drive out evil forces. The ritual has invited criticism from professionals,\" sources said.\"There is no mention of Vastudosh in books of architecture. Vastushashtra is there, but it is based on science. Performing rituals may be a personal opinion, but science does not buy this concept,\" Dr K Dhote of MANIT's architecture and planning department said. Even such rituals were performed to correct the Vastudosh at the assembly building, he said. MANIT registrar Savita Raje also believes that ritual performance has no scientific basis. \"It is not the problem of space which is creating problem. It is the stress factor and wrong-doings that are responsible for a few unfortunate happenings,\" she said.However, she hastens to add that she has no clue about the havan. An assistant professor said the yagna made them a laughing stock among students. \"We teach science and engineering to students. It would be hard to tell a student if he or she asks whether the ritual has any scientific basis,\" he said. TOI made several attempts to talk to Kuttan, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11585774", "title": "Trauma to heart may be cause for death", "text": "MYSORE: While four of the anacondas moulted soon after their arrival at Mysore Zoo from Sri Lanka , the weak one took a long time - a sign that all was not well with it.Zoo executive director B P Ravi said symptomatic treatment was extended orally and assisted moulting was done on January 4. Two layers of skin were removed. After this, the weak reptile became active, but still did not eat. At the time of death, the anaconda weighed 298 grams.\"A post-mortem revealed severe adhesion and necrosis around the heart region. Adhesion was severe enough to cause limited heart contraction, esophageal obstruction and movement of other organs around the heart. Based on the postmortem, it is diagnosed as chronic traumatic injury to heart during blood collection causing adhesion and necrosis. The animal has died due to heart failure and anorexia,\" Ravi stated.It is suspected that the anaconda suffered injury to heart during collection of blood in Sri Lanka. The director said the Sri Lankan zoo confirmed that blood samples were taken before departure for India.The other anacondas will be examined to find out whether they have any problems in and around the heart. Diagnosis is possible only by ultrasound scanning, the IFS officer said.Sources at the zoo told STOI the zoo authorities and vets contacted experts and doctors at other zoos.\"A vet was specially assigned to look after the health of the anaconda that died,\" they stated. But the zoo staff had received no special training to handle them before the reptiles were brought here. The death comes within days of four anacondas being adopted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11584092", "title": "Faking FB profile cost him dear", "text": "MOHALI: An accountant of a Chandigarh-based private company was arrested on Saturday for faking the Facebook profile of a woman colleague. Sources said he posted vulgar messages and uploaded morphed photographs of the woman.The accused, Satinder Pal Singh, 27, was caught by the state crime branch and a case has been registered under sections 66A, 66D, 67 of Information Technology Act; and articles 500, 509 of the IPC.Crime branch deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Kunwar Vijay Pratap Singh said, \"We have come across tailors, caretakers, and junior executives who were accused for cyber violations. People opt for such wrongdoings just to settle the scores with others.\"DIG said, \"In one case, a tailor made a profile of his neighbour's wife and uploaded objectionable photos of her, to get even with his neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585819", "title": "10,500 memory cards seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The customs and intelligence officials on Wedneday night seized 10,500 memory cards from a passenger at the Thiruvananthapuram international airport.The passenger has been identified as R Murugan, a native of Paramakudi, near Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu. The officials arrested Murugan after the security check. Cards of 2GB capacity were kept in eight small polythene bags.Each bag was packed in separate bags and concealed inside two elastic bands which he wore around his knees. The cards seized are worth Rs 31.5 lakhs, officials said. They said that Murugan was a carrier and part of a big smuggling racket.Murugan was taken to the economic offence court in Kochi on Thursday. He was arrested by a team comprising of additional commissioner P C Raja Das, assistant commissioners S Sivaprasad and V P Omkumar and intelligence officers M Suresh Kumar, Jyothirmoy, M P Udayakumar, S S Potty and Ancy Joyichan.Last week customs officials had seized gold ornaments worth Rs 14 lakh from a passenger hailing from Kasargod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585206", "title": "Huge turnout at music concert", "text": "JAIPUR: There was barely any room and the situation was precariously half a shove away from a stampede outside the venue for the Coke Studio music performance on Saturday night.Shouts of \"don't push\", \"ladies first\" and \"let me in!\" could be heard as the crowd surged forth through a single gate, all the while trying to keep tempers from flaring and drinks from spilling.Inside, a spellbound audience was held captive by Sabri brothers' qawwali, Assamese singer Papon's devotional music and baul music from Samav Mandal. Cigarette smoke rising from dainty, jewelled fingers joined the wafting notes of 'damadam mast qalandar' among much cheers and head-swaying.The crowds progressively swelled through the evening with repeated requests for an encore from the performers - the audience cheer often drowning out the music over the sound systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11585898", "title": "Candidates can now spend more on poll campaign", "text": "PUNE: Candidates contesting elections of local self-government bodies will get to spend more on election campaigns following a four-fold increase in the expenditure limit.The expenditure limit for candidates contesting elections to the Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been increased to Rs 5 lakh from Rs 1.35 lakh. The expenditure limit for Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad, Thane, Nashik and Navi Mumbai civic bodies has been raised to Rs 4 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.The expenditure limit for those contesting the zilla parishad elections has been increased to Rs 3 lakh from Rs 60,000 and for panchayat samitis, the revision has been increased from Rs 40,000 to Rs 2 lakh.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation said the chief election commission had increased the expenditure limits on July 30, 2011. \"But, as the elections were not scheduled last year, the revised expenditure limits would come into force in the forthcoming civic body elections.\"Tekale said candidates will have to open new bank accounts for spending on their election campaigning.The candidate has to submit a daily report on their election expenditure to the returning officer on the next day by 2 pm. A candidate who has won the election has to submit a report of his entire election expenditure alongwith an affidavit to the civic body within 30 days of announcement of the election results, or else he will be disqualified.There was a demand for increasing the election expenditure limit due to rising inflation.Manav Kamble, president, Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti (NHSS), said, \"It is good that the election commission has hiked the election expenditure limit for local self-government bodies, especially the municipal corporations. It was necessary in the current panel system, as a candidate has to campaign and get votes from both wards in his panel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585858", "title": "Snorkelling picks up at Eve\u2019s beach in Kovalam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Domestic tourists have taken a liking to snorkelling at Eve's beach and for those looking for an adventure at Kovalam, all you need to do is approach Kunjumon and Vijay. Tourists make a beeline for their service everyday that starts at 8am every morning.\"We provide a catamaran ride and snorkelling off Kovalam every day. Our service is approved by the government and as per rules we can only take two persons at a time. With four catamarans, we cater to eight tourists during one ride. Our catamarans are not motorized and rowing is not an easy task and consumes time.So on a sunny day we can organize five to seven rides. We are locals and do not have office space to register tourist information or pre-book customers,\" said Vijay.Snorkelling involves swimming through a body of water while equipped with a diving mask with a shaped tube called snorkel. Vijay offer a breathing apparatus and clear goggles but he has no wetsuits. If a customer gets picky, Vijay convinces him that a lifejacket will ensure his survival.Vijay said with proper equipments observing underwater attractions for extended periods becomes very easy.There are no corals in and around Kovalam and spotting underwater life is difficult near sandy beaches in murky waters.The only feasible diving spots happen to be near the rocky parts of the coast where colourful fishes, mussels and plants can be observed. Since fishermen practice shore seine fishing at Lighthouse Beach, the only spots available are Edakkal rocks and a strip near Leela hotel.\"The best time to go snorkelling is from December to March when the sea is calm. We charge approximately Rs 500/hour and we operate from 8 am till 5 pm at Edakkal rocks. Of course, we do take a break around noon.\" said Vijay", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11583322", "title": "Man kills mother over property", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: A man throttled his 70-year-old mother to death in a drunken rage in Mahbubnagar district's Konded village on Saturday.The crime, it was learnt, may have been motivated by the accused looking to stake a claim on his mother's share in some property.Police said Madhu, the son, was unhappy over having to share the property with his mother Peddaka who lived with him. He had allegedly demanded, on several occasions, that she make over her share to him.Late on Friday, reaching home drunk, Madhu picked up an argument with his mother and, then, in a fit of rage, throttled her to death.A case of murder has been registered against the accused who has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585186", "title": "Shelters for rescued girls hit hard by space crunch", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just our trains and stations that are overcrowded. Even rehabilitation centres where women rescued from prostitution dens are sent are reeling under space crunch.The city's two rehabilitation centres-one run by NGO Rescue Foundation in Kandivli and Navjeevan Centre in Chembur-have now written to the police, requesting them not to send more girls as the shelters are overpacked.\"Each of the centres can shelter 100 to 150 girls. Recently, the centres requested us to either not send more girls or stop raids on prostitution dens as they are overcrowded,\" said assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble.Dhoble's special team has been carrying out raids on bars that double as prostitution dens. Local police stations, too, have been raiding such bars and brothels and rescuing girls. Dhoble has rescued more than 500 girls from various bars and brothels in the last 14 months.Triveni Acharya, president of Rescue Foundation, admitted to overcrowding at the rescue centre, but refused to comment.But Dhoble, whose office is flooded with tip-offs about prostitution dens, is determined to carry on with his raids. \"Why will we stop raiding and rescuing? Just because the shelters are overcrowded doesn't mean we will stop cracking down on such illegal joints,\" said the 56-year-old officer.Sources said that many owners of bars, brothels and massage parlours have asked their cronies to tail Dhoble so that they can be alerted in case the officer is heading towards their joint.Dhoble reports directly to police commissioner Arup Patnaik and has been assigned the task of cracking down on brothels, illegal bars, hookah parlours and gambling dens.Dhoble is known to disguise himself as a vendor, milkman or dhobi and watch his target for hours before carrying out a raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11585801", "title": "Gram panchyat chairman shot dead", "text": "HUBLI: Chairman of Karadikoppa village gram panchayat Shivappa Malappanavar (37) was shot dead by some unidentified people on Friday night at Karadikoppa village in Hubli taluk. Hubli-Dharwad (Law &amp; Order) DCP S M Pratapan told TOI that on Friday night, Shivappa sat outside his house after power went off. Some people fired at him and fled from the scene.Shivappa suffered bullet injuries in his chest.He was rushed to a nearby private hospital but was declared brought dead.Police suspect that political rivalry and financial matters could be the reasons for the murder.The victim's brother Manjunath has alleged that 16 persons from the same village and neighbouring village are behind the murder, the DCP said. Belgaum zonal IGP Charanreddy and district SP R Dilip visited Karadikoppa village on Saturday. The body was sent for post mortem to KIMS hospital in Hubli on Saturday. A case has been registered with Hubli rural police and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584552", "title": "Amitav Ghosh, Jhumpa Lahiri to be part of HS English syllabus", "text": "KOLKATA: Students of the state board may soon get an exposure to the literary genius of stalwarts who introduced Indian writings to the west. Works of Amitav Ghosh, Jhumpa Lahiri , Mulk Raj Anand, Vikram Seth , R K Narayan , Anita Desai , Upamanyu Chatterjee and Arundhuti Roy are all set to be part of the English syllabus for Classes XI and XII, under the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education.From learning about the abolition of princely states in India in the book 'The Private Life of an Indian Prince' to taking a peek into the extraordinary life and adventures of Pia and Fakir in the Sunderbans, the students will get an opportunity to taste Indian writing at its best.\"Students have been prone to rote learning for quite some time. In order to discourage this habit and inculcate literary sense among students, it was important to give them books to which they could relate. Indian English literature has undergone structural and syntactical changes over the past few decades. Many Indian authors have found international fame and won accolades. We think it is time to introduce students to their writings,\" said president of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council, Muktinath Chattopadhyay.\"The syllabus will be framed so that knowledge-based learning can be promoted. From the next session, the question pattern too will undergo sea change in HS examinations. Students will be tested on their understanding of the subject and not just on the information which they have gathered from reading,\" he added.Some of the names which will find a place in the syllabus include - Amitav Ghosh, Mulk Raj Anand, Anita Desai, Jhumpa Lahiri, Vikram Seth, R K Narayan, Arundhuti Roy and Upamanyu Chatterjee. When contacted, writer Amitav Ghosh said: \"I am very happy that they are taking such a step.\"The council president said, \"Indian English has developed a unique style. It is different from British English. Till now, the students only read about writings on India by foreign authors. It may have generated a biased view of the Indian society. We felt that students should now read about 20th century Indian literature.\"The change in syllabus will be implemented from 2013, once it is approved by the government. The school expert committee is already considering three proposals placed before it by the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council.Besides English, the council wants to revamp the syllabi of all 21 subjects. Separate committees have been formed for each subject. The second proposal of the council includes attempts to make changes in the existing evaluation process in order to test students' concept of subjects.The current system allots 100 marks to written examinations in most subjects. The council now plans to incorporate project work and more practical tests. The third proposal of the council recommends publishing books in all 41 subjects and not just eight books as is the norm now. This, however, will be done without going into any conflict with publishers since students will choose which books they want to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "11583973", "title": "Bharuch police begin industrial safety audit", "text": "BHARUCH: Police have started an industrial security audit in the industries of the eight industrial estates of Bharuch to ascertain security and safety system in them. The industries have to update police on information related to their production, manpower, security and safety system.Brainchild of Bharuch district superintendent of police Gautam Parmar, the measure aims at curbing crime in the industrial estates.\"There is increase in the rate of crime with industrial development be it Vatva, Vapi, Surat or Bharuch. Dahej and Jhagadia are on a growth path. Thus, we have begun the industrial safety audit.\"The audit will verify the licences of contractors, labour contractors and security agencies and would also seek proper safety equipment in the units and practical training for the workers to avoid fatal industrial accidents. Policemen have been asked to frame charges against owner of a unit if the accident is due to negligence.\"Many accidents in the industries occur due to absence of skilled staff. The industrialists would have to show the list of their skilled workers,\" Parmar said.Meanwhile, Bharuch district collector Roopwant Singh recently issued two notifications asking labour contractors and security agencies to furnish details and photographs of their employees to local police stations. Already five offences have been registered against labour contractors for not following the instructions.Parmar said, \"The security audit will work in two ways; will keep the police vigilant and increase internal safety in the industries, particularly those located on the coastal belt and visited by foreigners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11578544", "title": "I have become a nun: Mallika Sherawat", "text": "When I tell her, \"Welcome back!\" she says, \"But I never left!\" Mallika Sherawat is in India shooting two films - Sudhir Mishra's Lucky Unlucky and Amit Chandrra's Kismat Love Paisa Dilli with Vivek Oberoi - but says she feels most at home in Los Angeles . \"There are lots of suitors, you make the right friendships and they don't judge you there. People don't perceive you with preconceived notions. In India, I feel trapped in my image. People think you are the same way you are on screen. Thankfully, the films I'm doing now will break that myth.\"How did you break into Hollywood? Honestly, it was tougher in Bollywood ! There's no nepotism in Hollywood, so I found it much easier. They welcomed me and showed me so much love. For me, it was always about being independent, because here women don't get too many opportunities. When I met President Barack Obama some time ago, he said, \"America salutes the spirit of independence, that's what America is built on, and now you have done it and we are proud of you.\" Those words will be with me till my dying day. I really had nothing to lose by going there. I don't doubt myself. Even when I ran away from home and came to Mumbai, who would have thought I'd be there someday? You got to have passion and faith. You live only once!Are you worried about getting typecast as the stereotypical Indian girl there? Not anymore. I did feel that in the past, because there was a time when Spanish-speaking people were cast as maids, African Americans were portrayed as gangsters, and all terrorists were Middle Eastern people. But now I think they are writing good parts for ethnic people. I think with Slumdog Millionaire and Freida Pinto doing so well, things are changing. Experimenting with different genres is really exciting. I think young directors are braver than actors there and here. They have the courage to cast me in these characters.How do you react to those who believe your career is over? n My obituary has been written SO many times that it really doesn't bother me now. I think women are still treated in a regressive fashion, so for me, where I started and where I am today has been a fun rollercoaster ride.Is there any bad blood with the Bhatts? I have no issues with them. If I get a good script from them I will do it. They gave me one of my biggest hits Murder and I loved working with them. Mahesh Bhatt keeps texting me. In fact, when I met Obama, he was the only person from the industry who called me and said, \"Aaj toh yahan maatam chaya hoga!\"Emraan was recently quoted saying kissing Mallika wasn't really fun. Your reaction? That's his opinion. I had more fun kissing the snake in Hisss. For me, the snake was the best kisser... my best lover ever!Are you dating anyone? I have become a nun! If there was someone I was seeing or interested in, then I would definitely talk about it. There are some interesting men who've asked me out, but everytime I think of concentrating on love, some project comes along. It's true but I'm busy making a career. You have to give your 100 per cent here; either you do this or you have a love life. Right now, more than a man it's the scripts that are exciting me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11585016", "title": "Rapunzel, eat up all your hair!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Siddhi Thakore, four-and-half years old, has cropped hair on her head. Doctors pulled out a big mass of tresses entangled from the stomach into the small intestine from the abdomen of the girl, who is the only child of labourer parents from Patan.Dr Rakesh Joshi, associate professor of paediatric surgery at Civil Hospital, said Siddhi is the youngest person to be operated in the country suffering from Rapunzel Syndrome.\"There are 40 odd cases of Rapunzel syndrome reported in the world of which 10 cases are reported in India. Siddhi is the youngest patient to be operated for this rare disorder where patients start eating either their own hair or of others as well,\" said Dr Joshi.Siddhi was brought to Civil Hospital with complaint of massive distension of the stomach, pain in the abdomen and occasional vomiting. The parents were exteremly worried because they had earlier lost their two sons before they could celebrate their first birthdays.The first son succumbed to epilepsy while the second son died when a foreign body got stuck in his airway. They were anxious when their daughter started losing weight, failed to show growth like children of her age and complained of excessive abdomen swelling and pain.The sonography revealed that there might be intestinal obstruction but CT scan and other tests revealed that was a mass. When the doctors opened her stomach, they were aghast to see a massive ball of hair which had taken the shape of the stomach and was extending 60- 70 cm into the small intestine.\"This syndrome is found usually in older girls who tend to eat their hair due to depression or anxiety. But it is rare for such a small child to suffer from this disorder. But considering the huge mass of hair found inside her stomach, there is a possibility that she might also be eating hair thrown away by other women in the family. No family members have reported seeing her eating hair though,\" said Dr Joshi.Siddhi is extremely malnourished and weighs only nine kg instead of the normal 16-17 kg for children of her age. Doctors said that she will also be sent for psychiatric evaluation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11584645", "title": "BJP to contest in five constituencies of Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: Leader of the opposition Manohar Parrikar announced that the BJP would field candidates in 5 constituencies in Salcete and would back clean candidates in the remaining three constituencies in the taluka.Addressing mediapersons in Navelim during the Jana Sampark Abhiyaan (JSA) that covered Cuncolim and Navelim on Saturday, Parrikar said that he had visited over 75,000 people during JSA and that the trend was very clear -- people wanted a change and were fed up of corruption. He further announced that BJP would contest from Margao, Fatorda, Navelim, Cuncolim and Curtorim.During various corner meetings on Saturday, Parrikar and other BJP state leaders, including state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar and newly inducted leader Mathany Saldanha, bitterly criticized the Congress party.Parrikar further reminded the public that his party had moved a motion to raise the amount of 1,000 given to widows and senior citizens to 2000 but the Congress party had rejected the same stating lack of funds. Saldanha stated that the party was not a communal party.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584601", "title": "Jamaica Inn gets the atmosphere right", "text": "NAGPUR: Jamaica Inn, written by Daphne du Maurier in the 1930s, saw its stage adaptation by Stagecraft in the city on Saturday evening. The effort was to recreate the gothic tale which had a fair share of drunkenness, madness, theft, smuggling and murder.The plot of the play revolves around the freshly orphaned Mary Yellan who comes to live with her aunt who is wedded to Joss Merlyn, the landlord of Jamaica Inn. Mary soon discovers the dreary and dangerous life that is lead by her Aunt Patience with her boor of a husband Joss, who is engaged in every possible evil that can be thought of.Though horrified with the activities going on at the inn, Mary keeps her wits gathered and tries to plot her escape from the place. What follows is even more horrific for the young girl. But the spirited Mary fights the situation to the best of her capacity.The novel is set in Bodmin Moor, which lends it an appropriate background with its grey skies, howling winds and stark isolation. The book makes for a gripping read as the reader creates the entire environment in the mind and gets absorbed in the happenings at the inn. But to recreate that atmosphere on stage can be a tall order, more so for the director Vikash Khurana, whose plays are enacted on sets that are austere and stark. Amit Shende and Varun Vij both deserve kudos here for the well designed sets that helped in creating a fine setting for the drama. The music by Anurag Kulkarni and Vijay Dhole too helped in getting the mood right.But the same cannot be said for the actors and especially the protagonist Mary Yellan played by Nikita Pitre. That the required diction and emotions while delivering the dialogues for a play of this dimension was singularly missing is one aspect, her shrieking also made her almost incomprehensible for the better part. Khurana, who played the malevolent Joss Merlyn, mouthed the dialogues befitting a boor but kept the mannerism of an aristocrat. The rest of the cast remained a pale shadow of the characters so firmly fleshed in the book.The stage adaptation of Jamaica Inn did have some picture pretty moments like the scene where Mary rides a six horse carriage along with the vicar, played quite convincingly by Supantha Bhattacharya. Her flirty interludes with Jem Merlyn (Anuj Hamilton plays the part), provide some relief to the otherwise morose tale.There was a scant audience to watch the play at its opening show today. With two more shows scheduled for Sunday, Khurana and his troupe would need a full house to keep them encouraged enough to keep their theatrical efforts going.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584451", "title": "Wanted: Live-in partner. Minimum age 55!", "text": "NAGPUR: Testing compatibility, establishing financial security, retaining freedom. There are many reasons why people stay in a live-in relationship.But increasingly, one particular group of people is looking at live-ins only for companionship and a way to fight loneliness. While live-ins tend to draw some amount of disapproval from society even today, for this group, this challenge may be even tougher.That's because these people are in their twilight of their lives. City-based Late Geeta Godbole Smriti Trust has come out with a novel and an almost revolutionary idea of mooting live-in relationships for senior citizens who are leading a lonely life after outliving their spouse. The Jayeshthanche Live-In Relationship Sanyojak Mandal formed by the Trust would be meeting on Sunday at 1 pm at the RS Mundle Arts and Commerce College to discuss the nitty gritty of such an arrangement.To ease the loneliness and lack of support which senior citizens face in the evening of their lives, which gets accentuated by the loss of a partner, this group would also take up issues that would come up in a situation when a senior person takes up a partner for a live-in relationship.To be discussed would be matters concerning the reactions of the offspring and the society, legal issues arising out of such an arrangement, gender combinations and the advantage of taking up a partner from a similar economical and cultural background. The group would also discuss the eventuality of family members not agreeing to such a relationship and the problem of accommodation that would then arise.Arvind Godbole, the spokesperson of the mandal, feels that such a forum is a necessity in today's society. \"The various forums for senior citizens only take care of the cultural and medical issues. But loneliness and insecurity is a major concern for seniors. We have invited Smriti Deo, who retired six years back as the HoD of Philosophy from Nagpur University, to explain the concept and the requirement for such an arrangement. She has some very well-defined thoughts on this subject.\"While conceding that this forum would not be the panacea for all ills, Godbole adds, \"Elders have their own egos and ideas. If we bring together hundred people, hardly two would be compatible. But we are looking beyond companionship. We would also like to sponsor hostels where seniors could pay and stay in the comfort and company of others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11585746", "title": "City residents wait to see Nanjundapuram ROB completed continues", "text": "COIMBATORE: It may take another six months to complete the Nanjundapuram rail over bridge project as the construction works are progressing at a snail's pace. The delay in completion of the project is causing severe inconvenience to people bound for Podanur railway station and several other important establishments and localities around.When the construction work for the project began on June 2010, state highways authorities promised that they would complete the project by August 2011. Though they got an extension of five more months to finish the task, the authorities are now seeking another six months to complete it. Construction of pillars and laying of concrete deck slabs are almost over but the remaining works require at least six more months, authorities claim.But residents of Ramanathapuram, Nanjundapuram and Podanur are the worst sufferers due to the delay in completing the project. They blame the lackadaisical attitude on the part of revenue and highways departments as the reason for the delay. People bound for Podanur railway station from the city have to travel additional 10 km because of the incompletion of the bridge work.\"The works of the bridge have started about 18 months ago but the highway authorities were able to complete only 50% of it so far. The stipulated timeframe to complete the work was 13 months but still it is not completed,'' says V Ramasubrahmanian, a resident of Nanjundapuram.According to senior officials in the department, continuing delay in land acquisition is the major bottleneck in completing the work. There were 50 houses in Nanjundapuram village to be removed for the bridge and the district administration already completed the procedures for the relocation of the affected families. However, the state government's delay in giving a final approval for the rehabilitation is affecting the construction works, say officials.\"If the work has to be completed at the earliest, the government has to pass the approval for land acquisition and rehabilitation. The work may further be delayed if it is not sorted out at the earliest,'' says an official.The entire rail over bridge would be resting on as many as 27 pillars. The width of the bridge would be 8.5 m and the road surface width available for vehicles would be 7.5 m. Works are on now for the two-lane bridge at a cost of Rs 7 crore, says the official.Motorists also suffer due to the delay in completing the NROB project. They are forced to take either a longer route or the diversion road, which was laid at a cost of Rs 30 lakh for a temporary basis along the railway line in Nanjundapuram.\"Before the ROB works begin, there were plenty of bus services in this route. However, the services were reduced later,\" says K Balachandran, a resident of Nanjundapuram. People have to depend on the autorickshaws to reach Ramnathpuram or Podanur, he says. Those having their own vehicle utilize the diversion road. But the roads are no less dangerous after dusk as there are no street lights, he adds. If the work is completed at the earliest, the residents and the motorists can save a lot of time and money, he says.K Kathirmathiyon, secretary of Coimbatore Consumer Cause, says there is no justification for delays in executing road and flyover projects. \"All the possible reasons for delay are known to the officials when they fix the schedule for a project. However, no one takes the responsibility regarding delay of the work and ultimately people suffer because of it. Since, the public are hit when the project execution is getting delayed, there should be norms to ensure projects are executed on time,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584028", "title": "Day 2: Bhangra spreads joy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 350 students from 40 schools of Chandigarh, Panchkula, Pinjore and Parwanoo participated in the events held on the second day of 'The NIE Extravaganza Talent Hunt', held by The Times of India NIE, in association with Ryan International School, Sector 66, Mohali.Colorful and energetic dancers twirled, tapped and rolled engaging the audience with their electric performances. The judges for second day's events were Manish Mahajan, Abhishek Tripathi, Sanjay Mishra, Rahul Gupta and Harmonic Friction.\"The Times NIE and Ryan International School are polishing the talents these children are born with and this would help them a great deal in doing wonders in life,\" said a teacher from Kundan International School-46, Chandigarh.Highlight of the day was the bhangra competition. Students decked up in vibrant costumes enthralled the audience with their bhangra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585117", "title": "Teenagers voice concern over public smoking", "text": "JAIPUR: It was chaos at every nook and corner of Diggi Palace on Saturday. Jostling crowds and queues outside the lavatories irritated many visitors. In the afternoon, the organizers had to close the registration due to a sudden rush. Likewise, a few nonsmokers asked the police to ensure that smoking is not encouraged publicly as so many teenagers and youngsters are around.Because of Saturday and some enriching sessions, a heavy rush was seen at the venue due to which even the commissioner of police B L Soni were jittery.Later, it was found that the schoolchildren who were invited by the organisers to attend the workshop and roaming around the Darbar Hall, were actually more than the expected.Meanwhile, a young man hurled a question to at Soni while he was at the spot for the arrangements. The boy asked, \"Sir is it a public place?\" To this, Soni replied: \"Yes, it is.\" The boy further asked, \"Is smoking allowed at a public place? What are your police doing about it?\"Though the commissioner was taken aback for a second, he assured the youth that his concerns would be taken care of by his men. Later, he asked officers to ensure that organisers should at least have some kind of 'temporary smoking zone'. It has also been told to other officers to penalize those who are seen smoking.The front lawn was the most chaotic as despite the requests by the organizers, people climbed on chairs to seek autographs from 'celebrity' authors. Gulzar, Prasoon Joshi and even Ben Okri were seen looking for some help by the volunteers to find a safe place after completion of their sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584304", "title": "Man held for getting love rival killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old youth has been arrested for getting his colleague bumped off over a woman. The accused, Asant, hired hitman Raju (22) to murder Kalyan (25). Asant told cops that both were trying to woo a 24-year-old widow; but she was \"two-timing\" him, which infuriated him.\"Asant revealed during interrogation that he had come to Delhi to earn his livelihood. The widow, who was her next door neighbour in UP, was forced to come with him due to her poor economic condition. Asant was taken by her beauty and wanted to marry her even though in relation he was her distant father-in-law,\" said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal.Asant got her employed in his own factory: there she got friendly with Kalyan. Asant suspected they had a physical relationship, while Kalyan asked her to quit the job and come away with him.She has two daughters in her Gorakhpur home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584438", "title": "Nursing staff to get new uniforms", "text": "College Road and Haddows Road will get swanky digitized bus shelters soon after the existing shelters are demolished and nursing staff at corporation hospitals will get new uniforms. These are among the corporation's resolutions that will be tabled at the January 27 council meeting. The proposed new look for the nursing staff involves giving them uniforms on the basis of seniority.A nurse will less than 10 years experience will have to wear a white saree with a white blouse or a white salwar suit with white dupatta. A nurse with 10-20 years experience will wear a white saree with a green border. Those with over 20 years experience will be dressed in white and grey. Students undergoing industrial training are likely to get two free sets of uniforms. The civic body has auctioned off 15 tonnes of plastic waste to a private company. With most of the plastic dustbins across the city being broken, the corporation proposed to sell plastic waste at 15 a kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584484", "title": "Body hangs as cops battle over turf", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a 30-year-old man, found hanging from the branch of a tree just behind the government general hospital, lay uncared for more than eight hours since 7am on Saturday, as personnel from two police stations and the government railway police debated on whose jurisdiction the place where the tree is located came under.As the news spread in the area, many people rushed there and stood gawking at the body.Officers from the Triplicane and Flower Bazaar police stations and the government railway police in Egmore rushed there after receiving information and conducted preliminary inquiries but none of them took steps to send the body to the government hospital for autopsy, sources said.It was only after the incident was brought to the knowledge of senior police officers, did the Flower Bazaar police take up the case and send the body for postmortem, the sources added. A case was registered under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code.The man is yet to be identified. He was found wearing a white vest and a maroon lungi. A white shirt and a pair of slippers were in front of him. A rope round his neck was lashed to one of the branches of the tree with a piece torn from his lungi.Police sources said a railway gangman and some passers-by noticed the man hanging from the branch of the tree that was just 6.5 feet tall.When police rushed there the man was in a kneeling position, sources said. There were deep wounds in his legs and police suspect he may have committed suicide because of that.Officers from the Triplicane and Flower Bazaar police stations and the government railway police in Egmore rushed to the spot but did not send the body for autopsy as they debated over the jurisdiction of the tree", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11583999", "title": "Small diamantaires unhappy with SRDSIL's online auction", "text": "SURAT: Small and medium diamond manufacturers opposed the online auction of Rs 100 crore worth of rough diamonds organized by Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited (SRDSIL) on Saturday.Over 150 big diamond firms based in Surat, Mumbai, Israel, Belgium and other locations took part in the auction to buy 57,000 carats of rough diamonds ranging from 50 cent in size to 20 carats.About $10 million worth of big sized stones were sold to various bidders in the first session that ended on Saturday afternoon. SRDSIL office-bearers said they are hopeful of selling all the $19 million worth of rough goods in the auction.The diamantaires argued that the consortium was formed in August 2010 with the objective of sourcing rough diamonds directly from the mining countries and sell them to small and medium diamond manufacturers back home through tender and auction system at competitive rates to lessen the role of middle-man in the diamond markets in Mumbai and Antwerp, who charged hefty premium.The consortium - led by leading diamond companies like Blue Star and Sanghavi Exports - seems to have strayed from the objective as only big diamond firms from India and abroad were invited in the online auction, the diamantaires said.A senior office-bearer of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) and a leader of small and medium diamond firms in the diamond hub of Varachha and Katargam Chandu Sheta said, \"With this online auction, the SRDSIL directors have proved that the consortium is and for the big diamond companies. The consortium has strayed away from the objective of procuring cheap stones for the small and medium firms.\"A small diamond manufacturer in Mahidharpura Naresh Gabani, who was eagerly waiting for SRDSIL auction since 2010, said, \"We strongly oppose the online auction by SRDSIL. At least half of the goods should have been reserved for the small and medium firms.\"Spokesperson for SRDSIL Aagam Sanghavi said, \"The auction was open for all, be it small, big or medium diamond firm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584077", "title": "Admn probe panel did a copy-paste job", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The findings of around three-month administrative probe of 12 missing children from Snehalaya are nothing but a cut-copy-paste of report of fact-finding inquiry by Chandigarh police.The fact-finding inquiry, which was ordered following the reports of The Times of India on September 13, 2011, had already been detected almost all loopholes in Snehalaya functioning, which were detected in the administrative inquiry.The police probe was conducted by a special investigation team (SIT), headed by DSP (south) B S Negi, under whose jurisdiction Snehalaya falls, and findings were submitted before senior officials on September 21, 2011. Though SSP Naunihal Singh had directed SIT to submit report within 48 hours, SIT had failed to meet the deadline and filed it after eight days.The most significant common fact in both the inquiries is that these are completely silent on the role of any individual, including some high-ups and resident managers, who were responsible for security lapses in the UT-run shelter house, Snehalaya.The SIT did not dare to question Social Welfare Department director Varsha Khangwal, officials of Don Bosco Society or took any action against resident manager Ankur Karan Singh Rana, and the administrative probe too, did the same.Moreover, administrative inquiry highlighted shortage of security staff, non-functioning of CCTV cameras, absence of fulltime warden and manager, irregular counting of children, incomplete record about children's arrival and leaving timings, but these were already pointed out by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11592852", "title": "Rushdie issue has been politicised, says Anupam Kher", "text": "JAIPUR: As the Salman Rushdie episode looms large on the Jaipur Literature Festival, actor Anupam Kher today said the issue has been \"politicised\" while former Union minister and MP Shashi Tharoor opined that the controversial author should not be \"reduced to a caricature\" on one issue.\"If we talk about freedom of expression, we should exercise that and allow people to do so, this issue was politicised. It went into a domain where it became difficult to pursue it in a way it should have been. But I am an optimist, and I hope something good will emerge out of this,\" Kher told reporters after the release of his book 'The Best Thing About You Is...You'.The actor-author was commenting on the issue of certain authors reading from the banned 'Satanic Verses' at the event earlier, disregarding festival authorities plea to not do so.Former minister of state for external affairs and Congress MP Shashi Tharoor, who was on a panel today with author Chetan Bhagat and discussing 'Survival strategies in the time of Twitterati\", told reporters on the sidelines that Rushdie should not be \"reduced to a caricature\" on one issue.\"I respect Salman Rushdie as a writer very very much. I think he has written some very important books that have lasted a long time. He should not be reduced to a caricature on one issue...,\" he said.When asked to comment on the festival organisers stopping writers from reading from the banned book, Tharoor said the organisers had asked the four authors not to read from the banned book out of concern.\"I feel that literary festival organisers were anxious that people should not provoke or inflame an issue that is already sensitive that I fully respect,\" he said.Organisers of the festival said they had requested the authors to not read from the banned book keeping in mind security issues that have been pointed out to them.\"We have to care take of authors and so many people who attend the festival. We have to take any perception that is given to us by the authorities seriously. And both the police and the IB have been very supportive thereof. Whether it was true or not, ask them,\" festival producer Sanjoy K Roy said responding to the claims that the intelligence information provided to Rushdie was concocted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584448", "title": "Corpn cites rule book to rein in media", "text": "CHENNAI: With less than a week to go before the next corporation council meeting on Friday, civic officials have circulated a code of conduct that seeks to rein in not just councillors, but the media as well.The code, though issued under Section 31, Rule IV of the Madras City Municipal Corporation Act, 1919, is new information to many, including some officials. Among other things, it reminds that the mayor has the privilege to order journalists to vacate the gallery whenever he/she feels it is required.The first meeting of the present AIADMK-led council in November had allowed video cameras to record the session. However, minutes after the meeting began, media flashed footage of councillors throwing water bottles at each other. The second session saw a ban on video cameras inside the hall, but reporters were allowed to remain in the hall.\"This booklet and the rules mentioned in it look new. We thought it's a set of rules for their own party (AIADMK) members to behave properly,\" said Kalari Muthu, DMK councillor representing Kannappar Thidal in north Chennai.The biggest shocker, some said, was on page two of the booklet. Under the caption, 'Date of council meet, place and time,' it said the monthly session would be held at 3pm and continue till 7.30pm and extended further, if three-fourths of the council endorsed it. In the past, meetings began at 10am and had a marathon session on various civic issues.When contacted by TOI, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy said the rule was to benefit corporation staff. \"In the mornings, many people have to attend to routine work. The civic body comes to a standstill then. This way we can make it easier for the staff to attend,\" he said.Corporation officials said such circulars were not new. The AIADMK-led council had circulated a code of conduct booklet formulated in 1996, by the M K Stalin-led DMK council, to keep off journalists and video-journalists, they added.\"These rules were passed in 1996. We just circulated the same booklet,\" said Rajasekar, council secretary, Chennai Corporation. In the 200-member council, the AIADMK has 171 members, the DMK 24 and the MDMK, PMK and Congress one each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583307", "title": "Seminar held on folk art", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A seminar was organized to discuss folk art and steps needed to preserve it.An speaker Anupam Anand said that the major exponent of Bidesia folk art was Bhikari Thakur. He played a vital role in popularizing this art form. He created this drama and formed a team to popularize it. This art form conveys the agony of a woman whose husband has gone outside for earning money and has not returned. When the narrator asks the woman how he would identify the husband, the agonizing wife reveals the attire of her husband. The separation and union of husband-wife convey through this art form greatly influenced the masses which came to be known as Bidesia. This art form is popular in Bhojpuri regions.Another speaker Uday Chandra Pardesi observed that Bhand is an ancient folk art of Bhojpuri region which is full of humour and satire. However, the sad part is that this art is losing its luster. Originally, they were called to perform during functions. The popular musical instruments accompanied with this art form are nagara, dholak.Vijay Laksmi said that 'Bahurupiya ' is also another art form which is popular in Bhojpuri areas. It could also be the main source of income for the performer. The performer adopts the attire of the different characters and also performs their roles. They roam at different houses and the people give them money for performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584716", "title": "Vice chancellors work under huge pressure: AIU secretary general", "text": "NAGPUR: Secretary general of Association of Indian Universities (AIU) ADN Bajpayee on Saturday expressed serious concern over host of problems faced by the vice-chancellors in recent times all over the country.He was speaking to TOI during his visit to the city regarding 27th Inter-university National Youth Festival (Unifest) which would be inaugurated on Sunday at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall at 11am. AIU chairman Pankaj Chande would grace the occasion.Deliberating on the issue, Bajpayee said VC is a chief executive officer (CEO) of the university and his vision should be turned into reality. \"But they are in the dicey situation and their voice is not listened to properly. They remain in a catch-22 situation and AIU is helping them in this aspect by regularly organizing their meetings and trying to resolve certain issues,\" he said.The secretary general pointed out that increasing number of affiliated colleges, just like Nagpur University which is having highest number of colleges in Maharashtra with over 800, was another area of concern for the VCs. \"They've to deal with host of problems,\" he said.Speaking on quality of higher education, Bajpayee admitted that it is a major concern and AIU is working in this direction. \"We had discussed about introducing public-private partnership (PPP) model in the education and also trying to bring uniformity in the teaching and exam patterns all over the country. We also helped the government in drafting bill regarding reforms in education,\" he said, adding that bills like foreign direct investment (FDI) in higher education, education tribunal bill and national academic deposit bill were pending.He informed that the UGC had sought Rs1,18,644 crore funds from the government under 12th five year plan for improving quality of higher education in the country.On huge vacancy of qualified lecturers which is plaguing the higher education sector in India, the vice-chancellor of Himachal University stated that though the jurisdiction lies with the respective state governments, the vacancies must be filled up to maintain academic standards.Explaining the role of AIU, Bajpayee said that they generally provide equivalence between the universities in India and abroad as well. \"AIU is world's oldest organization of its kind established in 1925 in Shimla by then viceroy Lord Reading. The basic concept was to have interuniversity board for India, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Ceylon ( Sri Lanka ).\"He concluded by stating that AIU actively participates in deciding contents of courses, traditional knowledge system, pattern of syllabus, UGC norms, conduct of examination, and timely declaration of results, and guide the universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11583171", "title": "Madhya Pradesh minister in a spot after making 'tribal' lace shoes", "text": "BHOPAL: A minister in Madhya Pradesh's BJP government has got into a messy tangle after he got a young tribal schoolboy to tie his shoelaces as he sat on the podium during a function to lay the foundation stone of a road project in Chhindwara district. Cooperatives minister Gaurishankar Bisen was shown sitting with Union urban development minister Kamal Nath at Friday's event as the kid tied his laces.Adding to Bisen's embarrassment, the incident was aired on TV. Channels showed the boy once on the podium and later in the fields where the laces came undone as Bisen walked. Kamal Nath said he did not notice the boy tying the minister's laces, but deplored the act.\"I condemn yesterday's act. It is very shameful and unfortunate that it happened. I was sitting on the stage but I had no idea. I was talking to other people and came to know about it eight hours later,\" he said.Bisen claimed the boy in question was neither a tribal nor a student. He said he had been advised by doctors not to bend forward and hence was accompanied by a personal assistant who helped him.The opposition Congress ignored the explanation and grabbed the opportunity to unleash an attack on Bisen, who hogged headlines recently for forcing a Patwari, a district-level government employee, to do sit-ups in full public view. The minister is also known for making controversial remarks. MP Congress media cell in-charge Manak Agrawal said the act showed minister's attitude towards children and tribals. He said it was for chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to explain why and how such people were in his cabinet.Defending the minister, state BJP president Prabhat Jha blamed the media for raking up the controversy and trying to provoke a political crisis. \"There's nothing wrong in it. It was a father-son gesture and the media is highlighting the issue,\" he said.Last September, Bisen had allegedly made derogatory remarks against an upper caste community member, inviting the wrath of his party leaders. As trouble began brewing, Chouhan sought an explanation from him while the state BJP president ordered an inquiry and also set up a two-member party committee to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584810", "title": "Rahman Khan to openmeet on Muslims' woes", "text": "PATNA: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) general secretary and Rajya Sabha member Tariq Anwar on Saturday criticized the UPA government for not implementing the recommendations of Rangnath Mishra commission for the uplift and welfare of Muslims. He said the recent 4.5% reservation to backward minorities, including Muslims, is a good initiative but it is not proper and should be 10% as per the recommendation of the Mishra panel.Anwar said Bihar State Qaumi Tanzim, a non-political front, is holding a conference on Muslim-related issues on Sunday at Anjuman Islamia Hall here, which will be inaugurated by Rajya Sabha deputy chairman K Rahman Khan and Union minister of state for tourism Sultan Ahmad will be the chief guest. The conference, to be chaired by Anwar, will be addressed, among others, by Jamia Millia's Islamic Studies head, Akhtarul Wasey.\"This front will highlight the problems facing the Muslim community and seek the support of all the social, religious and political organizations for their solution,\" said Anwar, who is also chairman of Tanzim. He said Muslims, particularly in Bihar, are facing acute socio-economic and financial problems. Anwar also expressed serious concern over the arrest of Muslim youths in fabricated cases and denial of justice to the victims of Forbesganj police firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585810", "title": "City faces dengue, chikungunya threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The mounting garbage heaps in the city have become a cause of concern with the district health administration confirming the spread of diseases like dengue and chikungunya.\"Garbage heaps have increased the number of mosquitoes in certain areas of the capital city and this is helping the spread of diseases,\" said National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) district programme manager Dr Unnikrishnan. However, he said that there was no need to panic since it is not an epidemic.Steps have been taken for source reduction and fogging has been intensified in the areas where cases of fever have been reported. Most of the cases have been identified in the coastal belt of the district, he said. The areas between Poonthura and Veli have been identified as most sensitive as the garbage menace is the worst there. Apart from this, certain pockets of Valiyathura have also been identified as vulnerable. Every day at least five case of dengue or chikungunya are reported from this area since last week. So far, 24 cases of dengue have been reported from these coastal areas.Intermittent rains are also a cause of concern for the authorities. They have confirmed that rain and water-logging have also increased the mosquito density in the coastal belt. Since the atmosphere is mostly wet in these areas, burning of waste has also become a difficult task.The district health administration is also planning to organize a series of medical camps in these areas. More ASHA workers and health inspectors have been deployed to spread awareness. \"Activities to control the spreading of fever are also in full swing and the situation is under control. All hospitals in these area have been stocked with necessary medicines,\" said Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589174", "title": "Award for Thoonga Nagaram director", "text": "Director Gaurav, who debuted in Kollywood in 2011 with Thoonga Nagaram, has been awarded the best debutant director award by EMITAA, the Emirates Tamilians Association.EMITAA is a non-profit social welfare organization in the UAE that aims to promote Tamil and the culture in the cyber world.Set in the temple town of Madurai, Thoonga Nagaram is about a group of four callous friends (played by Vimal, Barani, Nishanth and Gaurav), whose lives undergo a drastic transformation after an incident. The film stars Anjali as the female lead.The film, produced by Dhayanidhi Alagiri's Cloud Nine Movies, was released on February 4, 2011 and was a critical and commercial hit. Top comedian Vadivelu, who hails from Madurai, served as the narrator of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584816", "title": "You car may burn more tax cash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vehicle owners and those owning commercial properties will have to pay higher taxes in 2012, if the budget proposed by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Saturday is accepted. Officials have proposed a Rs 4,181 crore budget for 2012-13 and hope to rake in Rs 60 crore by hiking conservancy and vehicle taxes. The budget will now be presented to the standing committee which will decide its fate.Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra said the budget was about five per cent higher than last year. AMC had proposed a budget of Rs 3,951 crore in 2011-12. \"Of the Rs 60 crore additional taxes, Rs 20 crore will come from vehicle tax,\" he said.So far AMC was charging a flat vehicle tax of Rs 1,000 for two-wheelers, and Rs 2,000 for cars. In the proposed budget, however, two-wheeler owners will be expected to pay 2.5 per cent of the base price of the vehicle while car-owners will have to pay one per cent.Sources in AMC said according to their estimates, about 40 per cent of all cars sold in the city have a base price of over Rs 6 lakh. Besides, it did not make sense to charge the same amount - Rs 2,000 - from someone who had bought a Rs 4 lakh car and someone who had bought a Rs 40 lakh luxury car.Officials also decided to go easy on residential properties in the city and charge higher conservancy tax for commercial establishments. Conservancy is the charge one pays for the various services, including drainage, health, solid waste management and managing stray cattle. Mohapatra said the focus of the corporation would be on green and clean Ahmedabad.He said that the AMC proposes to connect each and every area with piped drinking water and adequate drainage facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584248", "title": "Unprotected oral sex may cause head, neck cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can HPV, a virus associated with cervical cancer in women , be transmitted sexually? New research and clinical results show that this can happen if a man has unprotected oral sex with a female partner who is infected with the virus. It can cause cancer of the head and neck, particularly in the upper throat. In the past few years, experts say, many such cases have been reported from European countries.With head and neck cancer among non-smokers on the rise in India, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and the European Commission have collaborated to explore the role of this virus in causing the fatal condition in India.\"The results of research in this area should contribute to prevention and early treatment of infection-related cancers in Europe and India, which is likely to be facilitated through vaccination, early detection and identification of high-risk populations,\" said a senior ICMR official.Dr Anshuman Kumar, senior cancer surgeon (head &amp; neck unit) at Dharamshila Cancer Hospital and Research Centre, said tobacco and alcohol consumption are the chief causes of head and neck cancer. However, there has been an increase in cases of non-smokers suffering from cancer of head and neck. \"HPV infection is the suspected cause in such cases. But there is no exact data as patients try to hide such details,\" he said.Dr Ullas Batra, consultant oncologist at Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Institute, agreed that cases of non-smokers developing cancer of head and neck (where tumour growth occurs in the tonsils, base of the tongue and upper throat) have been growing.\"We suspect unprotected oral sex and multiple partners to be the main cause. This has been documented in research studies carried out in the west, but exactly how the infection spreads is not known yet,\" said Batra.He said that they do not conduct HPV testing routinely in their hospital or insist that the patients describe their sexual behaviour as that does not change modality of treatment for the disease. \"The prognosis and treatment of head and neck cancer in non-smoking patients is faster though and so is life expectancy,\" he added.According to a WHO report, HPV infection is a well-established cause of cervical cancer.HPV infection is suspected to be a major reason for rise of head and neck cancer among non-smokers in India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585409", "title": "Healthcare major may shift to suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a year after Hindustan Unilever relocated to Andheri (E), another corporate biggie has plans to relocate to the suburbs. Healthcare major Johnson &amp; Johnson (J&J;) is in talks with leading developer Hiranandani Constructions to lease approximately over 3 lakh sq ft of space for their corporate headquarters in Powai.Currently, the company operates from its 1 lakh-sq-ft office complex on Forjett Street in Tardeo. While a deal has not yet been formally sealed, the firm has agreed for rentals rates for approximately over Rs 30 crore a month or Rs 100 per sq ft. Niranjan Hiranandani, managing director of Hiranandani Group of Companies, said, \"There is no final binding agreement with J&J; as yet,\" said Hiranandani.In a statement, J&J; said the company has not finalized any plan for relocating from its current address. The company's plan is significant for another reason. \"J&J; would be among the five-odd corporates, including Bayer , to construct their own headquarters as per their requirements.Normally, developers construct 'build-to-suit offices' for those in the information technology business,\" said an industry expert. Experts believe the multinational's move was long expected.\"The plan is in line with the trend of corporates, multinationals and banks relocating to the suburbs due to high real estate prices and the advantage of integrating operations within a single office space. Such a trend is significant at a time when office rental rates are low,\" said a consultant.In Powai, where the commercial rental rates are approximately Rs 120 to Rs 130 per sq ft, J&J; is expected to pay between Rs 20 and Rs 30 per sq ft less for leasing the premises for over 15 years.Compared to south Mumbai (barring Lower Parel where rentals are low due to oversupply) and BKC, office rental rates are about 30% lower in the suburbs.\"By shifting out, companies are able to ensure better quality of life for employees. Staffers get more office space. Earlier, due to real estate costs people were packed together and space was restricted to less than 50 sq ft per person,\" said a broker.Banks prefer GoregaonProminent movers to the suburbs include Pfizer, SIDBI, Citibank, Max New York Life, IBM , GE Plastics, Intel , Essar, Star Radio and Dow Corning. Standard Chartered moved a significant part of its operations to the western suburbs.The bank purchased an over 1,36,000 sq ft building in Goregaon (Standard Chartered Tower) to house its consumer bank management and central units. Later, Kotak Mahindra Bank that moved its operations into a five lakh sq ft tower at Raheja's Infinity Park in Goregaon (E).Deutsche Bank followed suit by shifting a large part of its operations into new premises measuring 1.9 lakh sq ft again in Goregaon. Deutsche Bank is in talks again for one lakh sq ft office space in in BKC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583211", "title": "'Declare AU union poll date'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students of Allahabad University met the new election officer, professor B N Singh, on Saturday and handed him a memorandum demanding immediate declaration of student union election date. The students urged that it would be better if the election is conducted in the first week of February so that students could concentrate on their studies during March when examinations are scheduled. Student leader Vivekananda Pathak said, \"It is a matter of appreciation that the university has given its nod to conduct the election. Students had to tread a long path of struggle for about six years for this.\" tnn Meanwhile, district president of Youth Congress Abhishek Shukla thanked Rahul Gandhi for restoration of the Allahabad University student union election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585367", "title": "Why no one ever forgets a good teacher", "text": "The future of our children is at stake. They are attending schools, government and private, but not learning enough. For a country known as a software power, it's a shock to learn that large numbers of children in India don't know the basics. Is it possible that they are just average learners? Or should we squarely blame the quality of teaching?\"It's a cumulative set of issues but I think the lack of accountability of teachers is the real problem,\" says Vimala Ramachandran, managing director of ERU Consultants, a research and consulting group that works on education and child development. \"They are not accountable whether children are learning or not. Some of my studies have shown that most government primary school children study less than half-an-hour at school.\" Many government teachers come to school, mark attendance, do some administrative work and leave. \"Where there are three teachers in one school, only one would be present; they take turns in coming to school.\"There's no job insecurity in government schools; the starting salary is Rs 20,000 after the Sixth Pay Commission, and even the work is reportedly much less than in private schools. Then what prevents teachers from teaching? \"In West Bengal, 89% of the children go for tuition. That's because teachers don't take responsibility,\" says Ramachandran.Some of the crores that have been poured into Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, the government's flagship programme for meeting the target of universal elementary education, have gone into teacher training. But \"no one asks the teachers what training they want. Somebody else plans and the teachers are forced to go. I have interviewed some 1000 teachers and most said the training was irrelevant,\" says Ramachandran.However, no training programme can fix a bigger problem - a basic lack of knowledge. Gujarat's education department recently conducted teacher aptitude tests for primary, secondary and higher secondary teachers. Only 33% of primary teachers and 48.68% of secondary and higher secondary teachers qualified by securing a minimum 50% marks. And yet, the HRD ministry's Statistics of School Education 2009-10 claims the state has 100% trained teachers at all levels in its schools!The Right to Education Act 2009 has made it mandatory that every primary and upper primary teacher has to clear the teacher eligibility test and should be trained. \"Private schools are unhappy with this because they have to get all their teachers trained,\" says Vinod Raina, educationist and a member of the RTE drafting committee. \"Parents see a difference in quality between government and private schools. But there's no difference at all - private teachers are like lowpaid slave labour,\" he says.Parents complain of teachers rushing to finish syllabus, not checking classwork, giving excessive homework. But teachers say they just don't have time anymore, thanks to CCE (continuous and comprehensive evaluation), introduced two years ago. \"Our written work has increased. The maximum time is spent in keeping records. Earlier, I used to call weak students after school for extra guidance. Now I just don't have the stamina,\" says a maths teacher in a South Delhi private school.Where's the time for correcting copies, then? Or even to do some oral reading in class? \"One period lasts 40 minutes and there are 40 children on average per class,\" says Delhi-based retired teacher Usha Surendran. \"How do you do justice to each child? Only the serious ones learn. The average child suffers.\"Also, children now know that till Class VIII they cannot be denied promotion however low they score. \"Many of them are very casual about studies. In a class of 40, only 10 are interested in learning about geometry,\" says the maths teacher.The primary focus of the government has been to enrol children in schools. That challenge is over even though it doesn't mean the children are present in schools. But the government neglected the learning part. Now we know the hard way why the focus should be always on learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583276", "title": "Cong plans to highlight its \u2018welfare efforts\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress core committee, headed by AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad, on Saturday decided to launch a month-long campaign to create awareness among the people about the numerous welfare programmes initiated by the centre and the state government.As part of the campaign, each minister will make extensive tours of the districts to study the schemes and submit a report to the government on the people's perception of the welfare measures.According to PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, the schemes will be either improved upon or modified, according to the feedback from the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11585739", "title": "Best friends stick together over pedalling", "text": "LUDHIANA: Saravjot Sandhu, a resident of Passi Nagar on Pakhowal Road and Model House-resident Harsimranjeet (Harry) Sambhi can spend all day long with each other and their trendy cycles. ''Friends forever'', that is what the two like to call themselves and their cycles.The duo chose to buy their bicycles together in 2011 although they had their own choices. While Saravjot bought Ashwin, expert frontier bike, Harry bought a Fire Fox , Toxin ( BMX) bike because he likes stunt cycles. Preparing for All India Engineering Entrance Exam ( AIEEE), the 18-year-olds now go for all their tuitions together on the cycles and invite envious looks.''Our parents are very happy because we cycle a lot and it is good for staying fit. However, they were not very supportive when we first told them about our desire to buy cycles. They thought we will only end up wasting money,'' said Harry.Saravjot, whose father works in the police department, said it was very hard to convince him about the cycle. ''He felt that it was merely a passing craze and after the novelty wore off, the cycle would rust in the garage. But, now he is happy that we are putting the cycle to good use,\" said Saravjot.The boys' most-loved destination for pedalling is Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and they like to ''steal'' time from tuitions and studies to cycle in the clean and green campus. ''Both of us are planning to learn cycling stunts also but only after our exams,'' said Harry.Ruing that the city's traffic scene is pathetic, they said apart from the problem of polluting vehicles, the lack of arrangements for pedestrians and cyclists is causing a lot of chaos. ''We want the authorities to make separate lanes for cyclists and provide proper parking space in the markets and malls,\" said Saravjot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584271", "title": "Deepak Chopra in city tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speakingtree.in, in collaboration with the Association of British Scholars (ABS) India, Delhi Chapter, will be presenting \"The future of well being - an evening with Deepak Chopra\" on January 23, 2012, at the Chinmaya Mission, Lodhi Road. The event, which will bring Dr Chopra and his revolutionary views on wellness, will be streamed live on Speakingtree.in.Dr Chopra says modern medicine will move away from its current reductionist model and look at body and mind as one integrated model. In his opinion, handheld wellness devices, stem-cell technology and cloning will be at the forefront of health in the future.\"Speakingtree.in is the world's first online spiritual networking platform for people seeking advice to interact with spiritual gurus. The website is an endeavour to bring in spiritual sensitivity and positively impact people's lives. We are happy to be associated with Dr Deepak Chopra and contribute in bringing awareness of one's mental and physical well-being,\" said Rishi Khiani, CEO, Times Internet Limited. \"We are thrilled to be part of the constant intellectual evaluation, with an emphasis on information sharing with scholars and scientists across the globe,\" said Vipan Chopra, president, ABS India (Delhi Chapter).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589152", "title": "I had stolen money: Chandan Roy Sanyal", "text": "Chandan Roy Sanyal is happy being called the dark horse of 'Aparajita Tumi' by composer Shantanu Moitra Priyanka Dasgupta Chandan Roy Sanyal is overwhelmed by the response to his second Bengali movie titled \"Aparajita Tumi\".It wasn't an easy task to hold his ground in front of a veteran actor like Prosenjit Chatterjee who was part of the movie's ensemble cast. But the response that Chandan has already got for the movie has been stupendous. Says Chandan, \"I was overwhelmed by the compliments I have been getting. Lyricist Chandril came up to me at the premiere and said he loved my work. Composer Shantanu Moitra was very sweet while complimenting me. He told me that my scenes looked so complete that he didn't want to add anything to the background. That's a huge high for an actor.On a lighter vein, Shantanu said that while the rest of the cast toiled hard for the film, I spontaneously turned into a dark horse.\" Ask Chandan if he believes in the mantra of his on-screen avatar of 'lobhe e paap aar paap e mukti' (temptation leads to sin which again leads to freedom) and the actor says, \"Yes, I do. I ignored my parents' sorrow to give in to my temptation of becoming an actor and then left home to try my luck in Mumbai. Acting has been liberating for me. As for sin, I had once stolen Rs 50. The currency had fallen from someone's pocket. I knew the person but instead of returning the money, I spent partly on food and used the rest to pay for my conveyance.That was during my struggle days. I was too hungry to return the money to the person. In fact, at the premiere, I was narrating this story to my co-star, Padmapriya,\" recalls Chandan, who is now awaiting the release of \"Love You To Death\" on February 3. Looking back, does he think he can confess his \"crime\"? \"In fact, I have already done that four years ago. His name is Karl Alphonso. He is an old friend. He is a stage manager at Oregan Theatre in America. He was cool with me when I confessed,\" Chandan signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11584575", "title": "Sri Sri's ashram opens at Bodh Gaya", "text": "GAYA: With the performance of the Rudrabhishekh rituals, the Bodh Gaya ashram of Sri Sri Ravishankar, the Art of Living (AoL) founder, was off to a splendid start on Saturday evening. The rituals comprising hymns and bhajans were performed in the presence of a sizeable number of Sri Sri Ravishankar's followers, including nearly 200 foreign devotees - mostly Chinese and Japanese. AoL's European followers were also present.The ashram at village Shekhwara near Bodh Gaya off NH-82 is spread over 13 acres of land with facilities for meditation and stay in a serene ambience. The centre is likely to attract visitors from different parts of the world as Sri Sri Ravishankar has followers in over 150 countries across the world. Besides spiritual programmes, Sri Sri Ravishankar's Bodh Gaya ashram will also focus on social services, including development of leadership qualities among youths, programme to save girl child and other training programmes.Earlier on Thursday, while addressing a religious congregation at Gaya Gandhi Maidan, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar announced programmes to promote organic farming so that farmers shun chemical fertilizers and sell off their products at lucrative prices. He also announced the creation of an employment bureau to help the unemployed lot of the region.The AoL founder, who spent Friday night at his newly built ashram in Shekhwara village under the Bodh Gaya block area, began his day on Saturday with a visit to the world famous Mahabodhi Temple, the seat of Buddha's enlightenment where a wandering prince attained enlightenment and graduated to divinity about 2,500 years ago. Throwing light on his choice of Bodh Gaya for his ashram, he said there was something very holy about Gaya and Bodh Gaya on account of the Vishnupad (footprints of Lord Vishnu, the preserver) and the seat of Buddha's enlightenment.After visiting the Mahabodhi Temple, Sri Sri left for Madanpur in Aurangabad, which is considered a hotbed of Maoist activities. Madanpur is infamous for the second biggest massacre in the state next only to Laxmanpur Bathe in Arwal district. Sri Sri Ravishankar led a satsang in the Maoist bastion. Reports reaching the divisional headquarters say that at Madanpur too, Sri Sri urged Maoists to shun violence and join him in the task of nation building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584489", "title": "Drunk driver mows down man", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old businessman, Prem Anand of Villivakkam, was fatally knocked down by a car on Thursday evening while standing on the side of a road with a friend near Muttukadu. The driver of the Tata Sumo which knocked him down was drunk, police said.While two other occupants of the Sumo managed to escape, the driver, John Bosco, 28, of Perumbakkam near Sholinganallur, was thrashed by residents before being handed over to the Adyar traffic investigation police who registered a case under Section 185 (drunken driving) of the Motor Vehicles Act, apart from IPC Section 304 (a) (causing death due to negligent driving).Prem Anand, who ran a lathe machine shop in the Ambattur Industrial Estate, went to Muttukadu to meet his friend Srinivasan of Neelankarai, who works in a medical shop. The two were standing on the road side, chatting, when the accident occurred.Police said John Bosco picked up two passersby on his way to Chennai from Puducherry and while negotiating a turn, lost control and smashed into Prem Anand, killing him on the spot.Police recovered 48 bottles of liquor from the car. John Bosco claimed the car belonged to a Congress functionary of Perumbakkam and said he was returning home from Puduchery where he had gone to buy liquor for a family function, police said. Police said this was the second fatal accident caused due to drunk driving in the past 20 days.On January 15, 50-year-old Chinna Ponnu of Mylapore was run over by an autorickshaw driver, who was drunk, near Foreshore Estate. Police arrested the auto driver, Suresh, of Ice House, after a medical examination at the government hospital in Royapettah confirmed he was drunk.\"We have seized Suresh's autorickshaw and John Bosco's Tata Sumo,\" a police officer said. Both were later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11585863", "title": "All illegal ration cards of officials to be cancelled", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to cancel the ration cards of all the government officials who got illegally enlisted in the BPL category. Nearly 24,000 ineligible persons are learnt to have procured BPL ration cards.The government had earlier directed such officials to convert their BPL cards to APL before January 15. However only 8,000 officials got their cards converted. The government will soon cancel the ration cards possessed by the rest of the officials. The government has also noted that some of the officials have obtained BPL ration cards in other persons' names. Such cards will also be cancelled.The government has also directed to initiate legal proceedings against officials who procure and possess ration cards illegally.Those who are financially well placed have also been found to own BPL cards. Labour Minister Shibu Baby John said that all those irregularities will be rectified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588749", "title": "Bunny left out in the cold", "text": "The cast and crew of director Trivikram Srinivas's latest Telugu venture have just begun filming for the second schedule of the flick in Hyderabad.Allu Arjun and Nanban girl Ileana are the lead pair in this movie, billed as an action entertainer. A few high-octane action episodes are being shot in the middle of the night by the crew. \"With the temperatures dropping the past few days, shooting in the night was proving to be quite a challenge. To make matters worse, the action episodes had to be filmed in the rain, which required Bunny a k a Allu to be dressed in just a T-shirt and denims. By the end of the shoot, he was literally shivering. No amount of steaming coffee would help. But he insisted on completing the shoot nevertheless as re-doing the sets again would incur further costs,\" says a source. Playing the 'hero' is indeed a lot of hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583906", "title": "Navy to have safe coast theme in R-Day tableau", "text": "NEW DELHI: With intensive naval patrolling deterring pirates from operating in eastern Arabian Sea near the Indian coast, the Navy has chosen to depict \"safe seas and secure coasts for strong nation\" in its tableau for the Republic Day parade next week.\"We have maintained continuous patrols in the Gulf of Aden since October 2008, safely escorting 1,905 merchant vessels through the strategic trade route and thwarting 40 piracy attempts,\" said an officer.\"Moreover, with additional patrolling in the sea lanes of communication in eastern Arabian Sea, it has been ensured that there were no piracy incidents in the region for the last six months,\" he added.The naval tableau has models of a Delhi-class destroyer, an IL-38 long-range maritime patrol aircraft, a spy drone and \"a globe\" to depict the Navy's \"long sea legs\". \"There are also models of a recently-inducted fast interceptor craft and a Sea King helicopter that also indicate the stepped-up anti-piracy patrols and coastal security measures,\" he added.India has for long been advocating a combined effort by all navies, under the United Nations flag, to tackle the threat of piracy off Somalia . The government has also cleared more aggressive \"rules of engagement (RoE)'' and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for Indian warships to take the battle to the pirates in non-hostage situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583038", "title": "Nine militant outfits to lay down arms before PC on Jan 24", "text": "GUWAHATI: Union home minister P Chidambaram will attend the arms laying down ceremony of nine militant outfits of the state here on January 24. Chief public relations officer of Assam Police K Borgohain said the ceremony will take place in the presence of the home minister and chief minister Tarun Gogoi.Among the nine militant outfits are five Adivasi groups - All Adivasi National Liberation Army, Adivasi Cobra Militans of Assam, Birsa Commando Force, Santhal Tiger Force and Adivasi People's Army. The rest are Kuki Liberation Army, United Kuki Democratic Army, Kuki Revolutionary Army and Hmar Peoples Convention (Democratic). All of them are already in ceasefire mode. With this, the once militancy infested state will be left with just the Ulfa hardliners led by Paresh Baruah outside the peace talks regime. The centre has recently signed the peace accord with United People's Democratic Solidarity , which is the second such agreement in 10 years after the accord with Bodo Liberation Tigers.Peace accords with Dima Halam Daogah (Nunisa) and Karbi Longri NC Hills Liberation Front (KLNLF) are being worked out while talks are one with the pro-talks faction of Ulfa and National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11590024", "title": "Celebrate Republic Day with Radhika Chanana's special line of jewellery", "text": "Celebrate Republic Day with Radhika Chanana's special line of jewelleryDesigner Radhika Chanana has come up with a special line of accessories so you could falunt your partriotic spirit on Republic Day. ICE Accessories by Radhika Chanana consists of versatile precious and semi-precious pieces, perfect for every festive occasion this season.The precious jewelry collection consists of Indian Jadau pieces made in pure gold with beautiful designs encrusted with polki, tourmaline, coral, turquoise and other stones. This line consists of stunning earrings, beautiful strung necklaces and large rings and bracelets or 'Bajubands' and cuffs. The price range of the semi-precious collection is Rs 3000 and up for earrings, Rs 2800 and up for neckpieces and Rs 4000 and up for bracelets whereas that of precious collection starts at Rs 14,000 and goes up to Rs 2,00,000.deblina.chakravorty@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585113", "title": "LOL, it\u2019s good for you", "text": "Tell a Pygmy a good joke and he will drop to the floor and roll on the ground in side-slapping , uproarious laughter.The Dobuans of New Guinea, on the other hand, revile laughter and enjoy misery. Feuding Greenland Inuits resolve disputes by publicly humiliating themselves to see who gets laughed at the most. Laughter is seriously complex. It can convey meaning more effectively than words and is a language in itself. After crying, laughter is the next big communicative milestone in human development and evolves from a baby's giggle into a social tool.But what is laughter, and what is its purpose? For such an integral facet of humanity, the academic study of laughter and humour is still a relatively new field. One of the best documented examples of the effect laughter can have on health involves the writer Norman Cousins, who was diagnosed with a debilitating spinal disease and given a one in 500 chance of survival in 1964. Rather than stay in hospital, he checked into a hotel where he took large doses of vitamin C and devised a treatment programme consisting of positive behaviours such as laughter, love and joy. He watched as much comedy as he could, including episodes of Candid Camera and Marx Brothers movies and found that over time, laughter stimulated chemicals in his body which allowed him several hours of painfree sleep.He continued the treatment until, eventually, his disease went into remission and he was able to return to work. He wrote: \"I made the joyous discovery that 10 minutes of genuine belly laughter had an anaesthetic effect and would give me at least two hours of painfree sleep.\"Since then, numerous scientists have conducted tests with similar results. The University of Maryland, for example, conducted a study where people were shown funny movies to gauge the effect on cardiac health. The results , presented at the American College of Cardiology, showed that laughter appeared to cause the inner lining of blood vessels - the endothelium - to dilate, thus increasing blood flow.As well as benefits for the individual , laughter and humour can also help heal communities. In a pioneering project in an underprivileged part of Bradford, Stephanie Davies, a pre-eminent laughter expert, has used principles from her Laughology model to promote resilience and help people cope in difficult situations. Her theory is that the more resilient we are, the more likely we are to be happy.Laughology aims to get people to remember 'laughter triggers' - funny memories - to help them feel positive . The theory goes, this process has an impact on emotions and a person's emotional responses to situations. \"If we laugh we feel better about a situation, if we see something in a different way and find the humour in it we can almost take a mental step back from it and not be so negatively emotionally involved,\" Davies expounds.But can laughter really be spread through society? It is certainly contagious. Researchers at the University College of London found the brain responds to the sound of laughter by preparing the muscles in the face to laugh and smile. Our predisposition to laugh when others laugh was a behavioural trait exploited in live recorded US sitcoms where the audiences were often seeded with paid extras picked specifically for their infectious laughs.In very rare cases, this infection can reach epidemic levels, as it did in 1962 in Tanzania when there was a recorded outbreak of hysteria near the village of Kashasha on the western coast of Lake Victoria. The epidemic began with one girl laughing hysterically in a classroom. The school was forced to close down and the students were sent home. The epidemic then spread to villages where some of the affected girls lived. In April and May in one village, 217 people had laughing attacks. In addition to hysterical laughter, symptoms included pain, fainting, respiratory problems, rashes, attacks of crying and random screaming.While there was nothing funny about the outbreak, it did show laughter can be contagious on a grand scale. And in these difficult times, a feel-good injection like that would be no laughing matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11584773", "title": "Ex-dy mayor seeks anticipatory bail in octroi evasion case", "text": "VADODARA: Former deputy mayor Suresh Rajput has sought anticipatory bail from a city court here in connection with an offence of octroi evasion registered against him. Rajput was accused of evading octroi at his gas agency.The offence against Rajput was registered in 2007 by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC).The civic body had alleged that Rajput distributed gas cylinders in the city from his agency Ms Hariom Gas Agency.The civic body had claimed that Rajput was to pay octroi at a rate of four per cent for the price of every cylinder he sold in the city. But this was allegedly not done and Rajput was accused of evading Rs 31.98 lakh as octroi. The civic body registered an offence regarding the incident at the crime branch of the city police.The offence also named Rajput's wife Bhavana as an accused in the case.Rajput said he had earlier sought a stay on the investigations offence against him from Gujarat high court. \"However, the petition was rejected as the lawyer could not remain present for a hearing. We have filed a restoration petition in the high court, but in the meantime also moved the anticipatory bail petition,\" he said.The petition will come up for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585363", "title": "Couple held for murder of Bhayander real estate agent", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajendra Shah (55), the real estate agent who was found dead in his Bhayander shop last month, was offered sweets laced with sedatives before being stabbed for more than 15 times.The Bhayander police have arrested the accused, Jignesh Chitliya (32) and Anita Jadhav (37), who worked with Shah. The motive was robbery.According to the police, the two stayed at Jadhav's flat in Nalasopara. A widow with three children, Jadhav was reportedly going through a financial crisis. Chitliya, a police informer, hatched a plot with Jadhav and planned to murder their employer and rob him. The couple met Shah at his office at Devchand Nagar in Bhayander on December 29, last year, and offered him the spiked sweets.As Shah fell unconscious, Chitliya stabbed him repeatedly with a knife-the autopsy report showed 15 wounds on the deceased's body-before the two disappeared with 170 gm gold ornaments worn by Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584488", "title": "136 AI Exp fliers stranded at airport for over 24 hrs", "text": "KOLKATA: A four-hour flight turned into a 24-hour nightmare for 136 passengers on board an Air India Express flight on Saturday. When the AI Express flight to Singapore landed at Kolkata airport from Dhaka around 2.30 am on Saturday, the 76 passengers who arrived in it and the 59 who boarded the aircraft in Kolkata had no clue about the ordeal in store.Boarding over, the door of flight IX 932 was shut and passengers settled in their seats. However, when the aircraft didn't roll long past the departure time, some of the fliers got restless. Queries drew varied response from the stewards.While some said poor weather at Singapore had led to the delay, others said a technical snag had held up the plane.\"Initially,we were told of a 10-minute delay. Half-an-hour later we were told the plane would leave in an hour. This went on for two and a half hours. Finally, around 5.30 am, the captain said the plane could not take off till the snag was repaired and requested us to disembark and move to the lounge,\" said Samir Mukherjee, a professor on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "11589691", "title": "Another attack on Tamil Nadu fishermen by Lankan navy; 9 missing", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): Nine fishermen from here were missing and more than 200 boats damaged in an alleged attack by Sri Lankan naval personnel at the International Maritime Boundary Line in Palk Strait, officials said.Fishermen from the island who had put out to sea in more than 600 boats were fishing near the IMBL when they were allegedly surrounded by Sri Lankan Naval personnel and attacked with stones, forcing them to return to the shores, fisheries officials said quoting the fishermen.This is the first attack on Tamil Nadu fishermen allegedly by the neighbouring Republic's navy after External Affairs Minister S M Krishna raised the issue with authorities in Colombo during his four-day visit last week.Ahead of Krishna's visit, the Joint Working Group on Fisheries between the two countries also discussed the issue with the Indian side stressing that use of force against fishermen, including by civilians, is not justifiable under any circumstances.Officials said nine fishermen onboard two of the 600 boats did not return to shore. However, it was not known whether they had been taken into custody by Sri Lankan Navy or had strayed somewhere else.According to fisherman Justin, whose boat was pelted with stones, the Lankan Navalmen attacked them with big stones damaging the windscreen of many boats. They also cut off the fishing nets and took them away.More than 200 boats suffered damage in 'the heavy shower' of stones, said another fisherman Jagadheesh, who suffered cut injury in his leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11584767", "title": "Picnic turns into tragedy as student, teacher die in mishap", "text": "BHANDARA: The joy of picnic did not last long for the students of Banera High School in Balaghat district when a matador carrying them fell in a 30-foot valley near Hanuman temple, Chandpur on Friday evening, killing a girl student and a teacher on the spot.Forty students sustained injuries and were admitted to Tumsar Rural Hospital and Government General Hospital here. The condition of 10 of the students is serious.Nearly 100 students and their teachers had gone in two matadors to Hanuman temple at Chandpur, 10km from village Sihora in Bhandara district on Friday morning. The temple is situated on a hillock. The picnickers went for site-seeing and bird watching. Later, the two matadors started for home.While one of the matadors crossed the sloppy road, another dashed against the protection wall built for safety and fell in the valley. Such was the impact that the occupants came under the matador after the fall and were finding it difficult to come out.Blood was oozing out all around and students were crying for help. When the villagers heard the screams, they rushed and rescued them. However, girl student Rajeshwari Pacheshwar (12) and teacher Sanjay Patle (35), residents of Banera in Katangi tehsil, were found dead in the matador due to serious injuries.Sources said that as per temple rules, the entry of cars and other four-wheelers is banned. But villagers said that the temple authorities permit such vehicles to reach atop the hillock. The matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585311", "title": "'Fatwas are a different game'", "text": "Mohammed Hanif, the author of works such as 'A Case of Exploding Mangoes' and 'Our Lady of Alice Bhatti' , was one of the most sought-after persons at the Jaipur Fest. He tells Archana Khare Ghose that fatwas are rarely followed by the average MuslimWhat do you think of the ruckus around Salman Rushdie's participation in the festival?You should go to the website of religious bodies that issue fatwas every now and then and ask Muslims on the streets if they follow them faithfully. More than 90% will say no. So, it's a different game altogether. It's unfortunate that Salman Rushdie is not able to participate in this festival.What is the outlook of the young in Pakistan?I'm not too sure of the statistics but Pakistan is a very young country - apparently, 60% are under 24 years of age. The young here are sick and tired of traditional and dynastic politics and they want change.How would you analyse the political drama unfolding in Pakistan today?The media looks for drama and the collapse of the government would make dramatic news. Pakistan has always been a struggling democracy and no elected government has completed its term. This one has completed four years and the opposition wants to pack it off. There is tension between the elected government and its political rivals and it's a 4-5 way fight. This situation can't be resolved overnight and we must not draw any dramatic conclusions.How important are literary awards for an author's career?Literary awards are good only if you get them. When you are nominated for a certain award, you start thinking that maybe you would win it too but it's like a lottery ticket. A friend of mine told me an interesting thing when I was nominated for an award -- that it would help me get more readers. He said the three people in the jury would have to read the book and at least, I would have got three more readers.And what about your readers in Pakistan?Frankly, when there are so many wars going on in Pakistan at the same time, I don't think anybody cares for a small book.Is there any real life inspiration for your last book, 'Our Lady of Alice Bhatti' ?My first job was with a group of women who were very brave and I was a token male employee with them. I learnt a lot from them. I have come across many other brave women who are not direct inspirations for my writings but have affected it in some way. But this book is not at all their story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584994", "title": "Ragas to preserve Gujarati literature", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a bid to preserve the heritage of vernacular literature and language, Vishwakosh and Lalitkala Kendra have started a series of music concerts in which poems of Gujarati literary stalwarts are rendered in raga-based compositions.This is a mammoth task and these organizations have already conducted more than nine concerts within the last 16 months. The ninth concert of the series - Paan Lilu Joyu Ne Tame Yaad Avya - performed by Amar Bhatt was hosted at Vishwakosh Bhavan on Saturday. The event was attended by about 500 listeners.Poet Harindra Dave's poetry, which includes popular Gujarati poems like Paan lilu joyu ne tame yaad avya, Madhav kyay nathi madhuvan ma, Kanha ne bandhya heer na dore, were performed in semi-classical format by composer and singer Amar Bhatt.A noted singer and advocate, Amar Bhatt said: \"This is a novel way to merge classical music and vernacular literature to popularize it in a way which can attract the new generation's interest. In order to preserve the literary heritage of vernacular language, we have come forward with this series of concerts.\"The organizations have previously focused on Gujarati literary stalwarts, including poets Ramesh Parekh, Umashankar Joshi, Mariz, Manoj Khanderia, Makrand Dave, Sundaram and composer Kshemubhai Divetia. \"We hosted a program of World Poetry translated in Gujarati last month in which translated poems of English poets were sung in semi-classical composition,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584266", "title": "City on high alert ahead of R-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 25,000 security men will fan across the capital in the run-up to the Republic Day celebrations to keep a tight vigil over the city. Elaborate security and traffic arrangements have been made for the Republic Day parade on January 26 and a full dress rehearsal on January 23, said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic).\"As many as 250 companies from the paramilitary and other state forces have been deployed besides Delhi Police personnel,\" he said. Last year, around 15,000 security men were deployed. A senior police officer said the security has been stepped up keeping in mind the serial blasts last year in Mumbai and the Delhi high court blast.A massive ground-to-air security apparatus is in place. Snipers from the National Security Guard (NSG) will be deployed at highrises, while over 160 CCTVs will keep a tight vigil on people's movements between Rajpath and Red Fort, the route of the parade. Mobile commandos and sharpshooters of NSG will be deployed at various places, while paramilitary and Delhi Police commandos will keep a watch on the periphery.A multi-layered security ring is in place at Rajpath. \"There is an emphasis on anti-sabotage checks, access-control measures and intelligence coordination. Elaborate air defence measures, including deployment of anti-aircraft guns, have been taken,\" said the officer.No vehicles will be allowed to ply on Rajpath from 6pm on January 25. Vehicular movement will be affected on Tilak Marg, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, Netaji Subhash Marg up to Red Fort from 4am the next day. No traffic will be allowed to ply between Vijay Chowk and India Gate between 5am and 12 noon on January 23 and cross traffic will not be allowed on Rajpath (Rafi Marg, Janpath, Man Singh Road, C-hexagon) from 9.30am the same day. Similarly on Monday, traffic on Tilak Marg, BSZ Marg and Subhash Marg will not be allowed between 10am and 12 noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sasaram/patna", "code": "11584597", "title": "Cops bust six Red bunkers in Rohtas village", "text": "SASARAM/PATNA: Bihar police on Saturday destroyed six Maoist bunkers and recovered a huge quantity of explosives and detonators at Harpetta village under the Nauhatta police station during a combing operation on Kaimur Hills in Rohtas district. The operation was carried out by a joint team of CRPF's Cobra battalion and district police.Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj said the security forces came across the six bunkers at the village which were immediately destroyed. A search, thereafter, led to the recovery of a large cache of ammunition comprising 80 detonators, 12 powerful can bombs and a huge quantity of explosives, besides Maoist uniforms.Sources said the explosives were defused at the site as it was not possible for the forces to carry them to the nearest police station. The SP said following the killing of three Maoists in an encounter near Kaimur Hills on January 2, security forces have been conducting cordon and search operations in the area to flush out Maoists.In another incident on Saturday, police arrested five criminals -- including a Maoist area commander -- at Ramlakh village under the Natawar police station. Police said the arrests were made following a tip off that some criminals moving around in a suspicious manner near Ramlakh village to commit a major crime. A special police team was immediately formed and rushed to the village to foil the plan. The police team recovered one carbine, one rifle, two pistols and a dozen live cartridges. The arrestred area commander, identified as Chandan Kumar, reportedly confessed to his involvement in a large number of many crimes in the district over the past 20 years.ADG (HQs) Ravinder Kumar, said police have started combing operations and long-range patrolling in the Maoist-affected areas in the state. He said the police personnel trained in anti-Maoist operations had been deployed in Maoist-affected area.Chief minister Nitish Kumar visited 11 districts of the state during last two months to review the progress of various development schemes as part of his Seva Yatra during which he interacted with the people directly. He also held 'Janata Durbar' in these districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11584753", "title": "Deserted leopard cubs now in Vadodara zoo", "text": "VADODARA: Three leopard cubs found in a sugarcane farm in a village in Jhagadiya in Bharuch have been brought to Vadodara zoo. The cubs will be kept at the zoo till they are in a position to take care of themselves in the wild.The cubs were found on January 12 in the farm. Despite concerted efforts, the forest officials were unable locate their mother.The forest officials took care of the cubs for some time and then approached the zoo here. The cubs are about 22 days old and are being fed using a feeding bottle. Two of the cubs are females while one is a male. The cubs may spend three to four months at the zoo before being set free in the wild.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11585717", "title": "Village comes together to felicitate its only IAS officer", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A village had come together to honour one of its proud children. On Saturday, Adhikaratty, a badaga village located 15 km from Ooty, held a felicitation function for Nanjan Sundaradevan, who is the only badaga to have joined the civil services in all these years. Sundaradevan, a 1979 batch IAS officer, is presently principal secretary, department of industries.\"We always feel proud of Sundaradevan as he is the only IAS officer from our community,\" said Udhayadevan, who initiated the felicitation function. \"As Sundaradevan is going to retire from service this September, we villagers decided to felicitate him,\" added B J Balasubramanian, a banker who hails from Adhikaratty. Many among the audience had come from their work places in cities like Chennai and Trichy to participate in the function.Sundaradevan, dressed in the traditional Badaga attire, was felicitated by many people, including those who taught him in the village school, old students of Government Higher Secondary School, Adhikaratty, and many fellow villagers. Later, this correspondent asked him why no one from his community followed in his footsteps and joined the IAS.\"The community is evolving fast and youngsters are competitive enough to enter any field. But of late, the engineering courses, especially, the software line, are attracting youngsters,\" he said.However, he wanted youngsters from the community to look at the IAS as a career option since it provided the exposure that few private sector jobs offered. He also asked the youth who may have to migrate for work not to lose touch with their roots.Son of a farmer from Adhikaratty, Sundaradevan did his elementary schooling in the village elementary school, which was started in 1852. He attended the Government Higher Secondary in Adhikaratty and graduated from Government Arts College in Ooty. He took a PG degree from Vivekananda College.Old students of the higher secondary school used the occasion to form an old students' association in the presence of Sundaradevan. Over 300 old students, who were present at the function, unanimously elected Sundaradevan as president of the alumni association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585570", "title": "IIT-Indore: Industry keen on campus recruitment", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Indore which started operations from July 2009, is gearing up for the first campus recruitment in its premises. The campus interview is likely to take place in December.The institute received a good response from the industry during the two-day long Industry-Academia conclave, which began in Indore on Saturday. Representatives hailing from a number of industries are attending the summit that include Microsoft, TCS, IBM, Eicher, Impetus and Xilinx.Talking to ToI on the sidelines of the event, Arun David, vice president, human resources, manufacturing operations &amp; technology organisation, Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicle, said, \"Industry and academia have collaborated to understand each other's need and come to a common ground to give it back to the society.I am of the firm belief that this initiative was timely as it will help bridge the gap between the demand and supply for the skilled manpower in the state. Again, I do believe that the things are looking up and improving in the state now. We do get students from educational institutions in the state like internship industrial training\".Currently, there are 120 students at IIT, Indore and the first batch of pass-outs was likely to come out next year.Pradeep Mathur, director, IIT, Indore, said that our students have already completed three years of education here and first campus recruitment was likely to take place in December.The conclave aims at encouraging the exchange of productive ideas and perspectives, thereby, creating a strong linkage with the industries. Also, the conclave would provide a suitable forum for companies to present their views on an upcoming topic which can transform the Indian educational scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584789", "title": "'Faiz's poetry gives call for revolution'", "text": "PATNA: A two-day national seminar on the theme \"Faiz Ahmad Faiz: Person and Poet\" was inaugurated at the Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library on Saturday as part of the birth centenary of the renowned Urdu poet. Delegates from Delhi, Lucknow, Aligarh, Kolkata, Hyderabad and different places in Bihar are attending the seminar.Welcoming the guests, library director Imtiaz Ahmad highlighted the significance of Faiz's contribution to Urdu poetry. He averred that Faiz presented a unique combination between traditional Urdu poetry and contemporary politico-social issues.Delivering the keynote address, eminent Urdu litterateur Lutfur Rahman comprehensively discussed the personality and poetry of Faiz. He said that initially Faiz followed the romanticism of poets like Akhtar Shirani, but gradually chalked out a new and distinct path which inspired a complete generation of Urdu poets, notably Sahir Ludhianvi, Jan Nisar Akhtar, Makhdum Mohiuddin and Ahmad Faraz.Rahman further stated that Faiz's poetry reflects not only dissent and anti-establishment but gives a clarion call for revolution. However, although Faiz was progressive, he was not a Marxist. He cited several verses of Faiz to prove his point. He concluded by stating that Faiz was deeply influenced by Allama Iqbal, and this fact needs to be probed and analysed further.Urdu critic Wahab Ashrafi, in his presidential address, observed that Faiz was influenced by Marx in his thoughts and by Browning in his style. So, he spoke about problems affecting his society but chose the style of Western poets.In the first academic session, three papers were presented by Shanaz Nabi (Kolkata), Mushtaque Ahmad (Darbhanga) and Mushtaq Sadaf (New Delhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585641", "title": "Senior couple drugged, robbed in city", "text": "INDORE: In a tragic incident, a domestic help allegedly poisoned a senior couple and decamped with Rs 1.5 lakh at Manishpuri extention here on Friday.Dr Alok Gupta and his wife Usha Gupta were alone at home when the incident took place late on Friday evening. The police suspect the role of Krishna, the servant hired by the couple four days ago, behind the incident as he is said to be absconding.The police informed that the couple was last attended by a maid at around 4.30 pm. Later, Sharak Gupta, the couple's son, found the duo unconscious when he returned home in the night. He found the lockers and almirahs of the room open. There was no trace of Krishna either.The police later booked a case under the Sections 328 and 381 of the Indian Penal Code. The condition of the couple is said to be stable.The accused Krishna is a native of Nepal and the family had hired him without any police verification. The police have released a sketch of the accused.The police have announced a reward of Rs 15,000 for those who will provide details about the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585022", "title": "\u201819th century archaeologists rediscovered Buddhist past\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: John Keay, an English journalist and prolific author of narrative histories on India and China, talked of how 19th century scholars and archaeologists rediscovered India's Buddhist past, thus reintegrating it into Indian history and authenticating claims of its classical civilisation.Keay said that many Western archaeologists, including retired Generals, depended on the scholastic skills of monks and Brahmins to decipher the findings, usually acknowledged at the time.He talked of the element of luck in 'being in the right place at the right time' and having the right people at hand to help them interpret their findings.He talked of the important role played by the first director of Archaeological Survey of India, Alexandar Cunningham in his 25 years and the crucial rule of ASI in the excavation, classification and protection of India's extraordinary heritage, particularly the Buddhist stupas and monasteries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11584709", "title": "11 persons arrested for group clash in Kalamb", "text": "YAVATMAL: Tension mounted in the temple town of Kalamb, 22km from Yavatmal, when a large mob of residents marched into the police station in midnight demanding registering of criminal offence against an erring cop.They alleged that the cop barged into the house of a resident, thrashed the male members and misbehaved with the women folk. The mob resorted to stone pelting which forced the police to lathicharge.Police arrested 11 persons from two different groups after registering criminal offences against them and later obtained their PCR till January 23. Additional police force has been deployed at Kalamb. The situation is under control now and the city is limping back to normalcy.A bandh was called by the action committee on Saturday to protest against the police atrocity. The bandh was total and no untoward incident was reported from any part of the town.According to police sources, there was an altercation between two youths on a petty issue of parking the vehicle in front of the shop on January 19 which later turned into a group clash.Around 20 youths of a particular community, most of them residents of Kasabpura, came to the residence of Sardar Arjunsingh Padda (65) in Vishnath Colony in the night with lethal weapons. The youths ransacked Padda's residence and misbehaved with the women. They damaged a two-wheeler and tractor parked in front Padda's house.Padda lodged a complaint with Kalamb police on Friday and requested to take action against the gang. The police registered criminal offence against eight persons including main accused Sheikh Sabu Sheikh Gani, Abdul Hamid Sheikh Gaffoor, Abdul Akhil Sheikh Gani, Abdul Karim and four others.Meanwhile, Sheikh Sabu and Sheikh Gani jointly lodged a counter complaint against Sonu Padda and others. The police then registered an offence against three persons of Padda's group and arrested them.Some residents, particularly youths having sympathy to Padda group, gathered at the bus stand square and from there they marched to the police station demanding the arrest of Sheikh Sabu and his gang members. They threatened the police that they would not leave the police station until the accused are arrested. Later the mob started pelting stones at the police station which forced the cops to resort to mild lathicharge.In the midnight, a few cops allegedly barged into the residence of Nilesh Raut without any sound reason and thrashed him and his family members. Nilesh alleged that he was thrashed by constable Sunil Lokhande and lodged a complaint against him. A criminal offence was registered against the cop on Saturday.Meanwhile in an incident a few shops were gutted. Confirming the news PSO of Kalamb Dinkar Kosare said, \"A riot like situation had erupted but was brought under control. The town is limping back to normalcy. We have deployed additional police forces from Ralegaon, Babhulgaon, Ner, Shirpur and the reserve police force from Yavatmal who are keeping a close vigil in the area.\"Collector Shravan Hardikar denied the possibility of group enmity being behind the fire. \"There was a short circuit from the overhead live tension wire which resulted in the fire,\" he said.\"Since the Ganeshotsav of Vedic Chintamani temple of Kalamb is scheduled to be held in near future, we will deploy the force for some more days to keep the situation under control,\" Hardikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584929", "title": "Looking good, feeling bad", "text": "When news flashed that actor Hrithik Roshan got his sixpack in three weeks, in Chennai, Ajit Shetty's heart sank. He knew he would be inundated with phone calls from young men at his gym eager to do the same. \"Most people won't listen if you tell them to take the slow and steady path to a good physique,\" says Shetty, managing director of health and fitness club Score.A lot of youngsters in Chennai are trying to hit the fast track to building muscle, which is not good in the long run, say fitness specialists. \"They download advice from the internet without cross-checking facts with real professionals and begin fad diets and workouts,\" says Shetty. \"People should realise that celebrities start high-protein diets and strenuous workouts only after consulting doctors, dieticians and trainers.\"The health industry seems to be concerned about the increasing number of cases of eating disorders in men who are obsessed with their bodies. Just as eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa and bulimia affect women in the quest for size zero, men seem to be heading in the opposite direction, popping protein supplements and steroids in their quest for size hero. An obsession that is being captioned by the media and those in the health industry as manorexia.Psychiatrist Dr Vijay Nagaswami admits to seeing cases of men who feel they simply do not look good enough. \"These are cases of body dysmorphic disorder in which people become obsessed with what they imagine as flaws in their appearance. They end up subscribing to all kinds of crank diets which can seriously affect their health,\" he says.Dietician Dr Dharini Krishnan says that many men ask her to prescribe a diet that can help build them larger muscles. \"We first assess their protein levels before we let them go further but I always warn them not to go overboard,\" says Krishnan, who believes that Indians should not go on a high-protein diet.She draws up a balanced diet for them and also warns them against heading to the nearest gym and drastically altering their diet. \"There are some gyms that tell people to eat 13 eggs daily from day one. I don't advocate it as the body cannot handle a heavy diet like that,\" she says.Former bodybuilder S Suresh says that for several years he was obsessed with bulking up. He constantly used protein supplements and anabolic steroids to keep his muscles looking great. \"But then I realised what it was doing to my body and I stopped,\" says 39-year-old Suresh, a former Mr South India.He says that a number of professional body builders stock up on the supplements and anabolic steroids. \"But after a competition, when you stop taking the supplements and steroids, you feel depressed and lethargic and your muscles begin to droop. So people resume taking them as they want to keep looking good and hearing compliments on their physique,\" he says.Now a personal trainer, Suresh says he sees a lot of youngsters spending close to Rs 10,000 a month on protein supplements and anabolic steroids, which cost from Rs 50 to Rs 1,000 a pop. \"After a while, they find they cannot stop the steroids and need higher doses. That's when it gets dangerous,\" he says. \"I made the mistake years ago and know how hard it is to get back. You'll feel like a hero when you are on the steroids but later you are down to zero.\"Muscle mantraTo build muscle, you need the right nutrition and fitness guidance. Do not follow everything on the internetSlow and steady is the best way to build muscleDo not try supplements without professional advice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11585606", "title": "55 schools get notices in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Showing no leniency in the drive against traffic violations by schools buses, the district authorities have slapped notices on 55 schools to either comply with the norms or face action. The notices have been served during the past one week, officials in the district administration said.\"We will show zero tolerance for any kind of violation of norms. We are waiting for response from schools after which further action will be planned,'' deputy commissioner Neelam P Kasni said. The traffic police had launched a special drive to check violations in school buses in the wake of Ambala bus mishap. As many as 60 school buses were found lacking safety equipment including first-aid kits. Five buses were also impounded for not having the required documents.School that have been served notices include Partap Public School, Dyal Singh Public School, Doon International School, Tagore Bal Niketan, Nirmal Public School, Guru Harkishan Public School, OPS Vidhyamandir, Parnami School, Sainik School-Kunjpura, and Guru Teg Bahadur School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585439", "title": "Unrest in Cong-NCP over seats", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress and NCP may have reached a prepoll alliance for the BMC elections to avoid dividing the \"secular\" vote bank, but a day after details of the pact was declared, both parties are now battling unrest within their ranks. Of the 227 seats, Congress will field candidates for 169, while the NCP will fight the remaining 58.Hectic lobbying for tickets began on both sides. With MPs, MLAs and senior leaders attempting to squeeze in their close supporters in the limited seats available, murmurs of brewing discontent in several wards did the rounds on Saturday. Over the next few days, this dissatisfaction will become more vocal as the parties will have to short-list candidates.Among the disgruntled are first-time hopefuls and a number of corporators who have either been forced to sit out the civic elections or contest from a \"less favourable\" ward. Nearly 2,500 aspirants have collected forms.Kishor Joshi, spokesperson for the party's city unit, said, \"Around 15 people are aspiring for a ticket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585412", "title": "CM promises action on probe team\u2019s report", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid raging controversy over unethical drug trials, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday said the state government would take appropriate action on the basis of the report of the centre's expert team which had probed into the complaints of malpractices by doctors.\"We did not have the expertise to look into the complaints regarding clinical drug trials. Hence, we had requested the centre to depute a team of experts, who have already visited the state. After the report is submitted, we will take appropriate action against the erring doctors\", he told newsmen at his residence.When asked about the demand from various quarters for a CBI probe in the murky drug trials, Chouhan said \"Let the report come. We will do so, if necessary.\" Referring to the on-going anti-corruption raids by the Lokayukta across the state, the chief minister said it was because of the state government's commitment to root out corruption. It had initiated a number of steps to strengthen anti-corruption agencies by sanctioning more posts.\"It's a good thing if we are able to unearth black money and exposing the corrupt,\" he added.Chief Minister further said that system reforms such as e-tendering had already been introduced to eliminate the influence of money and muscle power in tendering process. We are inching towards e-payment system in all the departments to ensure transparency in payment process,\" he added.State's Public Service Guarantee Act, aimed at ensuring timely delivery of public services, would be further strengthened by bringing many other departments under its ambit and introducing the concept of automatic fine on government officials and staff concerned in the event of their failure to provide services to the general public within the prescribed time limit.Chouhan said the state's special court bill, which provides for confiscation of property amassed by corrupt means and setting up fast track special courts to hear corruption cases, was pending for approval with the centre for the last one year.\"The centre had sought certain clarification and we have explained to them,\" the chief minister said adding that he had already called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other ministers concerned seeking their intervention for early clearance of the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584134", "title": "Slaps leave schoolboy 'red-faced'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Umesh, a Class VII student of St Soldier's International School, Sector 28, was taken to the Government Multi-specialty Hospital Sector, 16, for medical examination on Saturday, following injury on his face allegedly due to corporal punishment.According to his father, Constable Jarnail Singh, the boy was slapped several times resulting in bruises on his face. He alleged that his son was brutally beaten up for not completing his homework.\"I have complained to the police control room in Sector 9 regarding the incident. Umesh was unable to finish his task because of which his teacher slapped him so hard that he has suffered injuries on his face. I have taken him to the hospital for medical examination,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587429", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "'I've something bigger on my mind 'January 16, Week 34Why was such a fuss made over Kate Middleton turning 30? What's the big deal? I have tons of friends who are in their mid-30s, and they rock. Neither do they look a day over 20, and they are earning more, and are smarter than they used to be a decade ago. And they are over that awkward phase when they uploaded their swimsuit pictures on Facebook. They no longer dress to impress and have learned to stress less about people and things. They are more at peace with themselves and people around them. So, it's all good. Anyway, it's so '80s to worry about turning 30. It is still a few years away for me, but I am ready. In fact, I can't wait to be 30. I will host the biggest party of my life and announce it to the world. Or maybe not. Perhaps plan a vacation to a cool place like Barcelona . I am thinking an allgirl gang, but there's still time to plan small details like that.Right now I have something bigger on my mind. I want to visit Paris this year. Spend an entire month there. By myself. I have been reading up on it, and also talking to friends. I am not a New-Yearresolution kind of girl, but I have jotted down in my diary the desire to woo Paris. Or let Paris woo me. I know, it's a cliche, right? Every model wants to walk in the City Of Light (or love). But my trip is different. It's not about walking the ramp there. I want to walk the streets. Walk around the museums and art galleries, soak in the beauty of the lovely cathedrals, chill by the Siene, maybe take up a short course on painting, or learn to play the violin from a tortured artist or even turn waitress in one of those charming roadside cafes. Who knows? I might just decide to live there forever. People from all over the world do that. Randomly shift base. But we Indians don't do that. We like to buy homes and get rooted. We don't even like to move within the country to explore new opportunities. But that's changing. Most of the migration is from smaller cities to Mumbai and Delhi. Never heard from anyone about moving from metros to smaller cities. People move abroad when they have a job in hand. No one travels to decide if they will like it enough to move there for a short period of time. If I get a six-month visa, and I think I will, I will hang in there, land a summer job and experience the city. And perhaps fall in love. The happily-ever-after kind. The city offers a promise of romance. And the French men are so dreamy. How can you not indulge?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584508", "title": "No NMC staffers at polling booths", "text": "NAGPUR: Utilizing the powers given by the State Election Commission (SEC), the NMC has assigned 12,000 people on polling duty. Teachers from private schools and staffers from the Central government offices have also been selected for polling duty. Interestingly, staffers of NMC will not be seen at polling booths.According to the data available from NMC, the number of polling booths has been finalized. There would be 2,485 polling booths in 72 wards. If there are drastic changes in the voters list, there might be minor changes in the number of polling booths. The SEC has provided 16 returning officers to conduct the election programme and all have assumed the charges. For conducting the polling scheduled on February 16, NMC requires 12,000 staffers.\"SEC has given permission to NMC for engaging staffers from all government organizations and schools and colleges. Letters have been sent to all government, semi-government and private schools and colleges located in the city limits. Besides, staffers from all state and central government related offices have been selected for polling duty. The staffers will have to work only on the polling day,\" said an official.However, NMC staffers have been kept away from the polling duty. \"Many people know our staffers. Several problems may arise if they are assigned polling duty. To prevent from such situations, we have not taken our staffers for polling,\" an official said.NMC has also finalized the number of electronic voting machines (EVMs) to be utilized for polling. NMC will require 2,733 EVMs of which 246 will be kept in reserve. One EVM will be installed at one booth. The voters have to cast two votes on one machine itself. Two sets will be used if the number of candidates are high. Total 2,790 polling parties will conduct the polling.The officials concerned are all set for starting the first main exercise of elections. NMC will start the distribution of nomination forms from 11 am on January 24. Forms will be distributed at zone offices between 11 am and 3 pm up to January 30. The nomination forms will be also accepted from January 24. The last date to submit the nomination forms will be January 31. The forms will not be distributed or accepted on two days, January 26 and January 29, due to Republic Day and Sunday, respectively.Already, NMC has published 1,500 nominations forms and print more 1,500 or further as per requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585947", "title": "Perumbavoor tense after cow slaughter", "text": "KOCHI: Tense situation prevailed in Perumbavoor town, near here, after a cow was slaughtered in the premises of a religious institution.Following the incident, police from Perumbavoor police station reached the spot immediately to ease the tense situation and disperse people of two communities who had gathered at the spot.According to police, the incident occurred when a group of three hailing from Kandamthara near Perumbavoor slaughtered a cow in the premises of the religious institutione around 2.30 pm.\"A cow owned by a person living in the area went missing a few days ago. On Tuesday, he traced the cow to the premises of the temple. As the cow's heath was in a bad condition, he slaughtered it on the spot with the help of two other persons,\" police said.Following the incident, the three were held hostage by the locals and resisted when the police tried to take them into custody. They demanded that top officials including district collector visit the spot and ensure strict action against the culprits. And even though Ernakulam Rural SP K Philip reached the spot, the mob refused to give in.Finally, police forcibly took the persons who had slaughtered the cow into custody. The police have deployed adequate force at the place to prevent any untoward incident. \"We will evaluate the situation and impose section 144 of CrPC if need be,\" said SP Philip. IG Padmakumar also visited the area to take stock of the situation.The incident occurred when a group of three hailing from Kandamthara near Perumbavoor slaughtered a cow in the premises of a religious institution around 2.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584340", "title": "Lalbagh parking lot may become operational by February", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new parking lot in Lalbagh is likely to get operational by next month, much to the relief of commuters who face traffic snarls arising out of the irregularly parked vehicles. The underground facility, which comes up at Jhandiwala Park opposite the head office of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC), will have the capacity to house around 350 four wheelers.Constructed by UP Nirman Nigam, the facility is expected to be completed by the end of this month. It will then be transferred to the LMC which will run the facility.The parking lot will have two basements. An official supervising the project said that it is only the fire safety measures that need to be put forth. The official said that a water tank has already been constructed and the pipe lines laid in the basements. \"That will be completed within a week,\" the official said.The parking lot will essentially help scores of visitors at LMC as well as main market in Lalbagh. There have been reports of commuters being harassed by the parking vendors, who often charge exorbitant charges for parking vehicles. Officials said that special arrangements may be done for the shopkeepers in the market by allotting them space for parking their vehicles.The facility in the market has been receiving less than expected vehicles. That is also true with other such parking projects that have or are likely to come up in the next few months.Apart than the one opposite LMC head office, Lalbagh will also have another parking lot at Dayanidhan Park which too is nearing its completion. The two together will allow parking of nearly 1,000 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585232", "title": "\u2018Fardeen Khan can seek exemption from drugs trial\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution in the drugs case involving actor Fardeen Khan said on Saturday that it had no objection to him seeking immunity following de-addiction therapy.On December 19, Khan filed a plea in NDPS court saying he had undergone a de-addiction therapy and should be exempted from being prosecuted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11583930", "title": "18 file nominations on day 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission scrutinised the candidature of 61 candidates on Saturday. As many as 11 candidates from different assembly constituencies withdrew their candidature. The last date for withdrawal is January 23.According to data provided by the election commission, a total of 1,000 nominations had been filed by January 19, the last date of filing nominations for the first phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh. For phase 2 of the assembly polls, 788 candidates have filed nominations so far. In the nomination process for phase 3, which was kicked off on Saturday, a total of 18 nominations were filed.Meanwhile, joint chief electoral officer Anita V Meshram said that for assembly election, photo voter slips will be distributed by the election commission to all voters. These voter slips will help in recognising the identity of voters at the time of casting their votes. The EC has also made arrangement to enable those voters to cast their votes, who have lost their photo identity card and photo voters slip.She said that the EC has issued these directives to enable all eligible voters to exercise their right to franchise in the assembly election. Meshram said that voters who have lost their photo i-card or photo slip can cast their vote as a copy of their photo I-card and photo slip will be available at the voters assistance centre outside the polling booth.As many as 108 FIRs were registered in 4,591 matters in matters of violation of model code of conduct. Besides, 103 illegal fire arms and 101 cartridges were seized on Saturday, said Anita Meshram. She said that the police while seizing about 5,000 litres of illegal liquor from Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar and Unnao districts arrested four persons.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11583932", "title": "Power cuts cripple work at PU", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 11am every day, most Panjab University employees in the administrative block halt work, and walk out of the building. It is the scheduled power cut from 11am to 12pm, they say, which leaves them with \"no choice\" but to kill time till noon. Work begins around 9.30am.A PU official said, \"Heaters are excessively used. The generator overload causes the power breakdown.\" To deal with the issue, the registrar has issued a circular asking the administrative block employees to refrain from using the high-wattage heaters during the hour of power shutdown.UT officials, however, expressed their inability to deal with the matter. \"The concerned authority was already informed of the power cuts. There is a shortage of electricity here, \"said superintendent engineer (electricity), M P Singh.Disruption of classes has become a norm, and the departments refuel the generators at their expense. \"Of the five generators in our department, four do not function. We have to pay for the fuel from our pockets,\" said an employee in the department of computer science. Meanwhile, UT officials said that the cuts are likely to continue for at least a fortnight.\"Things are expected to improve in 10-15 days. Power load is high from 11am to 12pm. It is not possible for us to change the timings,\" said M P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583829", "title": "Indefinite strike over JNU polls from Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: JNU's Joint Struggle Committee has called for an indefinite strike from Monday demanding an immediate notification of the student union election dates as well as constitution of the grievance redressal committee. Holding the JNU Students' Union elections following the Supreme Court guidelines in the current semester as a one-time arrangement will not invite contempt from the apex court, it claimed.The strike will kick off with a protest demonstration in front of the administration block on Monday. In a joint statement by the Students' Federation of India and the All India Students' Association, the students claim that as there is no certainty about when the administration will get its reply, not holding the elections would mean depriving one more batch of students their democratic right.Meanwhile, the indefinite hunger strike by the left-backed students' organizations entered its third day on Saturday while the JNU administration stated that it has sought clarification on the SC guideline.\"Conducting the elections as per the SC guidelines in this semester as a one-time arrangement in the backdrop of elections not being held since 2007 would not invite contempt of court in any conceivable manner. By waiting for further clarification, the JNU Administration is being insensitive to the overwhelming opinion within the student community for conducting JNUSU elections immediately,\" said Zico Dasgupta, vice president, SFI-JNUThe students are also demanding a role in the election committee and immediate setting up of the redressal committee, a requirement of the Lyngdoh Committee report on student polls. \"So far it is the JNUSU EC which has been conducting the JNUSU elections, and to completely deny its role would not be acceptable to the student community,\" said an AISA statement.But the JNU administration clarified that in a meeting of deans and administrators convened by the vice-chancellor, a committee has been appointed to study the Lyngdoh report and advise on the modalities of holding the elections. The grievance redressal committee is also in the process of being set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11583299", "title": "Thrashed by cops, man succumbs to injuries", "text": "GUNTUR: An autorickshaw driver who was allegedly thrashed by the police on Friday night for not stopping as directed by a group of cops, succumbed to his injuries on Saturday leading agitated auto drivers to stage a dharna in Tenali town.According to sources, Chebrolu sub-inspector Vinod Kumar was on the night beat on the Guntur-Ponnur highway late on Friday and carrying out inspections on vehicles when the beating took place. Auto driver Dharanikota Venkateswara Rao, of Angalakudur village, did not stop his vehicle despite being asked to do so by constables. Upon this, an enraged Vinod Kumar is said to have flung his baton at Rao, resulting in a head injury.As the shocked driver stopped his autorickshaw, he was allegedly surrounded by the cops who gave him a ruthless bashing for not paying heed to their instructions. After being thus battered by the cops, Rao lost consciousness, forcing the keepers of the law to rush him to a private hospital where the victim succumbed to his injuries.As the news spread, auto drivers gathered at the hospital in Tenali and staged a dharna demanding that sub-inspector Vinod Kumar be suspended and an ex-gratia payment made to the family of the victim.Subsequently, senior police officials arrived on the scene to pacify the angry auto drivers. Police, it was alleged, had struck a 'deal' with the family members of the deceased by Saturday evening as a result of which no complaint was filed against their high-handedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11585215", "title": "Himachal: Decision to lease out hydel project faces opposition", "text": "SHIMLA: State government is facing opposition over its decision to lease out 4.5-MW Thirot hydel project in Lahaul-Spiti district to a private company. Congress and Communist Party of India (Marxist) have been attacking ruling Bharatiya Janata Party for this as the deal was struck after state electricity board spent Rs 12 crore to improve generation capacity of the project.Opposition parties said this had been done to benefit a private company that had close links with ruling politicians. Questions are being raised as to why the decision for leasing out was not taken before and why the board was not able to run the project despite having a battery of engineers and other technical staff at its disposal.State board employees union even threatened to launch a stir if government went ahead with the decision.CPI (M) leader Tikender Panwar alleged BJP government was bent on to dismantling, outsourcing and privatizing state electricity board. He said no elected representatives of the region, including local MLA, zila parishad or panchayat samitis, had been taken into confidence before initiating this move. \"Locals had given their land for this project and about 60 of them were employed in it. Now, after the leasing out, their fate also hangs in the balance. They would be forced to lose their jobs or move out of their homes and work somewhere out of the valley,\" he added.Congress media cell incharge and MLA Mukesh Agnihotri said state government had failed to protect the interest of HP and encouraged privatization without taking ground reality into consideration. \"After opening private universities blindly, state government is trying to hand power projects to private companies. Congress would oppose this as it is against the interest of state's people,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584866", "title": "Wife, daughter strangled to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Odhav police has charged a man with killing his wife and daughter in Arbudanagar on Saturday. Investigators found the bodies of the woman and her daughter on Friday night. The accused is absconding, said officials.Investigators said they got a call from Ishwar Park Society in Arbudanagar at 8 pm on Friday that two bodies were found in a residence. When officials reached the spot, they found bodies of Prachi Muraskar, 40, and her daughter Sonu, 17, in the bedroom of the house. The bodies had started decomposing and the smell had prompted nearby residents to check on the house.\"There were no body injury but the faces of the two had started bloating and their bodies had a black shade. They also had blood coming out of nose. Such symptoms prompted us to rope in forensic experts. We had sent the bodies for post-mortem by a panel of doctors where the medical officials told us that the cause of death in both the cases was strangulation. We then filed a case of murder,\" said P S Goswami, inspector of Odhav police station.Goswami added that Prachi's husband Praveen has been named as accused in the case. \"Praveen is absconding for the past two days, which coincides with their time of death. Questioning of residents living nearby is on to ascertain the probable reason for the murders. They did not hear any quarrels or arguments in the past three days,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584549", "title": "School bus hits pole, none hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: A major incident was averted as about thirty students escaped without injuries when the school bus they were travelling in hit an electric pole on Nagpur-Kamptee road on Saturday morning. Though the electric pole almost crashed down, the bus came to a halt after the driver immediately applied the brakes. The students from Std I to IV were heading to a picnic spot near Ramtek. Cops said the school bus belonged to Bhartiya Krishna Vidya Vihar School at Telangkhedi.The driver was found driving at a high speed and hence the cop deployed on the highway signaled him to stop. The driver pulled over at the side of the road but could not slow down in time and hit the pole. Fearing police action, the driver left the bus and fled the spot. Although students in the bus panicked, none of them suffered any injuries. Later, the students were shifted to another bus from the same school that was following. tnnKamptee police have registered an offence against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11588745", "title": "One nabbed in AI Express job racket case", "text": "KOCHI: CBI on Saturday arrested an outsourced employee of Air India Express at Cochin Airport on charges that he was part of job racket which took money from applicants who had applied for the post of cabin crew with the airline.The CBI SP Krishnakumar told TOI here that more employees including some full-fledged staff of the airline are under interrogation in connection with the case. He gave the name of arrested person as Baby Verghese who works as office assistant at flight handling section of Air India Express. He has been outsourced by the airline from the firm Decor Drapes, the airport sources said.The SP said the investigation into the case began after one of the candidates had filed a complaint of paying a bribe of Rs 2 lakh to the job racket. During the investigation it was found that another person had also paid Rs 2 lakh to the racket.The walk-in interviews for the posts were held early last year and announcements on the recruitments were being announced in batches. Already four such batches of each comprising of about 25 candidates each, have been recruited by Air India Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583016", "title": "BJP focus on panchayat polls", "text": "GUWAHATI: After poor show in the assembly polls, the BJP is putting in all efforts for the coming panchayat elections in the state.At the state executive meeting here, majority of the decisions taken were focused on gearing up for the local body polls. There were also decisions on strengthening the organizational fronts of the saffron party, especially its grassroots units, to brace for the panchayat election. BJP held its office-bearers' meeting on Friday, while the state council meeting will be held on Sunday.Last year, the assembly election had been a dampener for BJP though it put in al efforts to improve its tally in the state. The saffron party only managed to win only five seats in the last assembly election from 10 in the 2006 assembly polls. So, for the saffron party, all hopes are now with the panchayat election, which is likely to be held this year. Senior BJP leaders said the party has to perform well in the local body polls to keep the morale of the grassroots workers and members high.\"The assembly election result has been a bad experience for us. Now all hopes are pinned on the panchayat polls. We have to perform well. Otherwise, it will have a serious impact on grassroots workers of our party,\" a senior BJP leader said.\"We want the panchayat polls in December. During our executive meeting, we have decided to demand for enforcing Anti-Defection Act for the election as political parties will be contesting with their respective party symbols,\" said BJP spokesperson Shantanu Bharali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585342", "title": "Miscreants stop Muslims from offering Namaz at Jind village mosque", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was tension in the village and police had to deploy security guards as unidentified miscreants threatened and prevented around 20 Muslim families from offering namaz at the mosque in Kinana village of Jind district on Saturday.Sources in the village said that this turn of events happened following the eviction of a family and removal of a bank from the premises of the village mosque.Police officials however maintained that it was an attempt to disturb peace and law and order situation in the village.Inquiries revealed that it all started on Friday evening when unidentified youths stopped Muslim families from entering the mosque and offering namaz. The matter however was resolved on the intervention of the village elders. But on Saturday morning the youths again stopped Muslim families while threatening them with dire consequences. On getting to know about the situation, inspector Suresh Pal, the station house officer (SHO) of the sadar police station at Jind rushed to the spot.A complaint has been lodged at the sadar police station in this regard. \"We have deployed policemen there and the situation is under control. This was done after we got a complaint,'' inspector Suresh Pal, said.When TOI called up SP, Jind, Ashok Kumar , the staff informed that the SP was on a day's leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589196", "title": "Vivek Oberoi's sweet first dates!", "text": "Look who's having a gala time at Jaipur? Actor Vivek Oberoi , who is back to one of his most favourite cities in the country to flag off a marathon, couldn't help getting nostalgic.The actor expressed his emotions on a microblogging site, recently, saying, \"Man I looove this beautiful pink city! Sooo many amazing memories here...from the time I was studying in mayo college...I remember driving to jaipur with friends and their older brothers just to meet up and hang out with the beautiful girls of jaipur. lol! (sic)\"Much to the joy of his followers, Vivek also shared his \" first date\" secrets associated with Jaipur as he wrote, \"There used to be this little place called 'milkyway'...it was the coolest hang out spot for young people...I remember the milkshakes, ice creams and a lot of sweet first dates!\" Sweet memories indeed, we agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11583986", "title": "NGO to kickstart campaign to save migratory birds", "text": "SURAT: A city-based non-governmental organization Prayas is to run a campaign that will show how risky it is for thousands of migratory birds to be in Gujarat even for a few days. Prayas will create awareness among the citizens on the need to save the winged visitors. The slogan of the campaign will be 'Atithi Devo Bhavah' (Guest is like God).Inspired by the news coverage in TOI on poaching of lesser flamingos and death of migratory and other birds due to kite string, the NGO has planned the campaign. It had found four injured migratory birds protected under the Wildlife Protection Act during Uttarayan. Of them, a Sterling and a Tern died, but a Painted stork and another Sterling could be saved because of the bird rescue exercise carried out by Prayas in association with Karuna, Vanbandhu Veternary College, Navsari, and forest department.\"I read about the massacre of lesser flamingos in the newspaper and was shocked to know how risky a few days of stay in Gujarat could be for the birds,\" Prayas' Darshan Desai said.Environmentalists also found around 120 dead domestic birds, mostly pigeons in the city. \"I had come across only a few dead migratory birds. I believe there could be more,\" he added.The campaign will be launched initially on internet through which the NGO will spread the information about cruelty to birds in the state.\"We will be targeting those areas of the city where the death of birds due to manja is most. We also need to check pollution in wetlands and stop poaching in Gujarat,\" Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585038", "title": "'I write the way I am'", "text": "BANGALORE: Writers don't retire. A shade under 80, Ruskin Bond is living proof. \"I write for two hours every day,\" he said here on Saturday.He autographs his latest book 'The Adventures of Rusty' in stylish cursive. \"These days, I write on paper and publishers are very understanding about it,\" said Bond, who, until a few years ago, typed out his stories. His long list of books is increasing with more writing for children, and an adult novel about a wicked maharani. Though he's been published for sixty years, Bond said: \"Sometimes, I feel I may be rejected.\"The child in him helps him grab the attention of his young fans. \"If I don't reach the child within, Young India may not read my writing,\" explained Bond, adding, \"At least an adult might put up with the first two chapters before deciding to put the book down.\"You seldom hear of a reader who puts his book down though. For, his writing is simple and poignant. \"I write just the way I am,\" said Ruskin.And the stories that ensue are sometimes made of dreams. \"When I close my eyes, I fall asleep. But I dream a lot, and dreams become stories,\" said Ruskin, adding, \"So much so that recently I caught the night train to Delhi and woke up in Lucknow! Now, someone from my adopted family travels along.\"Bond has a large adopted family. \"They range from ages 5 to 50. Many think I'm a recluse, but I've always had a cricket team, and I've been the twelfth man who carries the drinks.\"Though he's a bachelor, he's a family man. After finishing school, he was to settle down in England. \"I wanted to come back because I'd grown up here and the attachments were strong. I'd written a novel, and those days the advance was 50 pounds, a little more than the 40 pounds it cost to sail to India,\" he said, adding in an aside, \"And ocean liners didn't sink like they do now.\"He's a keen observer of people. \"Having grown up with eccentric uncles and aunts, when I run out of characters I write about them. When I run out of relations, I write about ghosts!\" Every time Bond sees a flower open, he meets God. \"I'm not religious though,\" he said. The trees of Dehradun are Ruskin's stomping ground.. \"Some trees which I recognize have vanished. If I look hard, there are enough in the mountains,\" he added.He talks about how urbanization is changing the country. \"With youngsters becoming more conscious of their environment, India has more hope than other countries do,\" Bond signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584114", "title": "Congress hell-bent on feeding jumbo: Uma Bharti", "text": "LUCKNOW: Accusing the Congress of launching a vilification campaign against her, Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharti on Saturday urged Rahul Gandhi to 'stop trivialisation and consequent digression from serious poll issues in UP'.Taking a dig at Rahul's often quoted dialogue 'Haathi paisa khata hai' (Maya's elephant eats money), Uma on Saturday said that it was the Congress, which was hellbent on feeding the elephant. \"They have been feeding Mayawati's elephant, so that they can keep their pet elephants in Delhi well fed. Corrupt brigade sitting in Delhi like Suresh Kalmadi, A Raja, P Chidambaram, Sheila Dixit etc are being duly sheltered under the same strategy,\" she charged.The former Madhya Pradesh chief minister also stated that Congress leaders have come down in using derogatory language while making a reference to her. \"The BJP would not respond to this issue. This needs a response from Rahul Gandhi, who has an impressive lineage of Nehru-Gandhi family behind him. I expect Rahul to keep his flock in check,\" she said and added that she would take the matter up with the public, which will give a befitting reply to the Congress.Terming it as a fight between two socially unequal groups, Uma said that as against Rahul, who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, she comes from a humble background, and therefore an insult to her would amount to humiliate the poor. She also advised the Congress not to derail the serious issues, which need to be raised in the election time and that calling her names would only deflect attention from the lawlessness and rampant corruption that has plagued UP for a long time.\"While launching his campaign from Phulpur (in Allahabad) Rahul had promised not to resort to caste and communal politics. Then why is he talking about 4.5% and 9% reservation to minority community,\" Uma asked. The sadhvi also lambasted Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati for their criminal silence over this issue and thereby condoning reservation based on religion.Uma alleged that CBI is being controlled by the Centre to suit its political convenience. She also said that Digvijay Singh had openly admitted the fact. Now the Congress is using the agency to manoeuvre SP and BSP supremos, who have disproportionate assets cases pending against them.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583589", "title": "\u2018Bharat Asmita\u2019 awards for CSIR, TISS chiefs", "text": "PUNE: Noted scientist and director general of the Council of Scientific &amp; Industrial Research (CSIR) Samir K Brahmachari, social scientist and director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) S Parasuraman, actor-director Nana Patekar and media professional Siddhartha Basu are among the recipients of the 'Bharat Asmita national awards 2012', to be presented in the city on February 3.Sikkim CM Pawan Kumar Chamling and young MP Jayant Chaudhary are the other recipients of the annual awards, which were introduced in 2005 by the city-based MIT group of institutions.The awards, which carry a citation, a trophy and Rs 1.25 lakh each, aim at recognising the exemplary work and meaningful contribution by those from the professions of teaching, politics, bureaucracy, judiciary, films, media and literature, among others.The recipients are selected by a multi-member Bharat Asmita awards committee, which includes eminent educationist Yash Pal, film director Shyam Benegal, industrialist Ritu Nanda, former CSIR chief Raghunath Mashelkar and MIT group founder head Vishwanath Karad.Rahul Karad, convener of the awards committee, told a news conference here on Saturday that the 'Bharat Asmita jana-pratinidhi shreshtha' award is given every year to a young parliamentarian, who has made a mark for himself in the Indian democracy and parliamentary practices.Rashtriya Lok Dal MP Jayant Chaudhary, who is to receive the 'jana-pratinidhi' award, is the grandson of former Prime Minister Charan Singh and son of civil aviation minister Ajit Singh.Parasuraman will receive the 'Acharya shreshtha' award, which is given for the cause of teaching, while Brahmachari will receive the 'Tantra-vigyan shreshtha' award for his contribution to the field of science and technology.The 'Jana-jagaran shreshtha' award is given to a personality from the arts, films and other forms of mass media for social awakening. Nana Patekar and Siddharth Basu will receive this award. The 'Jeevan gaurav' award will be given to Chamling in recognition of his contribution for social and national cause, said Karad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584234", "title": "Cold wave continues to sweep Delhi", "text": "Delhi remained in the grip of a cold wave on Saturday with the minimum temperature hovering around five degree Celsius even as shallow fog covered the city during the early hours.The minimum temperature was recorded at 5.4 degree Celsius, two degrees below normal, while the maximum in the last 24 hours was recorded at 14.6 degrees, seven degrees below normal for this time of the year. The Met has predicted a foggy morning on Sunday with temperature likely to oscillate between seven and 18 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584989", "title": "Kutch milk producers set up two back-end services firms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is a silent, second white revolution is taking place in Kutch? Farmers have come together to set up two companies to provide affordable back-end services to the dairy sector.Farmers in Abdasa taluka of Kutch have set up Shree Abdasa Taluka Krishi Avam Pashupalan Vikas Producer Company Limited (SATKAPVPCL), a first-of-its-kind producer company in Gujarat on December 23 focusing on dairy and animal husbandry sector.Similarly on the same working model, farmers in Anjar district have set up a second producer company as Upaj Producer Company Limited in Dudhai, Kutch on December 28. Both companies have been registered under the Companies Act 1956.Jayesh Lalka, chief executive officer, SATKAPVPCL, said, \"The objective of the companies is to provide affordable backend services to milk producers. In the land of powerful dairy co-operatives, we chose to go for a company model because there is a lot of political interference in a co-operative structure in Kutch while a trust cannot be set up with the objective of doing business.\"The objective of both the companies is to provide affordable back-end services like cattlefeed, health package service for cattle, insurance, appointing livestock inspectors and vets, among other services to the dairy sector in Kutch. The companies are expected to benefit over 1,500 milk producers in 70 villages of Abdasa and Anjar.Both companies have been set under the Drought Proofing Program-II of Kutch Nav Nirman Abhiyan (KNNA) funded by Ford Foundation (Delhi). Hussain Nadiadwala, consultant to the Drought Proofing Program said, \"Milk producers in Kutch realized that they were not getting affordable services on time. Sometimes traders cheat the producers in terms of quality and charge higher prices. The producers decided to come together for a common cause to get better services.\"The companies will now order cattlefeed and other products in bulk to get affordable and quality products.The farmers will be the directors and shareholders of the companies and 80% board members will be primary producers. The companies will issue shares to farmers residing in 44 villages of Abdasa taluka whose primary occupation is animal husbandry or agriculture.The board can have maximum three external expert directors but they do not have voting rights to elect the board members. The uniqueness of the producer company is that only active members have voting rights and will be eligible for patronage bonus depending on their business transacted with the company.Gautam Sharma, chief executive officer, Upaj Producer Company, said, \"We aim to generate capital by selling shares worth Rs 5 lakh to 2,500 families at Rs 200 per share.\"Lalka added that the idea of a formal structure for back-end services was discussed with Y K Alagh, chairman of Institute of Rural Management, Anand (IRMA), who suggested setting up a producer company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11589003", "title": "600 pedestrians challaned in new drive against jaywalking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 600 people were challaned for jaywalking in the capital in the past three days as part of a new drive by Delhi Traffic Police.A total of 582 pedestrians were fined Rs 50 each from Thursday during the drive at six locations -- ITO, Kashmere Gate, Anand Vihar, Rajouri Garden, Africa Avenue and Bhogal.233 jaywalkers were prosecuted on Thursday while 195 were challaned on Friday. Yesterday, the figure was 154.\"We have selected places where good foot overbridges exist for crossing the roads. Those who do not use these and crossed the road while traffic was on were prosecuted,\" a senior police official said.Satyendra Garg, Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) said he \"resisted\" prosecuting jay walkers endangering their own lives for nearly two years.\"I was convinced if pedestrians are unsafe basic reason is we have not provided enough facilities for them. Footpaths are either not there or are encroached as car parking or by hawkers. Foot over bridges are non-existent or not usable.\"Underpasses are unsafe or badly lit for safety. What is sad even where there are reasonably good facilities people are not using it. The other day we started scheme to motivate people to use FOBs by giving lucky coupons with cash awards. Now we have started prosecuting jaywalkers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11584605", "title": "Woman, son killed in road mishap", "text": "GONDIA: 45-year-old Chhaya Gautam, a resident of village Ghoti in Balaghat district and her 20-year-old son Jitu were killed in a collision between their motorcycle and a truck on the ring road on Friday night. The bike driver and his 4-year-old niece Avishika were seriously injured and admitted to the local KTS Hospital.There was ruckus at the accident spot for quite some time as truck driver Khemraj Wadichar (36) of Chich Tola in Salekasa tried to flee. But an angry mob caught him and bashed him. The truck was also damaged. People blamed encroachments on that stretch of the road for the mishap. Police inspector Rajendra Shetty managed to clam down the mob after an hour.Jitendra Gautam (26), a soldier in military and posted at Baramulla in Kashmir, had come to his Ghoti home on leave. On Friday night, he was going to a marriage ceremony on his motorcycle (MP/51/1068) along with mother Chhaya, brother Jitu and niece Avishika to Gondia. When he reached the reception counter of 'Greeenland', he came to know that the function was at Mayur Lawns.As he turned, a speeding truck coming from his right side hit his vehicle. The truck, belonging to Raja Transport, Fulchur was speeding from Tiroda to Gondia. As the two vehicles collided, Jitendra and Avishika were thrown off and escaped death. But Jitendra's mother and brother were dragged away for about 150 feet by the truck and died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585931", "title": "Now, money chains can flourish", "text": "KOCHI: Those who duped the country's most literate state with numerous 'get-rich-quick' or 'earn-maximum-returns' schemes are breathing a sigh of relief. But now they are back in business with a favourable court order, aided by a government order that legalizes money chains.A recent government order on how to discriminate between legal and illegal companies has come to the aid of these money chain companies. Now companies accused of cheating more than Rs 1,000 crore from the public are beginning to secure favourable court orders citing the government order.PI Marketing Pvt Ltd ( PIPL), the company associated with the money chain scam widely known as Penta World India that was active in the central and northern parts of Kerala, became the benefactor of the first court order.Media reports had earlier revealed that the government order issued on September 12 this year was an exact copy of the guidelines of Indian Direct Selling Association (IDSA). Even though many of the IDSA members were already booked for running money chains, the government had reproduced IDSA guidelines as the base for differentiating legal and illegal companies.This week, Penta World approached the Kerala High Court with an interim application that pointed out that the government order allows them to continue operations as it's a direct selling organization.Justice Antony Dominic, who heard the interim application filed in the original case that has the state government as the respondent, ruled in favour of the company and allowed them to continue with their operations.Penta World had the most number of investors from Thrissur and Kannur districts for its schemes priced in the range of Rs 1,000 to Rs 19,000. The company was selling products ranging from vegetable cutters to insurance policies, water purifiers, and apparels. Following complaints that alleged the company to be running a money chain, police had raided and sealed its Kerala head office at Thrissur on June 16 this year.While Penta World has already won a favourable court order, cases filed by the state against many other money chain companies are still pending before the high court.Commenting on the new trend, additional advocate general KA Jaleel said, \"The government order only allows companies that are doing lawful direct selling to continue. If they are found to be engaging in money chain operations, action will be taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583280", "title": "Long faces greet rise of Kapus in Cong", "text": "HYDERABAD: The induction of two erstwhile PRP legislators into the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet has triggered a caste war in the Congress. Two senior leaders of the party, an MLA and an MP, in a clear jibe at the party high command, criticised the caste politics in the party.Five-time MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao on Saturday caused a flutter by openly saying that his Kamma community was being totally ignored in the party.The remarks assume political significance as the induction of PRP legislators C Ramachandraiah and Ganta Srinivasa Rao, belonging to the Kapu community, is seen as a caste-based expansion.Though Rayapati did not oppose the induction of the PRP leaders into the cabinet, he, however was critical of the party for having ignored leaders from the Kamma caste.\"My own people have been asking me why Kammas are being ignored by the party. I have no answer to give,\" he said.Stating that accommodating the Chiranjeevi team members in the cabinet was a right decision given their cooperation at the time of the no-confidence motion, he said the high command's gesture in offering two berths to the PRP men was a wise decision.\"But, the party is not recognising the contribution of the senior leaders. I have been in the party for 30 years. But, where is the recognition?\" he asked. Rayapati threw a mild challenge at the party by saying that those leaders who were given cabinet berths should ensure its victory in the elections.However, the Guntur MP said he was not thinking of quitting the party despite the insults. \"I have been in the party for 30 years. I will continue to remain in the party,\" he said. When asked, he added that now he would not take any post even if offered. \"It's too late,\" he said.Senior Congress MLA Gade Venkata Reddy echoed Rayapati's sentiments. A former endowments minister and senior MLA of the party in the Assembly, Venkata Reddy said the Congress was wooing the Kapu community and ignoring the other castes and senior leaders.\"It is unfortunate that caste is playing a key role in politics. Candidates are being fielded on caste lines,\" he said in Guntur.Reddy, who is visibly disappointed at not being offered any position in the government, said, \"May be the party does not want seniors.\"Reddy was endowments minister in the previous K Rosaiah government but was dropped by his successor Kiran Kuamr Reddy. Stating that the there was regional imbalance in the cabinet; Reddy felt that Kiran should have tried to prevent this by taking some MLAs from Telagnana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583970", "title": "PIL seeks shrouding of Cong leaders\u2019 statues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Allahabad High Court on Saturday seeking direction to the chief election commissioner (CEC) for freezing the flag of the Indian National Congress, restraining its use in campaigning by the party and shrouding statues of Congress leaders as well as those from other political parties.The PIL has been filed by Adivasi Samajotthan Evam Kalyan Samiti, Allahabad, through its president Ram Kumar Maurya.The CEC, Union of India through home secretary, chief secretary of the UP government, Indian National Congress through its president/general secretary, BJP through its president/general secretary and SP, BSP, NCP and RLD through their presidents have been made parties in the PIL.The PIL would come up for hearing on Wednesday.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583088", "title": "UP elections: 'Tainted' candidates file nominations", "text": "VARANASI: While the nomination of mafia don turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari was filed by his supporters from Ghosi and Mau Sadar assembly constituencies in Mau district on Saturday, Jagriti Singh, the wife of muscleman MP of Bahujan Samaj Party Dhananjay Singh, filed her nomination paper from Malhini assembly constituency as independent candidate.In Mau district, the proposers of Mukhtar reached the nomination offices of Ghosi and Mau Saday assembly constituencies with the nomination forms of this mafia don turned MLA. Mukhtar is presently lodged in Fatehgarh jail. He will contest the election as Qaumi Ekta Dal formed by his brothers including Afjal Ansari.This party has formed an alliance with 11 other lesser known political parties. Mukhtar had contested last parliamentary election as Bahujan Samaj Party candidate from Varanasi where he lost against Bharatiya Janata Party's Murli Manohar Joshi. A total of 22 nominations including of Congress candidate from Ghosi Rana Khatoon and BJP candidate Shriram Sonekar were filed in Mau district on Saturday.Apart from it the Jaunpur district was also the centre for attraction where the wife of muscleman politician Dhananjay Singh filed her nomination as independent candidate from Malhini seat. Dhananjay is presently lodged in Jaunpur jail. He had won parliamentary election as BSP candidate.Recently the party had expelled him but after sometime the decision was changed. Dhananjay also remained in limelight as many BJP leaders including Pankaj Singh, the son of former party president and Rajnath Singh had visited Jaunpur jail to meet him. A BSP MLA Birju Ram, who was denied party ticket to contest the assembly election, also filed his nomination from Kerakat assembly seat.UP minister Jagdish Narain Rai filed his nomination from Jafrabad seat. A total of nine nominations were filed in Jaunpur district on Saturday.In Ghazipur, where the polling will take place in second phase on February 11, as many as 17 nominations were filed on Saturday. The nomination of Congress candidate Shailesh Singh, who is presently lodged in jail, was filed by his proposers from Jungipur seat.BSP MLA Rajkumar Gautam filed his nomination from Ghazipur Sadar while Congress candidate from Saidpur Rajiv Kiran and Qaumi Ekta Dal candidate from Jamania Asif Khan also filed their nominations.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11584196", "title": "Govt hospitals fail to cater to citizens' needs", "text": "GURGAON: Despite phenonmenonal development and technical growth, the healthcare facilities in Gurgaon are a far cry from what are expected in a world-class city. While the city houses some swanky private hospitals, the government healthcare centres are mostly in a pathetic condition.The government hospitals in Gurgaon remain ill-equipped to handle serious emergency cases, despite the state sanctioning crores of rupees for the development of these hospitals.Very recently, the state healthcare department had spent about Rs 15 crore in just renovating the dilapidated Civil Hospital building and procuring expensive equipment for health checkups.While this has definitely improved the look and feel of the hospital, the healthcare provided continues to fall short of expectations. Shortage of doctors is one of the major problems faced by the hospital. According to sources, over 1,200 patients visit the Civil Hospital Out-Patient Department (OPD) on a daily basis. However, in comparison there are only 34-odd medical officers (over 20 posts lying vacant) and 11 senior medical officers, which means that patients have to wait for a long time before they can get appointments with doctors.Roshni Singh, a resident of old Gurgaon, who had come to the hospital for the treatment of her ailing mother, said, \"I had to wait for almost 10 days before I could fix an appointment with the doctor for my mother. She is suffering from heart conditions and required immediate medical attention. It's high time they realized that treatment delayed is as good as treatment denied.\"To add to the problems of the patients, each time there is a VIP duty in the district, even scheduled OTs are delayed further.The 200-bed Civil Hospital, which was recently upgraded by NBCC ( National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd), has been reduced to attend to duties like family planning, postmortems, MLC cases, community services (polio campaign and measles campaign) other than VIP duties.\"Patient care comes last on our duty list. Rather, we have to ensure that we find time to perform the above-mentioned tasks,\" complained a senior surgeon with the hospital, who wished not to be named.Also, the lack of specialized cadres for doctors discourages them from performing their roles as they are either medical officers or senior medical officers and both are overburdened, thanks to manpower shortage.\"If a specialist does not get the adequate training, how will the junior doctors and the paramedical staff under him/her get their training? The problem is that neither are we rewarded for doing a good job or penalized for doing a bad job. Thus, there is no incentive for doing a good job,\" added another doctor at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585566", "title": "No water woes this summer", "text": "INDORE: Come April and the areas of Mayur Nagar, Ram Nagar, Shri Krishna Nagar, Virat Nagar, Bhahin Nagar, Aman Nagar, Indri Nagar and nearby regions would get ample supply of water. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is going to lay 18-km pipeline under Narmada water project in ward number 50 with an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 crore.Bhumipoojan for the project was done on Saturday by mayor Krishnamurari Moghe and health minister Mahendra Hardia. Water in-charge, Sapna Chouhan said that providing tap water in the region was one of the main priorities of the civic body. \"Initially the pipeline will be connected with an overhead tank at Krishi Nagar, and later another water tank will also be constructed at Mayur Nagar for the water supply across the locality,\" she added.As of now, over 40 per cent of the city population is dependent on ground water, however civic body would ensure sufficient and smooth flow of water supply from Narmada phase III by 90 ml from the month of March. Civic body is also planning to solve water woes of most of the areas before summer season steps in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583109", "title": "Republic Day celebrations: Security beefed up after rebel threat", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police have tightened security following intelligence inputs that anti-talks factions of various militant outfits may launch terror strikes ahead of Republic Day.Though no additional forces have been deployed, police are on its toes to check any kind of terror attack in and around the city. Apart from Ulfa hardliners, police are also keeping an eye on any possible strike from the Meghalaya-based Garo National Liberation Front (GNLF) to disrupt the ceremony.\"We have inputs that Ulfa hardliners may take a chance to disrupt Republic Day celebrations under the instruction of Ulfa leader Dhristi Rajkhowa. Moreover, the GNLF may also try to make its presence felt as militant outfits of the region have reportedly join hands,\" said SP (City) A J Baruah.He added that some areas of Kamrup district are vulnerable to movements of ultras. Police, too, have sought help from village defense parties (VDP) to keep keep a watch on militants. \"We have alerted the VDPs to keep an eye on any doubtful movement. Many areas of Kamrup district are adjoining Meghalaya where the GNLF is active. We are also keeping a track of vulnerable areas,\" he said.As the venue for Republic Day celebration has been shifted from the city's Latasil playground to Khanapara veterinary ground, which is near to chief minister Tarun Gogoi's official residence, police have called for some latest explosive detectors for maintaining ground security. \"Metal detectors are constantly scanning the celebration venue to detect explosives under the ground,\" the city SP added. The Railway Protection Force has intensified track patrolling in and around the city. The NF Railway authorities have cancelled eight local trains till January 27 for security reasons. On Saturday, Ulfa and 11 other outfits groups of the region have called for a boycott of Republic Day celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11585687", "title": "50-year-old teacher found murdered near Bhavnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: In a gruesome incident, a 50-year-old school teacher was found murdered on the outskirts of Bhavnagar on Friday night.The body of the teacher, identified as Pinankin Jani, was found in a charred condition near Shidasar village.According to Vartej police station officials, Jani was a school teacher in Sharda Mandir High School in Bhavnagarpara area in Bhavnagar.The complaint was filed by deceased's relative Ashok Pandya.Someone informed police at around 10 pm on Friday night that a half-burnt body of a person was lying near Shidasar village. Vartej police filed a complaint of murder against unidentified and are investigating the case.Police suspect that Soni may have murdered elsewhere and dumped here. Later, the accused attempted to destroy the evidence by burning his body.\"We have sent the body for post mortem and are investigating the case'' said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585068", "title": "\u2018Treat domestic violence as a health issue\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: For over ten years, the city's only crises intervention centre in the civic-run Bhabha Hospital has provided succour to women who have been battered or abused in their homes. The initiative, a public-private project called Dilaasa, earned kudos for the early and effective help it extended to women victims of domestic violence in an independent evaluation by researcher T K Sundari Ravindran, which was released on the Kalina campus of the university on Saturday.She joined BMC officials, representatives of NGO CEHAT and women activists in demanding that the Dilaasa model be adopted as a government policy and replicated.Housed in a public hospital, Dilaasa is the first acknowledgment of domestic violence as a health issue. Besides training doctors and hospital staffers to identify and treat victims of abuse, it also extends psycho-social counselling.And the benefits are evident. Ravindra's research, for instance, showed that Dilaasa registered about 250 women for help and counselling annually; in comparison, counselling centres that dot the city registered 100.\"Doctors are often the first point of contact for victims, which is why such intervention in a hospital setting can make a huge difference,\" said Padma Deosthali of CEHAT. For instance, the research showed that 66% of women victims had come to the hospital with other illnesses but their abuse was picked up by staffers who had been trained and sensitized.\"Most of the violence occurs within the first year of marriage and Dilaasa's success lies in the fact that 70% of those who sought help had done so within the first year itself, which indicates early intervention,\" said Ravindran. Former director of the forensic science laboratory Rukmini Krishnamoorthy said hospitals were also equipped to procure forensic evidence, which could help such victims seek justice, if required.Ravindran's research showed that the Bhabha staffers were well sensitized. While 32% victims came via the casualty (section), 60% had been identified by doctors and nurses in various wards. \"We need such crises centres across hospitals in every part of the country,\" she said.A policy brief drawn up by CEHAT for scaling up of the model has now been forwarded to the department of women and child development for consideration. BMC's superintendent of peripheral hospitals Seema Mallik was all for replicating it.A small start has already been made with the staff of five civic hospitals being trained to effectively deal with such victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584512", "title": "9 more booked for poll code violation", "text": "NAGPUR:Cases of violation of code of conduct have continued to increase. Nine more persons have been booked till Friday, taking the total to 29.FIR has been registered against Vijayalaxmi Hazare of Congress, Sharad Sarode and Prashant Pandit of Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena, Satish Lonare of Dalit Sena, Aishwarya Bauddeshiya Sanstha and Abhishek Shambarkar of Aadhar Bahuddeshiya Sanstha, all from Indora, Mahendra Dhanvijay of BJP from Nara and Rekha Sakhare, Raju Zade and Aparna Borikar.Of 29 cases, 20 are from Ashi Nagar zone itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584157", "title": "Project for ex-servicemen begins", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The three-day project \"Sahayta - Endeavour by Eagles to Fly Together\" began on Saturday at Station Workshop Electronics and Mechanical Engineers (SWEME), Chandimandir Cantonment.Problems and grievances of ex-servicemen, widows, families and their next of kin are being discussed. Day-1 was for retired officers, widows and families. January 22 would be dedicated to the retired Junior Commissioned Officers ( JCOs), other ranks ( OR), and civilians. Solutions are to be discussed on January 23. Brigadier Arun Ganguly said the project aims to reach the retired personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nawashahr/kharar", "code": "11585286", "title": "Fulfill Kanshi's dream, form BSP govt in Punjab: Maya", "text": "NAWASHAHR/KHARAR: Invoking party founder Kanshi Ram's dream of forming a government in Punjab and drawing parallels with Uttar Pradesh, BSP supremo Mayawati, who addressed two rallies in the state on Saturday, said she was looking forward to doing so.\"Kanshi Ram had a dream that BSP should form a government in Punjab. That dream could not be realized in his lifetime. Now you must ensure that his dream is fulfilled and BSP government is formed in Punjab,\" she told the audience, who reciprocated with clapping. \"We are looking forward to fulfilling his dream in this state. We will implement the same development schemes as we have executed in Uttar Pradesh,\" she added.Mayawati, who reached the rally venue in Kharar three hours late, made it clear that her party would contest the Punjab assembly elections alone. \"Punjab's dalits, minorities and weaker sections are still living a miserable life. All our economic policies are aimed at benefiting the poor,\" she said. \"If you want a government for sarvjan, like the one in UP, then ensure that BSP candidates win and if the party comes to power, we shall implement the UP model here, besides addressing local issues of the people of Punjab,\" she added.Highlighting the welfare schemes started by her government in UP, the BSP supremo also sought to play up the efforts of her government to raise memorials of dalit icons in UP despite opposition by casteist elements and other political parties there. \"What I have done there to perpetuate the memory of heroes of dalits and poor, would always remain etched in history,\" she claimed.Attempting to use the controversy around elephant statues in UP to the advantage of her party, she said media and casteist elements in other parties had raised a lot of objections but it only helped to create better awareness in people about BSP's poll symbol. She repeatedly mentioned \"sarvjan\" in her speech to attract all communities and claimed that BSP had given representation to all communities in picking up candidates in Punjab and that it was done according to population share of each community.Assembly elections 2012 newsPunjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583476", "title": "Candidates using Hazare\u2019s photo may face criminal case", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare's lawyer Milind Pawar on Saturday said that Hazare has not supported any candidate or political party or alliance for elections to local self-government bodies and that any unauthorized use of Hazare's photograph on campaign material will attract criminal cases.A statement by Pawar said that some candidates have printed Hazare's photograph in their performance reports. \"We are filing criminal cases against such people,\" it said.Many candidates from various political parties, who were contesting elections to municipal corporations, zilla parishads and panchayat samitis had met Hazare to secure his support. They also sought his permission to print his photograph in their reports to appeal to the voters.\"According to the information given to me by my client Anna Hazare and documents shown to me, he has not given any official written or oral support to any candidate or political party or alliance. Hazare does not have the wish to do so and he had earlier released an official statement to that effect, as well. However, even after the release of his statement some candidates have used his photographs,\" Pawar said in the statement.Pawar announced on Hazare's behalf that his photograph or name should not be printed by candidates in their reports, pamphlets and banners. Hazare's support should not be taken for granted by voters, if they came across such campaign material, his statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584039", "title": "Mock fire drill at govt school", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A surprise mock drill was conducted by fire and emergency services wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation on Saturday at Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37-C, to check the fire equipments of the school and their preparedness to deal with a fire incident.During the drill, fire officials told students about the measures to be taken if a fire breaks out. They illustrated various types of fires and precautions to be taken in such cases.The fire fighting team demonstrated how to rescue victims from the spot and showed how to enter a room in case of dense fire.Students and faculty learnt important life saving tips from the demo. Volunteers of Bharat Scouts and Guides and NSS took special training from fire safety staff. Station fire officer ML Sharma said the drill was organized following the orders from Centre to check the fire fighting equipments at schools and aware the students and staff about the rescue operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11590365", "title": "Ashutosh Rana and Rajpal Yadav to come to Sangam?", "text": "If the rumour mills are to be believed, actor Ashutosh Rana and Rajpal Yadav will be coming to the sangam city and staying with their guru 'Daddaji' for a few days, sometime soon.Both these actors, who used to come to Magh mela and stay at Daddaji's camp for some religious activities every year by now, have not come due to some reasons so far and uncertainty over their arrival has gripped the people of the city.However, the people at their Guruji's camp are quite hopeful. Informing about the development a close aide of their Guru Daddaji reveals, \"Although, we are not sure as of now, both these actors have made to guruji's sangam camp always and therefore we are expecting them to come sometime soon. This time probably their professional commitments have kept them a little more busy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584812", "title": "Patna varsity centre on Buddhist studies soon", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has decided to set up a centre on Buddhist Studies to promote teaching and research on different aspects of Buddhism. A decision in this regard was taken at a meeting of the PU Academic Council held here on Saturday under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. A diploma course in Buddhist studies would also be offered by the proposed centre.The academic council also decided to introduce a faculty of computer science and information technology. Currently, the university has no such faculty even as several courses on computer applications are being run at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels.The academic council also approved the format of the revised syllabi of PG courses under the semester system which would be introduced from the next academic session ( 2012-13). The admission ordinance and examination regulations of these courses would be finalized by a committee of deans. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584734", "title": "Train runs over woman, mob goes berserk", "text": "PATNA: An irate mob set ablaze a JCB machine and damaged the windowpanes of some vehicles after a middle-aged woman was run over by a train near Sipara pul under Beur police station late on Saturday evening.Police said that a local woman was crossing the railway tracks at Sipara pul when she was run over by a train. This agitated the locals, who set ablaze a JCB machine engaged in construction of a road there. The mob also damaged windowpanes of some vehicles parked there and pelted a team of policemen with stones.On getting information, policemen from Beur, Jakkanpur, RK Nagar, Kankarbagh and Patrakarnagar police stations reached there. City SP, Patna, Kim, Sadar SDPO Rashid Zaman and Phulwarisharif SDPO R K Dubey also reached the spot. Four fire tenders reached the spot and doused the flames of JCB machine. Kim said that separate FIRs would be lodged with Government Railway Police, Patna, and Beur police station in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11584876", "title": "\u2018Disconnect between good idea &amp; its implementation\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The worsening signs in the world economy point to something much larger than a seasonal downturn. The economic crisis in the West is read by many as a crisis for capitalism, asking for fundamental reforms and systems that aim at reducing the rich-poor divide.Abhijit Banerjee's bestseller: Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty, written with his colleague Esther Duflo, provides just what the times demand, and just what the subtitle promises.The session was supported by The Times of India.\"In India, there is disconnect between a good idea, and the way it's implemented,\" Banerjee said, speaking in front of a packed house at the JLF on Saturday evening. This lack of proper implementation, according to Banerjee, a professor of economics at the MIT, has to do with limited understanding of the real problems faced by poor at the very ground level. \"Welfare programmes are often designed by bureaucrats just with their intuitive sense of the world,\" he said.In keeping with the complexities posed by the problem of poverty, the solutions suggested by Banerjee are far from simple. He recommends reforms which go beyond the catchphrase 'decentralisation of the economy,' According to him, institutional reforms should be in order, along with better evaluating systems, making sure that the schemes and programmes meant for the poor reach the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11585389", "title": "Bus with 45 students overturns, 12 badly hurt", "text": "PANIPAT: A school bus carrying 45 children overturned near Nara village on Assandh road in Panipat on Saturday morning. The students were from BSRK School, Safidon. Twelve students sustained grievous injuries and were admitted to various hospitals of the district. One of the students, Jyoti, who was injured in the accident, said Kuldeep, the driver of the bus, asked his son Sudhir to take its steering wheel. He said the accident occurred when Sudhir was adjusting his seat and lost control of the bus, which went into a trench along the road and overturned.DSP traffic Pradip Sheokand said they had registered a case under sections 279 (rash driving) and 337 (endangering safety of others) of Indian Penal Code against driver Kuldeep, his son Sudhir and school's proprietor Suresh Gupta. Meanwhile, doctors attending to the injured students said condition of six, identified as Himanshu, Rinku, Dipika, Sangita, Anshul and Giitika, was serious and they were being kept under 24-hour observation. No district administration officials arrived to look at the scene of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584334", "title": "In a class of her own", "text": "Her father is Punjab's tallest leader, her brother the dashing, young face of Akalis, her husband a high-ranking minister and her sister-in-law a firebrand MP. But, in the hustle and bustle of elections in the state, Parneet Kaur melts in the crowd, choosing to remain in the shadow of her politically illustrious family.Parneet, daughter of Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal, has a presence that stands out in its own quiet way. Yet, dressed in a simple salwar kameez and a black shawl wrapped snugly around her, she seems the quintessential woman next door. Because, for her, keeping herself near-incognito has been the biggest success.In this season of elections, as she again walks through narrow, broken lanes in villages, with folded hands asking for votes, she says she is \"happy doing her bit quietly\". It's not that she has not had opportunities to fulfil political ambitions, if she had any. Her father has been chief minister four times. Her only brother, Sukhbir Badal, is the deputy chief minister while his wife and Parneet's sister-in-law, Harsimrat Badal is a sitting Member of Parliament. And that is just her father's side.Her husband, Adeish Pratap Singh Kairon, for whom she is campaigning, has been a three-time MLA from Patti. He is a heavyweight in his own right, being the grandson of Punjab's first chief minister Pratap Singh Kairon.Ask her why she has never joined her family in the political field and she says, \"I do not wish to be in the public eye. I spend my time solving problems of people in our constituency and I am better off without publicity.\"Intensely private, she talks about her need to keep the protective cloak of privacy around her. \"I am available all the time for my people. I need to work for them. Maybe it's more of my thing, I feel I will get to heaven this way if I help the needy,\" she says.A thorough homemaker, Parneet has been helping her husband in his election campaign. Camping non-stop for past three months in Kairon village, her days are packed. She might be conspicuous by her absence on the political field but Parneet is no stranger among the village women in this border area.\"I am completely apolitical, I have no personal agenda. I am deeply involved in politics yet completely out of it,\" she says, her rare smile flashing.\"I have learned it from my mother to tend for the family, look after people in our area and address their grievances. People come to me with their problems with a lot of hope and it gives me satisfaction to know that I could be of help,\" she says in immaculate English.Mother of two sons, one studying in Doon School and another abroad, Parneet has always triggered speculations regarding her political ambitions. Ask her about strong rumours that did the rounds during distribution of tickets that she might be fielded as a candidate, and she laugh heartily. \"I know... it happens. But it's only because people want me to join politics. They have high hopes from me.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583135", "title": "Ghilaf \u2018burnt\u2019, mild tension at Lal Darwaza", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed near Sayed Sadath Hussaini dargah in Lal Darwaza when a portion of the ghilaf, the cloth covering the grave, was burnt on Friday night.The police investigation into the incident revealed that it might have happened accidentally.The Chatrinaka police said the chirag (lamp) which was kept at the dargah fell and subsequently a portion of the gilaf was burnt.\"We made some inquiries and found out the reason behind the burning of the cloth and informed the people around the dargah,\" assistant commissioner of police (Falaknuma) K Jagannath Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583550", "title": "5 held for seizing luxury bus", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Saturday arrested five people for allegedly stealing a luxury bus, after thrashing its owner, driver and cleaner, and looting Rs 5,000 and cell phones, all totalling over Rs 25 lakh.The incident took place between Ravi Darshan society and Mantarwadi garbage depot on the Katraj bypass road at 11.45 pm on Friday.All five arrested - Nishid Sawant (23), Mohsin Pathan (20) and Aniket Gaikwad (22), all residents of Dhankawdi, and Krishna Gaikwad (48) and Sagar More (25), both residents of Katraj - have been remanded in police custody till January 24.Three of the suspects boarded the bus from the Pune-Solapur road on the pretext of going to Shirdi. As the bus reached the Katraj bypass, they asked the driver to stop the vehicle on pretext of going to toilet. Two suspects reached there in an MUV. The five then thrashed the driver of the bus, Shivaji Kamble, owner Dhananjay Ghodke and cleaner Babu Bansode and took away the bus keys, advance payment of Rs 5,000 made by the three suspects earlier and a cell phone.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station said all five suspects were arrested within 12 hours after the incident and the bus that was parked behind the Khed-Shivapur dargah was seized and the cash and cell phone recovered. The police also seized the MUV.Mandhare said investigations have revealed that Ghodke and Sawant were in a dispute over the issue of renting six buses to IT parks.All five have been charged under sections 395 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585490", "title": "Builder to pay Rs 15 lakh for delay in construction", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission on Friday ordered a builder to pay interest of around Rs 9 lakh to two flat buyers who wanted a refund after the builder kept delaying construction of an apartment they had bought in 1996.City Builders and Developers will now have to refund Meena Mohiuddin and Sandra Busheri the invested amount of Rs 6.62 lakh, along with 12% interest from September 2000. The duo will get around Rs 15 lakh.n November 1995, the women purchased a flat in the company's upcoming project in Koparkhairane. The flat measured 1,100 sq ft and the purchasers agreed to pay a total of Rs 18.7 lakh. They then paid Rs 1.65 lakh as an installment, but no receipt was issued by the builder. The balance amount was to be paid as per the terms and condition of the letter of allotment dated January 1996. Possession was to be handed in December 1997.The builder had not even started the construction of the project by November 1999, by which time the complainants had paid Rs 6.98 lakh. In July 2000, the builders sent a letter for termination of agreement, in case arrears of payment were not paid in 15 days. The builders also threatened to sell the flat. The complainants then sent a notice to the builders seeking a refund, which was rejected. The complainants filed a complaint with the commission.The builder said no date was stipulated for completion of the project. The builder submitted that there were delays in getting the requisite permission and hence the project work started in January 1997, adding that the complainants were informed.They added that since the complainants reside outside India, the various letters sent to them were returned with remarks stating either 'left' or 'not found'. They also said the complainants did not attend the meeting of flat purchasers as conveyed by them.The commission held that for want of effective communication and the delay in commencement of the project, the complainants decided not to execute the sale deed. \"In the circumstances, they are entitled to get the refund of consideration paid as there is no prayer for possession of the subject flat,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583431", "title": "Chaupals, not dacoits dictate terms in Chitrakoot now", "text": "KANPUR: Gone are the days when the villagers used to follow the 'firman' (diktat) of dacoits issued during elections in the dacoit-infested villages of Chitrakoot district. 'Chaupals' have now taken a centrestage in most of the villages of the slain brigands across the district.At Barui village in Naya Purwa, from where the lone surviving dacoit Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya hails, youngsters sitting with seniors and district election officials at the 'chaupal' were seen discussing freely about the future prospects of the political parties and the candidates.The oldest among them Rajaul Kole was initially reluctant to spell out his choice but after a bit of coaxing, confidently admits that following assurances from cops, he would definitely cast his vote in favour of a candidate with sound credentials and who would commit for an overall development of the village.He added, \"Earlier, we used to respect the 'firmaan' of dacoits, especially belonging to our community. But after grabbing power, no candidate backed by them (dacoits), fulfill our demands of improving the deteriorating condition of the community and villages.\"\"Chaupals will help us muster courage against the candidates influenced by the dacoits or criminal gangs. It will surely leave an impact on others,\" claimed Hardayal, another veteran.Shiv Ram added: \"We will respect the opinion of 'bada sahebs' (election officials and policemen) as well as of our elders. 'Chaupals' will help us in sending the right person to the Assembly.\"\"Now, elections will no longer remain the domain of dacoits and 'firmaans' are the things of past. We have come up with a novel initiative of holding 'chaupals' in the villages to create awareness about the country's democratic structure, besides instilling a sense of security so that the voters can muster courage against the candidates backed by criminals if any and cast vote without fear. We have been asking them to come out of their homes and participate in the electoral process without fear,\" district magistrate Adarsh Singh said.\"Times are changing and now they (villagers) may or may not accept what is told to them, but they will certainly give it a thought. During 'chaupals', we are telling them about the presence of 100 companies of para-military forces, which we requisitioned from Assam, besides deployment of four companies of PAC and personnel from civil police. We are asking the villagers to give information to the police control room No: 100 about the movement of the dacoits or criminals if any and candidates seeking the help of criminals. The names of the informers would be kept secret,\" superintendent of police, Chitrakoot, Tehsildar Singh said.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11583121", "title": "Sitaram Bagh: A unique architectural synthesis", "text": "The British established themselves at Hyderabad at the close of the 18th century after finally Monsieur Raymond's contingent of French mercenaries was wiped out. The resulting stability in the region proved conducive to an increase in commercial activity which witnessed an influx of settlers into the city from various parts of India attracted by the business opportunities which promised rich dividends for enterprising individuals. It was in these exciting times that Seth Mahanand Ramji, scion of the Ganeriwala clan, set up a banking firm at Hyderabad in 1802 and was soon listed among the notable sahukars (financers) of the city.Mahanand Sahu was succeeded by his illustrious son Seth Puranmalji, an astute businessman who soon managed to establish the family firm of Mahanand Ram Puranmal as leading bankers of the State. It is said that Puranmalji often succeeded due to his business acumen where even the most industrious individuals failed. He is credited with the seemingly impossible recovery of revenue arrears from the Berar district in the first quarter of the 19th century, an act which endeared him to the Nizam, Sikandar Jah (1803-1829).Soon thereafter, Seth Puranmal acquired a large plot of land on the then outskirts of the city, near the village of Mallapally. The property included an old Qutub Shahi Mosque and step well adjacent to which Puranmalji constructed a temple complex in 1825 and laid out a garden in the remaining grounds. At the eastern corner of the property, an area was set aside for the samadhis of Puranmalji and his son Premsukhdas. Unique specimens of architectural synthesis, these well proportioned Mughal-Rajput style pavilions with ribbed domes rest on square base structures with Kakatiyan and European elements coming together in graceful harmony.The temple complex itself is a labyrinth of interconnected quadrangular courtyards, each accessed through imposing gateways. The main gopuram is a perplexing collage composed of elements representing myriad architectural styles including Qutub Shahi, Mughal-Rajput, Kakatiytan and Classical European, which for some inexplicable reason come together creating an impressive facade. Succeeding courtyards open up dramatically, surprising the eye at every turn with abrupt variations in scale and proportion creating a constantly changing environment. The diverse architectural styles represented in the numerous structures of the temple complex which include portals, sanctums, cubicles, mandapas and step wells, some dating from the Qutub Shahi and Kakatiyan times, make the complex a rare treat for visitors who are overwhelmed by their grace and beauty. Traversing through the maze of quadrangles, one finally arrives at the innermost court where the presiding deities, Sita and Ram are installed. This is the sanctum sanctorum after which the complex gets its name - Sitaram Bagh.It is said that the Nizam, along with his Prime Minister Raja Chandulal, attended the grand opening of the temple and sanctioned a grant of revenue of two villages in the Berar towards its upkeep. The importance of the Sitaram Bagh temple can be gauged from the fact that its jagir revenue for 1943 amounted to Rs 50,000, which was the highest among temples of Hyderabad with the Kishen Bagh temple receiving only Rs18,000 that year.Renowned scholar Karen Leonard, who has been working on Hyderabad society of the Asaf Jahi period notes, \"the founding and development of Hindu temples in Hyderabad, with full support of Muslim rulers and the Indo-Muslim state, engaged nobles, officials and other key figures in the Mughlai administration in the creation of a plural society.\" This was in concord with \"the interpretation of Islamic law as requiring a king to ensure the well being of all the diverse groups in his kingdom, not just the Muslims, was the interpretation inherited by the Mughals in South Asia. The Nizams of Hyderabad inherited and applied that interpretation as well, one that fit well with Indic ruling traditions.\"For almost seventy years since taking possession of the property at Sitaram Bagh, the Ganeriwala family appointed Muslim managers to take care of the Qutub Shahi mosque within the premises. In 1894 however, a dispute arose which snowballed into a major controversy which was never resolved and the case remained inconclusive. The arrangement seems to have lasted till 1948 when after accession of Hyderabad, a wall was put up to delineate the mosque from the complex. Interestingly the barrier failed to cut off the two communities completely. It is said that sub terrain ducts connect the ancient step well in the temple complex to the well in the mosque. In a symbolic tribute to the famed cultural synthesis of Hyderabad, the waters used to purify devotees at the two religious institutions continue to mingle freely.( The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585440", "title": "We don't think of success or failure, they are just phases", "text": "In an exclusive interview with Sunday Times , Kumar Mangalam Birla, one of the richest Indians, and his wife Neerja talk about their motivation, passions and valuesKumar Mangalam Birla, 44, the chairman of the $35 billion Aditya Birla Group which operates in 36 countries, is one of the faces of the India growth story. His wife Neerja, the vice-chairperson of the Aditya Birla World Academy, an international school in Mumbai, is a wellknown collector and patron of arts. The Birlas tell Shobhan Saxena and Archana Khare Ghose about the values they share. Excerpts:You took over the group at the age of 28, and in just 15 years you have taken it from $2 billion to $35billion, from eight countries to 36. That's phenomenal growth. What is your key motivation?KB: The motivation, of course, is to take forward the legacy of my father (Aditya Birla). He was a pioneer in taking India overseas. In the 1960s, when globalization was not even a word in the corporate lexicon, feeling strapped by the license raj, he looked overseas. And over the next three decades, he made investments in south-east Asia. He exposed our group to the forces of globalization, competing with the best companies from Japan, US and Europe.My father taught us that to thrive, excellence in technology , quality and customer service along with cost competitiveness is a prerequisite. His contribution to business, the economy and society at large can never be underscored enough. Creating wealth for our multiple stakeholders was always on his radar. There is a huge canvas to paint and a lot of excitement and energy for sustainable growth to take this legacy even further. That's the key motivation.Of course, the economic liberalization process that began in the early 1990s must have played a role...Yes, in 1991 the government unleashed the power of India and created a partnership between itself and industry. As a result, India has emerged as an economic success story, and that is a matter of pride for all of us. But a lot more needs to be done. It's time to hit the accelerator again with twice the vigour.KB: Isn't it ironical that India is becoming a big capitalist economy when people in the west are raising questions about it?I don't think the western world is questioning capitalism. Capitalism as a concept is not something that society has written off. But today, there is degree of caution around capitalism. We believe in compassionate capitalism. Growth for growth's sake can never be an end in itself.Some time back when Warren Buffet asked Indian billionaires to give their wealth to charity, there was hardly any response...KB: The culture of caring and giving permeates many Indian families. In their own way, they are engaged in philanthropic pursuits. Several corporates are doing a lot in this space, but they are quiet about it.NB: Giving back is pretty much a part of the Birla family legacy. For generations, the philosophy of trusteeship underlines our operations. This entails ploughing back part of your profits in terms of giving back to society.And how do you give back to society?NB: Through education. ABWA, our international school in Mumbai focuses on holistic growth through experiential learning. I believe that education is not only about academic excellence. It is about character building, emotional growth and spiritual growth. Every year, children from our school go into the hinterland and work with the people there. That exposes them to the ground realities of our country.There is a quite a bit of art around your offices and residences. Who are the favourite artists of the family, both among the senior moderns and the junior contemporaries?NB: Both of us are very fond of art, especially contemporary art. We like art that appeals to the eye and paintings that reflect positivity and not morbid art. So our collection ranges from landscapes to abstract art. Laxman Shreshta, Jehangir Sabavala and Sunil Padwal are among the artists whose work adorns our home. We enjoy meeting with the artists and getting to know them and their art inspiration.Some business families have brought out their art collections in public by opening galleries. Do you have any such plans?NB: We have not thought of an exhibition of our paintings. But, my grandparents-in-law recently showcased their personal art collection at an exhibition. So who can tell?In the middle of your demanding schedule, how do you spend your free time?KB: We love to spend our free time with our three children. Other than that, shooting is a hobby. My reading is mostly limited to management books. Both of us have a passion for workouts, which we do together.NB: Many moons ago, I used to play the santoor . I still listen to music. Our day begins with the Hanuman Chalisa. We also listen to meditation music, bamboo music, the Beatles and Abba. We watch movies - English and Hindi - with our children. We also organize satsang every week at home with a group of our friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584586", "title": "Order on jobs for minors challenged", "text": "MADURAI: The Labour and Employment department's recent order barring a minor from applying for compassionate appointment has been challenged in the high court.The impugned order says persons who have completed 18 years alone can apply for compassionate appointment. In such a case, a lot of children whose parents die while on duty will not be able to get jobs on compassionate grounds. The Tamil Nadu Government Office Assistants and Basic Servants Association, represented by its deputy general secretary,R Sathiamoorthy, has filed the writ petition challenging the impugned order. According to the petitioner, the department has issued an order stating that a minor cannot apply for compassionate appointment at all and persons who have completed 18 years alone can do so. The order was passed by way of a clarification of the department and such a clarification goes against the very purpose of the previous government order. The principal secretary of the Labour &amp; Employment department has no powers to amend the order in the name of the name of clarification and any such clarification is liable to be set aside as unconstitutional, the petitioner claimed. The petitioner said that before issuing such a clarification, there was system wherein even a person within the age of 18 could apply for compassionate appointment and his or her application would be considered after attainment of the age of majority. The petitioner said there was a government order which said that the minor could apply for compassionate appointment before the expiry of three years from the date of attainment of 18 years. Now in the name of a clarification, such a right available to minors is conveniently lifted. The object of compassionate appointment is to provide employment to the family and save it from a sudden crisis. Such a noble objective is defeated by the clarification. The petition is likely to come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587541", "title": "Macho Mustafa is a complete family entertainer: Puja", "text": "She's a brat, she's naive, she's friendly but at the same time, she's very stubborn\" - that's how Mumbai girl Puja, who is debuting in Remac Filmz' \" Macho Mustafa\", directed by Reshmi Mitra, describes her character Diya in the film.When CT caught up with her at Hotel Hindusthan International, she said, \"It's a complete family entertainer with fantastic music and dance sequences.My character is a free-spirited girl who runs away from her home for the sake of adventure. It's a dream debut for any actor and I had a great time shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585554", "title": "Couple succumbs to burn injuries", "text": "INDORE: A young couple, who had set themselves afire a few days back and had been battling for life at a city hospital, succumbed to burns here on Saturday.The deceased have been identified as Banti, 25, son of Chhaganlal and his wife Reena, 23. They resorted to the extreme step on Thursday last. Police said that they doused themselves in kerosene and set afire in their house in Kulkarni Bhatta here. Later, they were admitted to the MY Hospital here with serious burns.Police said that Banti was a habitual drunkard and Reena was highly disturbed over his habit. They used to enter into verbal duel over the issue. On that fateful day, Banti returned home in an inebriated condition. Reena protested this led to heated arguments between them.During the verbal duel, an enraged Reena allegedly first doused herself with kerosene. When Banti saw her, he also followed her and thus the couple set themselves afire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11584011", "title": "One held for showing black flag to Rahul", "text": "VARANASI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi while addressing a public meeting at Dudhi in Sonbhadra district on Saturday had to face an awkward situation when some supporters of Baba Ramdev tried to show a black flag to him. One of them was overpowered by Congress workers and were handed over to the police.According to inspector of Dudhi police station, one person Ajeet Singh was arrested while two others managed to escape from the scene. During the public address of Rahul Gandhi, the three youths showed banner demanding 'bhrastachar mitao, kala dhan vapas lao'.The workers of Congress Sevadal caught Ajeet and thrashed him before the police took him under custody. Rahul accused the BSP government of large-scale irregularities in NRHM &amp; MNREGS.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11584630", "title": "2 schools burgled in Chinchinim", "text": "MARGAO: Two schools in Chinchinim-Mount Mary High School and St Mary's Angels Convent High School-located a few meters apart were burgled late Friday night. The police registered offences under Sections 454, 457 and 380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) on Saturday, but no arrests have been made so far.While the thieves fled with 25,000 and four cellphones from a cupboard in the office of Mount Mary High School, 3,000 was stolen from St Mary's Angels Convent High School. Incidentally, the four cellphones belonged to students and were confiscated after the students were found using the phones during school hours.Police said that they suspect that both schools were burgled by the same thieves as the window grills of both the schools were found broken.Furthermore, the police were informed about the theft at Mount Mary High School and it was only after the dog squad was pressed into service and they picked up a scent, that the police were led to St Mary's Angels Convent High School.Local residents who live near the two schools bemoaned the recent spate of burglaries in Chinchinim and demanded that the police step up their investigations and put a stop to the recurring thefts.Police sources added that they are investigating the case and are waiting to examine the fingerprints found at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584291", "title": "'Atrocities on minorities prompted IM terror strikes'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Mujahideen keeps a list of all alleged atrocities minorities are being subjected to in India and \"these incidents were extensively used by the group - though with their own interpretations - to brainwash new recruits\", said an officer who is part of the Delhi Police special team investigating the role of the organization in at least three major terror attacks.The seven members of the IM Bihar module, arrested recently, has reportedly cited a little-known blade attack on a member of its Azamgarh module, Salman, inside Tihar jail as a reason behind attacking foreign tourists at Jama Masjid. They were also inspired by the stories of police \"atrocities\" in certain pockets of southeast Delhi where residents were not allowed to add floors to their houses without bribing cops. These are in addition to some of the most used instances like riots and \"wrongful\" arrests that have been widely reported in the media, sources said.They said while IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal and his trusted aide and India operations head Yasin Bhatkal planned all attacks, it was Riyaz's brother, Iqbal , who decided the literature to be used in a particular area to attract youths after Yasin and his sleeper modules had identified the approachable youths.The sources added Yasin used to take special care not to talk to the Bhatkals over the phone as he feared he would be traced. They kept in touch through emails. However, when in Nepal , the cops have found him using a mobile phone to talk to the Bhatkals. IM used hawala channels to get the funds that were distributed in Sitamarhi, Araria, Darbhanga and Madhubani.The cops say this is not the first time the Bhatkals left Yasin in charge of the India operations. Early in the summer of 2004, the core members of the network met at Riyaz's bungalow, Jolly Beach, to discuss their plans. They had given the overall charge to Yasin, the brothers' most loyal lieutenant.Sources in Delhi Police told TOI that the home ministry had asked all security agencies to learn from the past and collaborate and share information with each other.Suspects have claimed an 'attack' on an IM member prompted the module to target foreign tourists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588190", "title": "Rush sans Salman Rushdie at Jaipur", "text": "The literary event sees an unprecedented turnout, making queues for amenities as long as those for readingsIt is worse this year,\" is the common refrain you hear from Jaipur Lit Fest veterans who try hard not to get tossed around by the furious waves of humanity that crash at the tents and the halls of Diggi Palace every 15 minutes.The literary festival, which is courted by controversy every year, has ballooned into a mega festival, a carnival, which, say old JLF patrons, is a far cry from the small, intimate affair that it used to be. Significantly, it calls itself the Kumbh Mela of Indian and international writing. And what is a Kumbh mela if there is no drama, no chaos, no saints and sinners, and no lost-and-found stories?More than 200 authors from around the globe have converged here, and are addressing packed venues under the sprawling shamianas. There are musicians, philosophers, actors and politicians, signing books, guzzling beer, tweeting about their experience and also - as it happened on the first day - roiling the Rushdie waters some more by reading out from his banned book. There have been furious debates over wine and whiskey about whether the festival should remain apolitical, and avoid getting into controversies that may jeopardise its positioning as a cultural event. There are those who feel it should not remain a passive spectator. But we leave that debate for another day. Because there are other, more immediate, concerns. Like that of the serpentine queues for food, water, coffee, washrooms. There are queues to get in, get books signed, photographs clicked against colourful poles, and get that one seat to rest the derriere. There are even queues to pick up Ritu Kumar outfits and FabIndia accessories.And there are tempers on the rise - celebrated journalist and author Philip Gourevitch stormed out of the media centre after telling a volunteer exactly what he thought of his request for an interview at lunchtime.The unprecedented turnout - good news for the organizers - has lead to a curious divide: Those who long for a more 'controlled' environment with the book-reading elite exchanging notes over a cup of Pushkari chai. And those who simply want to be a part of what has undoubtedly emerged as one of the biggest events in the country's socio-cultural calendar.\"Most people are not even attending the sessions... they are just hanging around, checking out the scene,\" pointed out a senior editor and author. \"And there are no really big stars this time,\" said a baffled commissioning editor of a publishing house. \"I don't understand.\"Indeed, the mood by day is that of a mela - a tourist attraction as the local cabbies and rickshawallahs will tell you, as they offer to take you sight-seeing. \"Andar kya hai?\" they ask incredulously, promising you better entertainment at the cloth factories and jewellery shops. But by night the din dies down to a sophisticated whisper.When the crowds tread home wearily, it is time to bring out the champagne flutes and raise a toast at the exquisite five-star lawns. That is where you can have a conversation with a jetsetting graphic designer or a critically acclaimed writer over canapes.The days, meanwhile, belong to the masses, who greet Gulzar with a roar and Chetan Bhagat with a thundering applause. Bhagat has finally summoned the courage to face the literary crowd, as he has said about his first JLF outing. The popular author - who is routinely heckled in upper crust literary meets - must have realised that his apprehensions were unfounded. If anything, he was given a rousing welcome. At the packed Mughal Tent, under a blue and white shamiana, his audience - mostly young readers - lapped up every word he said. And he played to the gallery - \"I am not here to make money but to create a brand my fans can trust,\" he said, in the same breath, condemned book bans.As a young author observed, there were more people at this session who had already read the author's book than anywhere else. With that, the democratisation of the lit festival is perhaps complete.Chandrima.Pal @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587830", "title": "SRK, Priyanka sold as one item", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra may or may not be an item in real life.However in reel life this star couple who recently gave us Don-2 are reportedly being booked as an item by show organisers say sources.Our source says, Don-2 producers went to town saying that they were due to collect an ex-amount of money(a huge fee) for the satellite rights of the film. Yes it is confirmed that Don-2 did get a big price against satellite. But what is also true, is that there allegedly is a clause in the contract that says that SRK-PC would compere the awards night for the channel that has picked up the airing rights of Don-2; and their emceeing fee is also allegedly adjusted against the full price of the satellite sale.''While the technicalities of SRK and PC's fee for their emcee act may or may not interest people; or may or may not be exactly the way our source tells us; what is truly interesting is the fact that these two superstars have been sold as a package item. Ahem!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585415", "title": "Age matters only in the Indian Army", "text": "General Peter Jan Schoomaker retired from active service in December 2000. His last posting was as the chief of the prestigious US Special Operations Command. Almost two-and-a-halfyears after he retired, Gen Schoomaker was recalled to head the US Army in August 2003.Sounds strange? In the Indian military it is almost unthinkable to appoint a retired general as the chief of army. In India, this would upset the laid-down order of succession, and scuttle the hopes of many officers down the line.So what about merit? In this whole controversy sparked by Gen V K Singh's age, that issue is not being debated at all. The fact is that Indian military chiefs are no longer selected on the basis of merit. The only thing that counts is their age. As merit takes a backseat, the fight in the Ministry of Defence is all about ensuring that favourites are suitably placed in the line of promotion on the basis of their date of birth.Now, however, many within the ranks are beginning to question the obsession with age. \"It is absurd. When you are 15 or 16 you apply for NDA. Should the fact of being younger than others decide whether one should be military chief or not? It is laughable,\" says a serving army general. \"Let's say two of us join NDA together, and we get promotions at the same time. All through the service I may have excelled in my work, but if I were a day younger, it is you who gets to become the chief,\" he says.A senior Air Force officer points out that Colin Powell, one of the most outstanding American military chiefs of all time, was 28th or so in seniority when he was appointed the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. \"What should matter is the tenure of service and merit,\" he says.In the years following Independence, when Jawaharlal Nehru was prime minister, the government did go by merit while selecting service chiefs. An officer recalled that Arjan Singh was appointed Air Force chief at 45. \"It was a tenure fixed for five years,\" he says. So there was no 'fixed' line of succession at that time.That has changed. The reason date of birth has become the main factor is that top officers are growing timid, refusing to take risks. \"Once you become a brigadier or major general, you have a fair idea who would be chief or not. From then on the hopefuls start playing safe ,\" says an officer.Both the Navy and Air Force have adopted selection policies which create a small group of 'aristocrats' among the officer cadre early in service, from whom the chiefs generally come. These officers invariably have done select tenures, such as being on the personal staff of senior commanders. In the Navy, an officer points out, many of these 'aristocrats' does not serve enough time at sea or other tough postings. \"As a result, our preferred officers do not have enough exposure to the battlefield. They are all fundamentally being groomed, and biding time, to take on senior appointments. And a few of them do become chiefs,\" says a Navy officer.The net result of such skewed policies is that the day on which one is born has become the most crucial factor in deciding who commands one of the world's biggest armies.Not surprisingly, many are closely watching how this court battle over Gen VK Singh 's age ends. Will he retire on May 31, 2012, and let A, B and C become chief over the next six-seven years. Or will he retire on March 31, 2013, and allow X, Y and Z to succeed him? Either way, the military doesn't seem to benefit from this kind of thinking. In this unfolding drama, merit is likely to be the only casualty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584945", "title": "The heritage warriors", "text": "Ten years ago, when the Indian National Trust for Cultural Heritage (Intach) listed out heritage buildings in Chennai, there were about 600 of them. But the list is getting smaller with many buildings being torn down or falling apart due to neglect. The latest casualty is the Kalas Mahal, a wing of the historic Chepauk Palace, which caught fire recently.The city has a poor track record as far as conservation of historic buildings is concerned. But a handful of people have cut through red tape and mobilised public support to give structures they care about a new lease of life. While S P Thyagarajan, former vice-chancellor of the University of Madras, made the restoration of Senate House his priority for two years, Mohan Raman of Madras Literary Society (MLS) didn't shy away from lobbying with authorities to restore the historic building housing the library.One of the key figures behind the 6-crore Senate House restoration, Thyagarajan spent his first six months in office preparing an airtight technical document that successfully argued for a full-scale restoration. University officials had earlier attempted to restore the building, which was built in 1879 and is considered to be the finest example of the Indo-Saracenic style. \"The previous committee didn't make a strong case for restoration. So they were not able to raise funds,\" says Thyagarajan.He and his team got a technical study done by UK-based experts in 2004. They also detailed various stages of restoration and outlined a plan of action to raise money. But the clinching factor was the formation of a restoration committee consisting of government officials and conservation experts.\"I initiated the setting up of a public-private trust as I thought we would benefit from the expertise of those have been working on conservation projects,\" says Thyagarajan. The trust, with members from the public works department, Archaeological Survey of India, Intach and the department of education helped raise money from corporates and alumni, and also devised strategies to cut through bureaucratic red tape.Understanding the official machinery is important to get work done, says Mohan Raman, honorary general secretary of MLS, which is housed in a heritage building in Nungambakkam. The governmentowned building is eligible for grants from the Centre. \"But you have to ensure that the building is part of the state government's list of structures seeking funds from the centre. For that you have to work with the government,\" says Raman.Once Rs 40 lakh was allotted, PWD's heritage wing took care of the leaky roof with cracks and broken floor tiles. \"I wanted the work to be authentic as far as possible. The recent repair work solved some of the problems,\" he says.But there have been instances when the authorities took the lead, says historian V Sriram. \"The government converted the house in Triplicane, where poet Subramanya Bharathi lived, into a memorial in 1993. Now you have a permanent museum and programmes are organised at Bharathiar Illam,\" he says.The Senate House team, on the other hand, roped in staff, alumni and industrialists. It also kept the university senate and the government in the loop and put up details of funding on its website. \"We were able to finish the renovation in time for the university's 150th celebrations in 2006. It worked because we were sure of our mission and kept monetary details transparent,\" says Thyagarajan.He says the Senate House project worked because of public participation. \"We always expect the government to take care of our heritage. Corporates and the public should feel that places like the Chepauk Palace is a collective responsibility and take care of them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11588984", "title": "Woman rescued from brothel", "text": "PUNE: The Social Security Cell (SSC) of Pune Police crime branch have arrested a brothel owner for allegedly forcing a Nepali widow into prostitution at a brothel in Budhwar peth area.Acting on a tip-off received by police constables Ajit Dhumal and Sandeep Holkar, a team led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge, raided a building in the Budhwar peth area and rescued the woman. They later nabbed the brothel owner Mala Kailash Tamang (31), a native of Kathmandu, who was currently residing in Budhwar Peth.Inspector Barge said, \"The victim has told us that her husband, was killed before the present government came into power in Nepal. After that, she came to India and was staying in Delhi. She came in contact with a person from Nepal and started staying with him,\" Barge said.Barge added that the suspect brought the victim to Pune on the pretext of touring and allegedly sold her to the brothel owner, about two months ago.Besides the brothel owner, police have also booked the suspect who brought the victim here as well as the room owner, under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. The case is registered at Faraskhana police station.The police investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Vimal Bidwe, police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap, constables Dattatreya Nikam, Ashok Takalkar, Shashikant Shinde, Sohanlal Chutele, Ganesh Jagtap, Krishna Machre, Laxmi Mhaske and Sarita Chandane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kagwad (virpur)", "code": "11584828", "title": "Leuva Patels, Guinness Book shake hands", "text": "KAGWAD (VIRPUR): All roads on Saturday led to this nondescript hamlet of Saurashtra, which eventually etched its name in the Guinness Book of World Records . There, 24,435 Leuva Patel couples (48,870 people) set the record for the most number of handshakes in an event, at one of the biggest congregations of their politically influential and cash-rich community.A Guinness Book official, Lucia, who was present at the village, announced that this was the first event in the world where \"most number of people shook hands simultaneously\".The couples took part in a shilapujan vidhi (foundation stone laying ceremony) of the community deity Khodal Maa; a grand temple has been planned. \"Leuva Patels from 11 states and seven countries attended this historic event,'' said Naresh Patel, the president of the Khodaldhaam Trust. \"This day will be remembered in the history of community's development.\"Besides creating a world record, the trust also collected Rs 150 crore in donations from various community members in just three hours. The money will be used to set up educational institutes, sports academy, and to help orphaned children of the community. Khodal Agriculture University has also been envisaged.\"We plan to promote community farming in all villages in the state, which will ultimately benefit several small and marginal farmers,\" Patel said. The spectacular community gathering began with a rain of flowers on the crowd from a specially arranged chopper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585434", "title": "In the crosshairs", "text": "Twenty-four years on, the fatwa against Salman Rushdie continues to haunt. With the author staying away from Jaipur Lit Fest, India's image as an upholder of free speech has taken a batteringThe world's biggest democracy is a country of a million paradoxes . Salman Rushdie is not present at the Jaipur Literature Festival, yet he is the author most talked about. Though Sanjoy Roy, the festival producer, kept insisting that there were 258 other authors and scholars to discuss, it hardly mattered - the festival was abuzz with the Rushdie controversy and how he wasn't coming here due to protests and threats.It was in September 1988 that Rushdie's fourth novel, 'The Satanic Verses' , was published. More than two decades after its publication and aftermath - Ayatollah Khomeini of Iran issued a fatwa against Rushdie - this work is still considered blasphemous in India and remains banned.The latest controversy regarding Rushdie is the talking point here. Most feel the government has given in too easily to certain religious leaders with the impending UP assembly polls in mind. It's been a shameful experience for many Indians to explain to foreign delegates and authors why Rushdie's arrival would have had an impact on the polls.Kamin Mohammadi, the Iranian author of 'The Cypress Tree' , who spoke at the session 'The Arab Spring: A Winter's View' , said, \"The general view of India that most of the world has is that this is a tolerant, pluralistic country, where more than anywhere else, people with diverse opinions live in peace with each other. That makes the Salman Rushdie case more shocking. Why should literature pay the price for craziness in politics?\"If it weren't for such political 'craziness' , Rushdie would have found it easy to come to India, as he did in 2007, when he attended the same festival.Girish Karnad , veteran theatre personality , playwright and author, known not to mince words, says that the politics behind the Rushdie issue isn't worthy of debate. \"We all know it's a political reaction. What is more worrying is that by surrendering so easily, the government has set an example for other such groups to follow suit. As and when they want to pick up a grudge against somebody , they will let themselves loose,\" says Karnad. And that's been the biggest fallout of this whole sorry episode. By not invoking Article 19(1)( A) of the Constitution which guarantees freedom of speech and expression, the government has set a bad precedent. And the fact that this Article can be open to infringement is not a comforting thought. This has happened in the past too, when artistic freedom was curbed simply because it displeased certain groups who could upset delicate political equations.But the literati isn't easily cowed down. British Indian novelist Hari Kunzru protested by reading from 'The Satanic Verses' on Ja nu a r y 2 0 , prompting the festival organizers to issue a statement saying they did not approve of such activities . Speaking to Sunday Times earlier , Kunzru had said that the whole issue painted a negative image of India abroad. \"It's pathetic, especially now, when the world is looking at India with a sharper focus than ever before. The economy is growing and Indians are doing well globally. And here is a government that cannot support one of its bestknown authors.\" Though Kunzru's act went beyond what most at the festival would risk doing, almost every author and speaker here has expressed apprehension about how it will impact India negatively. Andrew Phillips , CEO and president , Penguin (India), went so far as to say that this episode wasn't going to be such a big deal in the world press. \"But that's not what should bother Indians - whether it affects their image or not. The bigger issue is of freedom of speech which everybody enjoys ,\" he said. Joseph Lelyveld, Pulitzer-winning journalist and author, whose book on Gandhi, 'Great Soul' , was banned by Gujarat last year, said that preventing Rushdie from entering India reflected poorly on the country as \"Rushdie has been travelling and speaking freely for almost 15 years now.\" Lelyveld's book had attracted controversy for apparent 'unsavoury' references to Gandhi's relationship with his German friend Herman Kallenbach. Despite this, it has been received well in India, claims the author. \"If you say India is touchy about certain things, then let me give you the example of some self-appointed Americans who refused to eat French fries after the French president had condemned the US invasion of Iraq . Politicians do small - minded things the world over,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585074", "title": "John Abraham rash driving case: Next hearing on Feb 18", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Saturday posted the appeal in the accident case involving actor John Abraham for final orders on February 18.Abraham had filed a revision application against the conviction in 2010. On October 14, 2010, the Bandra metropolitan magistrate court sentenced Abraham to 15-day imprisonment for rash and negligent driving .He was granted bail the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585447", "title": "Democracy behind walls", "text": "The Representation of People's Act bars people convicted of serious crimes like murder and rape from contesting elections. But this law does not apply when such criminals are behind the bars.On January 8, Pravin Kachrabhai, in jail for the past seven years for murder, was elected a council member of the Sabarmati Central Jail in Ahmedabad. With him eight other convicts made it to the jail council after winning an election, which brought democracy back to the jail after almost nine years.Effectively, it was like a small village going to the polls, complete with screening of candidates, deadlines for filing nominations and withdraw ing them, rules for campaigning and a day for casting votes. The only difference was earthen pots replaced ballot boxes. The authorities al lowed only the 1,800-odd convicts to vote.Jail superintendent RJ Pargi relaxed only when the entire poll process was completed. He had worked hard for a fortnight as the nodal of ficer assigning symbols, screening 'unlawful candidates' and most of all, keeping a close eye on the election propaganda and the promises made to the voters. \"We even allowed the winners to carry out a procession and meet the voters,\" said Pargi.\"The concept of prison council has existed since the British era where representatives of convicts would put up inmates' issues to the authorities and also supervise day-today functioning,\" said Pargi. \"Over time, elections became infrequent and representatives were chosen uncontested. When the state government declared panchayat elections in December 2011, we thought it to be a good time for 'kaidi panchayat' as well.\"\"The entire process revolves around convicts as they have to spend the maximum time inside the prison and they can be entrusted with the duties for at least a year,\" added jailor KV Vankar.Like the Election Commission , the candidates were screened on the basis of their track record, reputation among the fellow prisoners and most importantly history of any misconduct inside the prison. Many failed in the first round and the last count was a mere 21.On polling day, the final race was between 15 candidates. Out these, 14 were convicted for murder and one for rape. Since early morning, the queue started forming outside the 'polling booth' whereas the candidates were given a place a few feet away from the booth to keep an eye on the proceedings. All looked pensive when the photographers lined up for their snaps. When the results were declared, Kachrabhai got 582 votes, the highest. He was followed by Satyaveersinh Meghsinh, another murder convict, with 286 votes. The elected candidates will now get a special badge. They will look after departments such as kitchen, canteen, welfare, education, medical services and industries. Democracy works, even behind walls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584714", "title": "Janata Dal (U) to contest state polls", "text": "PANAJI: After Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress (TMC) party, its now the turn of Nitish Kumar's Janata Dal (United) to enter the political arena in Goa in a big way.After sweeping the Bihar elections, the JD(U) is all set to foray into Goan politics.The party opened its North Goa office at Miramar on Saturday and declared that it will contest the forthcoming polls.Announcing this, John Philip Pereira, JD(U) state president, said that they will be contesting at least 15 seats and have started short-listing candidates. \"The scrutiny is going on,\" he said.Sources in the party revealed that the JD(U) has finalised the Panaji and Margao seats but will reveal the entire list of candidates at a later date.Pereira said winnability was not a criteria for selecting candidates. \"We will select honest, non-corrupt, educated candidates who will be willing to work full time for the people,\" he said.\"Earlier, Goans had to choose between only 2-3 parties. But now we are providing the electorate more choice,\" Pereira emphasised.He disclosed that the party had reserved seats for minorities (Muslims), and also for women and called on interested persons to come forward.Though the JD(U) is part of the BJP led National Democratic Alliance, Pereira ruled out the possibility of a tie-up with the party in Goa. \"We are not going to have any alliance with any national or regional party,\" Pereira said adding \"We will fight the election with our strengths, not other people's weaknesses.\"Interestingly, Pereira is also the president of the Village Groups of Goa (VGG) and sources have indicated that the party will be depending on the VGG to attract votes.Domnic Savio Fernandes, vice-president of the party, said the JD(U), which has its presence in the state for the past three years, will work for secularism. The party will open its Margao office next week.Pereira expressed confidence that the party will win 3-5 seats. Though the JD(U) is not entering into any pre-poll tie-up, he said, \"the party may possibly extend outside support to any party which abides by our manifesto.\"He felt that the JD(U), which has 20 MPs in the Lok Sabha, would be able to take up issues concerning Goa in Parliament.Pereira said the JD(U) would strive for special status for the state to preserve Goa's land and not for a financial package.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585073", "title": "Bala Janaagraha Kids show the road ahead", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 100 children of the city woke up civic agencies from their slumber with simple solutions and sharp criticism of their lackadaisical attitude towards maintenance of civic amenities for the people. At Bala Janaagraha Civic Fest 2012, which focused on road conditions of Bangalore this time, kids discussed faults in planning of roads, drains, footpaths and other infrastructure.While AV Education Society, JP Nagar bagged the first prize, Sri Aurobindo Vidya Mandir in Kalyan Nagar and Sri Vidya Mandir in Malleswaram won second and third prizes. All nine presentations showcased on stage by the finalist schools were reminders that politicians and bureaucrats hadn't figured out simple solutions to major huddles faced by commuters.The topics ranged from 'BBMP should penalize those who keep construction material on footpaths' to 'Increase in dog bite menace is because of improper garbage disposal'. Children aged between 12-15 years contributed to the debate. \"When we went on the roads to see what is wrong and what should be right, we came to know about the real world. We understood the basics of planning infrastructure which was highlighted in our presentation,\" said Jyothi Kailas, Class 8 student of AV Education Society.\"All of us had specific tasks. We understood how to get work done - even if we fought, we learnt to forget about it with later,\" said Kausalya of the same school.Each team enacted their presentations with simple actions and even sang jingles at the beginning or end. \"Kolaveri Di is the latest buzz and given that the word means rage, we wanted to present the people's rage over bad roads, footpaths and drains and traffic snarls,\" said Jyothi.Their teachers helped them write the lyrics and guided them how to prepare multimedia presentations and do surveys. Most students said BBMP supported them and answered their queries but some said the civic authority took a lot of time to respond to answer simple things or send authorization letters.Vanamala Rangan, parent of Manmohan of AV Educations Society shared her feelings about this programme with TOI. \"Initially I used to keep asking myself whether all this would help my son anyway. But now I feel proud of my son having gained so much of practical knowledge, knowing what is right and what is wrong and having met the real world,\" she said.Some students who couldn't bag awards were sad but most were happy to have participated in this event. They made people laugh with their skits. The little ones sent out a message that instead of cursing each other, people must take the onus upon themselves to fix things.Quote hanger* The best part was that we missed a lot of classes. BBMP staff was good to us and for the first time we spoke to residents about what problems they face and what should be done to fix them.Shreyas R* We documented the meetings with the corporators so that we can encourage our juniors to be part of the Bala Janaagraha programme.Trisha A | Class 7, Sri Aurobindo Vidya Mandir* I'll savour this experience for many years. Winning or losing the competition was not our aim but if anybody takes any of our suggestions to improve the amenities, that would be our true success.Saima Amber | Class 8, Oasis International School* BWSSB officials were really good and they gave us a patient hearing. BBMP promised us they will take our suggestions. We hope they keep their word and we'll see a better city.Shrivatsa Jois HS | Class 7, Sri Aurobindo Vidya Mandir* I was scared when my daughter went into this but seeing the efforts of these little children inspired me. I thought I should do something to encourage them and therefore came up with this idea of donating for the awards. I'm happy this programme is creating awareness about the city, urban life and citizenship among the children.Gopal Krishna Sharma | techie and resident of Malleswarm, father of Gauri Sharma, student of Sri Vidya Mandir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584409", "title": "BCCI to make Nayudu Trophy more meaningful", "text": "NAGPUR: The question 'what next' comes to any young cricketer's mind once he crosses the age of 19. Most of the cricketers' dream of representing the country in the Under-19 category as their career gets immediate take off. However, the transition from Under-19 to Ranji Trophy is difficult and it's because of this reason the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bhad introduced the Col CK Nayudu U-22 Trophy).However, most of the associations in the country don't take this category seriously. The U-22 category now got a much-needed boost from the BCCI, which will organize an annual month-long camp for the top performers in the National Cricket Academy (NCA). Earlier, there was no such camp for the U-22 players. The 30 probables have already been announced for the first camp, which will be held between February 12 and March 11 in Bangalore.The idea is to nurture the available talent further so that they can form good bench strength for their respective state sides and eventually the national team.\"There are quite a few U-22 players in various Ranji sides. However, those who don't make it to their respective senior teams, don't have much to do after the U-22 tournament gets over. So we thought to make this category more meaningful. The performers will be suitably rewarded for their hard work,\" BCCI chief administrative officer Prof Ratnakar Shetty told TOI on Saturday.Shetty said those who perform extraordinarily during the season and in the camp can also be considered for India 'A' tours. \"It's up to the selectors but it will certainly be an option. The BCCI already gives reward to the players who perform outstandingly well in this category during our annual function. However, this camp will be a great help and motivation for them. There will be many 'A' tours for the budding youngsters and now it's up to them to take the advantage,\" he said.The BCCI will also organise a talent scout proggramme for the pacers. Bowlers with raw pace are rare breed in this country. There aren't many at the domestic circuit who could bowl with tear away pace.However, the BCCI will also look for such raw talent and work on them. \"This idea came from BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale. We need to have a good bench strength in the fast bowling department if we want to do well abroad. We will identify the raw talent in north east, tribal; hilly areas or wherever we can get across the country and groom them. You never know where you can find the hidden talent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11580022", "title": "SRK apologizes to Asha Bhosle", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan said sorry to the legendary singer, here's why.Shah Rukh Khan is constantly under the microscope. Its not just the fans or the press who keeps an eye on him but also the stars themselves. Considering the endearing personality that SRK is, and given his superstar aura its only natural that people demand his attention.However at a recent event, it was respect more than attention that India's legendary singer Asha Bhosle seeked from one of India's finest actors Shah Rukh Khan.It all happened at an award show.An onlooker revealed, \"Asha Bhosle was on stage to accept her award. On demand, she obliged the audience by singing one of her songs. She spotted Shah Rukh Khan getting up and walking out while she was still singing. She thus made it a point to ask Shah Rukh backstage if he didn't like her singing. She almost scolded him. Shah Rukh apologized immediately. He told her what had happened exactly and that he was extremely sorry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11585995", "title": "Indian-origin drug dealer jailed in UK", "text": "LONDON: An Indian origin man, who pleaded guilty to being a drug dealer, has been jailed at the Manchester Crown Court for two years as part of the city's biggest crackdown on street-level drug dealing, the police said.Prem Gabroo, 20, was one of 75 people arrested by the Greater Manchester police on December 6 as part of Operation Audacious which is said to be the city's biggest crackdown on drug dealing.The total number of people sentenced so far as part of this operation is now 18, who together have received more than 43 years in prison between them. Speaking after Gabroo's sentencing, Chief Superintendent Russ Jackson, who is leading Operation Audacious, said: \"Another drug dealer has been taken off our streets and is now behind bars, where they belong. This operation has shown that regardless of your age, if you choose to get involved in the sale and supply of illegal drugs, then you will pay the consequences.\"He added: \"We are sending a strong message to criminals in Manchester that any form of drug-related activity is simply not acceptable in any of our communities.\"On December 6, police carried out 100 warrants at the homes of those suspected of drug dealing across Manchester divisions, as well as at addresses in Salford, Stockport and Bolton.The operation had been planned over a period of months. For the first time, the actions of the police under the operation were watched by more than 130 members of the community, who were invited along so they could witness first-hand how police are putting a stop to drugs activity in their neighbourhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11585569", "title": "China launches 'magnetic' train", "text": "BEIJING: China has built a lighter version of magnetically levitated (maglev) train that it plans to use on mountain slopes and highly populated areas of Beijing and Shanghai . The train will run at less than one-fifth of the speed of the Japanese maglev trains.It is a bad news for maglev makers in Germany and Japan , who were eagerly awaiting contracts for lying of maglev routes around Beijing and Shanghai.The train was made operational on Friday. Chinese maglev maker, Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co Ltd, claimed its product is comparatively cheaper and more environment-friendly . The small three-carriage train can touch a maximum speed of 100km an hour and carry 600 passengers. It has a minimum turning radius of 50m and can easily run through heavilypopulated residential areas and hilly slopes, officials said.\"The Chinese version of maglev is a lot safer and quieter as compared to the conventional ones,'' said Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co Ltd general manager Xu Zongxiang . \"The company has minimized the risk of derailing or overturning.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11584972", "title": "\u2018Let\u2019s not make heroes out of banned authors\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when the community of authors at the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) extended its unconditional support to author Salman Rushdie , novelist Chetan Bhagat had a different viewpoint. Bhagat, on Saturday, criticised those whose books have been banned for hurting the sentiments of religious communities.He did not even spare those who are projecting Rushdie as a hero for upholding the right to free speech. \"Banned books have hurt people, they have hurt the Muslims,\" said Bhagat. \"Let's not make heroes out of them (referring to Rushdie),\" Bhagat said during the session 'In Search of a Story' at Mughal Tent in conversation with John Elliott .His remarks came a day after the JLF organizers read out a letter by Rushdie informing everyone about cancelling his visit due to assassination threats.Earlier, Rushdie's scheduled visit had seen a series of protests by Muslim groups in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.Sanjoy Roy, festival producer, expressed his ignorance over Bhagat's statement. He said, \"I will see the recording (of JLF) before I can comment on this issue.\"His statement was taken in a bad taste by the authors. Some responded while others refused to comment. Rahul Pandita, Delhi-based author and journalist rejected Bhagat's statement and said it was 'motivated to get publicity'.\"Literature cannot be subversive. Rushdie's contribution to literature doesn't need any recognition from anyone. It is idiotic and moronic to raise fingers on a writer like Rushdie,\" added Pandita, who has authored the critically acclaimed book Hello Bastar.The statement came a day after two authors read out passages from Rushdie's banned book The Satanic Verses that sparked controversy. The organizers have already cautioned writers not to breach any prevailing laws of the land, after two authors read out passages from the banned book The Satanic Verses on Friday.\"Any comments made by the delegates reflect their personal, individual views and are not endorsed by the festival, or attributable to its organizers,\" the organizers' statement read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584662", "title": "Trial in Kush Katariya case set to begin", "text": "NAGPUR: The Kush Katariya case will be heard by the district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte. The case was committed for sessions trial by the judicial magistrate first class on Saturday.The next hearing for the case is to be heard by the sessions court on February 10 next month. The accused Ayush Pugliya and his elder brothers Nitin and Navin were present in the court.The chargesheet of the sensational Kush Katariya case was sent by Nandanvan police earlier this month. Kush, an eight-year-old boy, was allegedly kidnapped and murdered by neighbour Ayush Pugliya on October 11 last year.His body was traced from an under construction building from Kalamna after two days with the help of Ayush who took the cops to the place where the murdered boy was dumped.While the state government has announced the name of special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, Katariyas have appointed advocate Rajendra Daga to assist the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584423", "title": "Cop accused of taking woman's gold, high court orders inquiry", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the CB-CID to probe a woman's complaint against an inspector of police that he took away her gold ornaments weighing 60 sovereigns under the guise of investigation and that her daughter was slapped with a false case.Justice D Hariparanthaman, holding that there was a prima facie case made out against Seetharaman, the then inspector of police at MGR Nagar, directed the CB-CID to complete the investigation within three months.The matter relates to the complaint of Jeera Behgam, who said that she had handed over the ornaments to her sister Shaheela for safe-custody. However in July 2010, in an incident of house-break and theft, Shaheela's jewellery was stolen whereas Jeera Behgam's ornaments were safe. Shaheela returned Jeera Behgam's jewellery.The ornaments were later given to a friend of Jeera Behgam's daughter Safura, to be kept in a bank locker. Accordingly, Abdul Aziz and Ameer Abbas kept the ornaments in a bank locker.Seetharaman, under the guise of holding investigation, met Aziz and Abbas and forced them to take the jewellery from the locker to be handed over to him in January 2011.But he neither returned the ornaments nor made any progress in the case. Instead, he slapped a theft case on Safura and remanded her in custody for about a week.Jeera Behgum lodged a complaint, which was inquired by an assistant commissioner of police. He later gave a clean chit to inspector Seetharaman.Faulting the inquiry, and pointing out that mobile phone details and bank manager's statements had not been considered by the assistant commissioner, the judge said it was a fit case for an investigation by a neutral agency such as the CB-CID. He then asked the agency to complete investigation in three months. The case against Safura, however, could progress unhindered, he added.Body washed ashoreCHENNAI: The body of a 65-year-old man, which washed ashore on the Marina Beach opposite the water and sewage board office on Friday, is yet to be identified. It was sent to the government hospital in Royapettah for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11584595", "title": "Man held for murder of missing Quepem woman", "text": "MARGAO: Colva police arrested Hanif Harihar on the charges of murder late Friday night in relation with the case of the decomposed body of 26-year-old Shirvoi-Quepem resident Sabina Hussainsab Halekatti that was found under a cashew tree at Betalbatim last Sunday.Tilamol-Quepem resident Harihar confessed to committing the crime and was given 14 days police remand after being produced before the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Margao on Saturday.After further investigations, it was found that Harihar was friendly with the victim. Police sources said that Harihar was preparing to marry a girl from his native state Karnataka and was afraid that after bringing his wife to Goa she would find out about Sabina. Harihar had no intentions of marrying Sabina but was afraid she would ruin his marriage plans.It may be recalled that a missing complaint had been filed at the Quepem police station on January 3, stating that the deceased was missing since December 31, 2011. The deceased last left her house at Shirvoi on December 31 stating that she was heading to visit a doctor.Colva police then found the decomposed body on January 15 but did not find any possessions of the deceased near the body.Police sources stated that the clothes of the deceased, a yellow Churidhar and a black burkha matched the description in the missing complaint. Colva police had met the family of the victim last Thursday and had then registered an offense of committing murder against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584143", "title": "Train delay reduces as fog subsides", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Due to better visibility on Saturday, the rail traffic fared marginally better than earlier in the week, as most trains to Chandigarh were only shortly delayed.New-Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express, and New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen were delayed by 15 minutes. Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express reached 15 minutes late.Dense fog descended onto the railway tracks later during the day and Lucknow-Chandigarh Express got delayed by three hours while Bandra-Kalka Express arrived four hours behind schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "dehra dun", "code": "11588870", "title": "EC ban exit polls from Jan 28 to Mar 3", "text": "DEHRA DUN: The Election Commission of India has banned exit polls during the entire period when elections to the five state assemblies would be held.In a statement here, chief electoral officer, Uttarakhand, Radha Raturi said that in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, the Election Commission of India has notified the period between 7am on January 28, 2012 and 5.30 pm on March 3, 2012 as the period during which conducting any exit poll or disseminating the result of any exit poll would be prohibited.While January 28 is the first day of polling in Manipur, March 3 is the last day of polling in Goa and Uttar Pradesh.Raturi said that under the provisions, displaying any election matter, including results of any opinion poll or any other poll survey, in any electronic media, would be prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585543", "title": "Khar, Santa Cruz voters to get poll calls on Feb 16", "text": "MUMBAI: If you live in Khar or Santa Cruz , don't be surprised if you get a phone call on February 16 to confirm whether you have cast your ballot for the BMC elections. Citizens of these neighbourhoods have taken it upon themselves to ensure that people leave their homes and exercise their right and duty to vote.To create more awareness, volunteers-under the aegis of the H-West ward Citizens' Welfare Association-will launch a movement called 'Wake Up Khar-Santa Cruz' on Republic Day. Perturbed by the low voter turnout in the ward, their aim is to increase the number of voters for the upcoming civic elections. At 10am on January 26, students, with NGOs and ALMs of the area, will hold a rally, which will start at Khar. They will visit residents of those buildings that have recorded a low voter turnout in the past.\"We will also carry placards listing what we would like done for the neighbourhood. These include good garbage clearance, better pavements, no encroachments, etc,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of H-West Ward Citizens' Association. ALMS and citizens' associations have already identified housing societies where the turnout has been low, and have compiled a list of 2,500 buildings.\"On election day, we will call up each and every household to find out if they have cast their vote,\" said Sandra Shroff, president of the Khar Residents' Association. \"We will hire cars and keep autos on standby for those who need transport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584251", "title": "No 'band, baaja' but 'kavishars' hit poll note", "text": "Hundreds of years ago in this land of warriors, Guru Gobind Singh started kavishri, a style of energetic singing where the vocalists - without the aid of instruments - motivated war fighters for the battles ahead.Today, the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) is employing kavishri to fight the strong anti-incumbency factor in the battle of ballot.Gathered by the side of a village pond in Barwala village of Patti constituency, a motley group of villagers wait for the election speech of Badal son-in-law, Adeish Pratap Singh Kairon. The area is an Akali stronghold and has seen Kairon being elected as MLA three times in the past 15 years, ever since he joined Akali Dal. As the villagers await their uber-busy minister, three men dressed in traditional attire and the typical Akali blue turban take over the stage.Without any instruments, they begin to sing in loud stretched voice, vocalizing paeans of the martial spirit of Punjabis, their love for the land, unforgettable sacrifices and prosperity in the rule of great rulers like Maharaja Ranjit Singh.Gurdeep Singh, one of the kavishars, as the singers are known, tells TOI, \"I have been put on duty by Harmandir Sahib (Golden Temple) to sing kavishri in all the villages where our leaders are going for election campaigning.\"Explaining the lyrics, he adds, \"We are singing kavishri of Bapu Bali Singh, one of the most famous kavishars of Majha. We are singing in praise of the land, its people and the prosperity. We are telling people through our poetry how Punjab has become as prosperous and happy as it was in the time of Maharaja Ranjit Singh and this has happened in the rule of Badal family.\"The response of rural voters is encouraging. Religion remains the pulse in this remote rural hinterland of Punjab, which has suffered ravages of Partition. \"Our Gurus and leaders have given sacrifices and I have brought my grandson to hear the kavishars,\" says 72-year-old Surjeet Singh from a neighbouring village.Elections are keeping the singers busy as people are turning out in great numbers to hear them.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583526", "title": "Cops bust notorious auto-lifter gang, 1 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of one person, the Delhi police have busted a gang of auto lifters who did not hesitate to kill. Known to charm their victims - mostly drivers of taxis and SUVs - and even offer them food and drinks, the gang then used sleeping pills to poison them before throwing the victim out of their vehicle. The crime branch of the Delhi Police led by additional DCP Sanjay Bhatia have arrested a 23-year-old resident of UP, for allegedly abducting and murdering a taxi driver from Delhi's Hazrat Nizamuddin area before stealing his Innova taxi in December last year. Cops said the gang was involved in at least three other murders and had used the same modus operandi.The arrested youth along with his associates allegedly hired the Innova taxi on rent and had dumped the driver's body in UP's Aligarh district on December 18 last year. The accused has been identified as Mohammad Sufiyan and he was nabbed from his residence at Sambhal in UP. Police are yet to recover the body of the victim driver Zulfikar but the local police has been informed. Sources said Sufiyan's aide and leader of the gang Pervez is wanted in three murder cases and around a dozen cases of robbery. He was arrested recently by the UP police in another case. The third accused Zakir who received the stolen car had just come out of Tihar Jail but has since then eluded the police.Ashok Chand, deputy commissioner of police (crime) said the arrest came following investigation into a kidnapping case registered at Hazrat Nizamuddin police station on December 23, last year. \"Sufiyan's involvement was established during the investigation and we apprehended him. During interrogation, he confessed to this crime and revealed that he along with his associate Parvez Alam had hired the taxi on rent from a travel agency, for going to Agra. They gave a fake identification documents to the owner of the travel agency,\" said Chand. Due to the fake ID, the owner of City Helpline Travels assumed Sufiyan was one Ajay Kumar from Sahibabad and asked his driver Zulfilkar to take the men to Agra.On the way, Chand said, they offered tea laced with heavy dose of sedatives to the driver. Sources said the driver Zulfikar was offered tea in which the accused put six tablets of Ativan , more than double the dose that an individual can consume and then hope to survive. Soon after Zulfikar fell unconscious and died. The men then dumped his body near Sasni in Aligarh and fled with his Innova.Sufiyan took away the driver's wrist watch and a bag containing a pair of clothes and blanket, including his driving license, which was later recovered from his possession. \"The gang disposed off the best SUVs at Meerut, the very hub of the illegal auto hub in western UP,'' said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585549", "title": "Sanjay Nirupam faces heat from at least six corporators", "text": "MUMBAI: The task of identifying party candidates for the upcoming civic elections rests on Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam , but he is facing stiff resistance from seven sitting corporators who have been asked to give up their claim on their elected wards.At least six party corporators-Kamlesh Yadav, Vinay Patil, Ajanta Yadav, Dikshita Shah, Jaya Tiwana, and Baldev Singh Mankani-have expressed their dissatisfaction. Mankani is not being offered a seat at all, while the remaining five are opposed to contesting from an unfamiliar territory. Nirupam said, \"A change in reservation of their wards has forced this move. The corporators have demanded tickets for their kin, a policy that I am opposed to.\"A Congress worker said that Nirupam's decision to support two of his aides-Vishwa Bandhurai for ward 26 and George Abraham for either ward 30 or 31-has angered several corporators and local workers. Abraham, who is a three-time corporator, had quit the party and campaigned for Nirupam, when he was a Sena candidate. Abraham said he would let the party decide his fate, adding that he would be happy to campaign from Kalina where he resides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583549", "title": "\u2018Narayanbapu Nagar needs better roads and connectivity\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: One of the major woes of the residents of Narayanbapu Nagar in the Nashik Road area include bad roads and lack of connectivity, as the frequency of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ( MSRTC) bus services is very low.\"The chakri (circular route) buses make their rounds seven to eight times during the day, which is not enough since the population of this area is growing rapidly. The number of buses should be increased,\" said Sanjay Lolge, a local resident. He said that the major problem is commuting from Nashik Road to Narayanbapu Nagar and vice versa.\"Autorickshaw is the only option for those who want to travel to Nashik Road area or come back home from the railway station,\" he added. Another resident, Dinesh Pawar said that the roads were not in a very good shape, but repair works were in progress.\"The roads were dug for installing the storm water drainage pipes and should have been repaired long back but the repair and construction works have just begun. Takli road, Saikheda road and the road leading to Upnagar are in bad condition,\" he said.Lolge pointed out that access to areas like Takli, Sailani Baba chowk, Upanagar, Nashik Road is easy, if one owns a private vehicle or opts for an autorickshaw, from Narayanbapu chowk and hence, traffic here has also multiplied considerably. \"The road is not in a good shape to cater to this kind of traffic,\" he said.The people of the area feel that roads need to be stronger. Residents have also noted that since the past 15 days, the floodlight at the traffic junction is not functioning, resulting in the chowk remaining dark.Hemchandra Tejale, a resident of this place said that the area is developed, but not clean.\"The garbage vans do come everyday but the employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) are never seen here. Roads are getting repaired but none have been completed. The road works have been prolonged for no reason and residents are waiting for good roads since months,\" he said. A senior citizen also complained of rampant hacking of trees in this area, lack of gardens and a vegetable market.A local Shiv Sena leader Shailesh Dhage said that street lights, roads, water supply, gutters have been dealt with in the 20-year rule of the sitting corporator, Dinkar Adhav (NCP), but there has been no proper planning.\"There are no playgrounds, jogging tracks, gyms, libraries and the vegetable market issue is still pending. Trees have been brutally razed and the whole ward has been dug up since three months. Paver blocks have been laid everywhere but the quality is very bad,\" he said. He said that the Narayanbapu square, where the statue of Indira Gandhi has been erected, has become an accident prone zone.Adhav, of the NCP, who has won the civic polls for four terms,said that his ward had 20 gardens, a huge library in Godavari Society and gyms.\"My ward has the maximum number of gardens,\" he said. He said that trees on the footpath were not touched and only those that came in between the development works have been cut. \"The tender for constructing the vegetable market had been floated but KN Kela School, beside which the market was to be made, brought a stay to it from the High Court,\" he said.On the multiple member wards and its impact on one's constituency, Adhav said that this system has made elections easy as the ward from where he contested previous elections has come to him. \"I don't carry out any project unless I have discussed it with residents. I have been doing this since the time I was sarpanch of Dasak that is now added to my ward,\" he said.Residents have also said that crimes such as chain snatching and bike thefts are cause of worry as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585486", "title": "GMC girl student commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A student of Gandhi Medical College (GMC) allegedly committed suicide in the city on Saturday. The body of the girl was found hanging in her hostel room on Saturday afternoon.The officials at the Koh-e-Fiza police station said the deceased, Pranaya Gupta, 22, hailed from Manawar. She was II year student of the GMC. The police said prime facie it appeared that she was disturbed after she reportedly fell out with his boy friend.The police said the body was found hanging in her hostel room No. 33. A student living in adjoining room found her hanging around 3.30 in the afternoon. She was rushed to the adjacent Hamidia Hospital, but she was declared bought dead. Subsequently, the police reached the spot and started investigation. The police said her family members have been informed of the incident.Meanwhile, her hostel room has been sealed and further course of investigation would start after post-mortem report.City SP Ashish Khare said: \"Though the extreme step was taken under strain, the exact reason would be known after the family of the deceased reached,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "in our daily working with computers, it's not uncommon to come across software that provide such obvious benefits that it becomes hard to live without them. of late, with cloud computing , this has also become the case with web services. below are some utilities that will make your life simpler", "code": "11579072", "title": "2 hot cloud apps", "text": "In our daily working with computers, it's not uncommon to come across software that provide such obvious benefits that it becomes hard to live without them. Of late, with cloud computing , this has also become the case with web services. Below are some utilities that will make your life simpler:Use Ifttt to build bridges between different servicesWe are well-versed with the concept of 'events' and 'responses' . When a phone rings, we pick it up; if the oven's timer goes off, we check on our baking. The Web service 'If This, Then That' (IFTTT) now brings this concept of events and responses to the internet.The resource lets you pick from a large number of event sources-e-mail services, social networks, online storage sites, photo sites, RSS feeds, etc-and supports myriad actions and responses that can be carried out automatically in case a certain condition is met.Take Facebook, for instance. It has a feature that lets people tag you in photos. This means your photo collection will not only contain the pictures you take, but also those in which you are tagged. Now consider the cloud storage service called Dropbox. Using IFTTT, you can set up an \"if-then \" condition that will automatically store the pictures in which you are tagged to your Dropbox account.So whether it's automatically updating your Twitter image when you update your Facebook image, or something more useful as getting an SMS notification of stock/currency rate updates, IFTTT can handle nearly everything.The resource offers numerous \"channels\" which can serve as sources of events (most popular web services are included) and also as recipients of actions to be performed. Web site: http:// ifttt.comUse attachments.me to search within your Gmail attachmentsGmail might have a brilliant search system, but unfortunately, it doesn't search within your attachments. The creators of Attachments.me understand this need, and have built a system to index the contents of your attachments.To use the service, create an Attachments.me account by signing up with your existing Google account. It will then begin indexing as many as the last 10,000 messages in your inbox. Once it is done crawling through your email, you will be able to search through them through their web site or even in Gmail itself if you install the add-on (available for Firefox and Chrome).If you're bothered about privacy, don't worry. Attachments .me downloads a copy of your attachments in order to index them, but it stores them in an encrypted form on a secure server - and your account information can only be accessed by you.Additionally, if you remove your account, Attachments.me deletes all your data from their servers. The only thing they maintain are statistics on the kinds of terms people search for so as to improve their systems. Website: http:// attachments.me", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584606", "title": "16 inmates escape from Madurai juvenile home", "text": "MADURAI: Sixteen inmates of the Government Observation Home for Juveniles here escaped on Saturday evening. However, police managed to nab nine within an hour from the city. A search is on for the others.The inmates, aged between 14 and 18, sprayed chilli powder on the lone watchman and assaulted him before fleeing through the main entrance. The home, located on Kamaraj Salai in the heart of the city, houses 18 inmates charged with offences including theft from across the southern districts.While two of them chose to stay back, the others slipped away from their rooms and went to the main entrance. One of them sprayed chilli powder, collected from the kitchen, on watchman Mahapulian. \"The incident occurred around 8.30pm. It was a practice in the home that the juveniles used to watch television after completing supper by 7.30pm. There was a night watchman on duty and the other staff had left for their quarters on the premises. One of juveniles, in the guise of going to the toilet, went into the kitchen and brought chilli powder. After spraying chilli powder on the guard, they covered him with a blanket and beat him. They pushed him into a room, locked it from outside and fled,'' a police officer said.Since other staff members were in their quarters behind the home, it took a while for them to hear Mahapulian's screams. By then, the inmates had fled.S Geetha, matron of the home, said there used to be two night watchmen but one called in sick on Saturday. Of the 16 who escaped, seven were frequent offenders and had come to the home more than two times. They were habitual offenders involved mainly in theft cases.Officials said a similar incident had occurred three years ago when 10 boys had escaped from the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584467", "title": "Govt stops takeover of 43-bigha city wetland", "text": "KOLKATA: The government on Saturday cracked down on the illegal encroachment of a sprawling 43-bigha bheri off EM Bypass, demolishing the boundary wall that had been constructed over the past month.The action comes in the wake of mounting pressure from green groups who had rallied behind the cause after news of the encroachment was first reported in The Times of India on December 30. The TOI followed it up with a sustained campaign, reporting the developments on a regular basis.In a smoothly coordinated operation involving the East Kolkata Wetlands Management Authority, Kolkata Municipal Corporation and Kolkata Police, nearly one kilometre of brick wall reinforced with concrete pillars was pulled down at the Collector Bheri. The water body is part of East Kolkata Wetlands, a Ramsar site that the government is committed to protect.Located next to Heritage School and a 10-minute drive behind Ruby General Hospital, land sharks had blatantly drained the wetland and were constructing the boundary wall despite FIRs and stopwork notices from the wetlands authority and KMC.A councillor and a local tough are now under the scanner. Following the demolition, chief technical officer of the wetlands authority Arijit Banerjee said the water body would be restored.\"We will remove the debris and restore this wetland. The land is vested with the government and we have asked the South 24-Parganas district magistrate to take possession of the land,\" he said.Saturday's action was preceded by four weeks of frustration with various government bodies displaying disinterest and passing the buck. It almost looked a lost cause after repeated appeals by activist groups to various authorities, including the chief minister's office, failed to elicit a response.Three stop-work notices - two by the wetlands authority and one by KMC- as well as an FIR each by both failed to stop the construction work. The powerful land mafia, backed by a section of politicians and policemen, simply tore down the notices and increased the pace of work by engaging more labourers even as cops from Tiljala police station looked the other way.But with no let up from TOI and the activists, and the wetlands authority officials displaying resilience, environment minister Sudharshan Ghosh Dastidar, his department secretary RPS Kahlon as well as chief secretary Samar Ghosh, KMC commissioner Arnab Roy and Kolkata Police commissioner RK Pachnanda threw their weight behind a demolition drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11584599", "title": "Committee formed for runway expansion at Trichy airport", "text": "TRICHY: The much delayed expansion of the Trichy airport runway is finally taking off in the right direction with a committee being formed to thrash out all the contentious issues.A joint technical advisory committee involving the departments of agriculture, public works department and revenue had been formed last month for the acquisition of 510 acres of land needed for the runway expansion to a length of 10,500 ft from the existing 8,136. But before the committee could transact any business the Thane tempest wreaked havoc in the Nagapattinam region and Trichy DRO P Manickam had to camp there for a couple of weeks.On Saturday, the first ever meeting of the committee was held at the airport itself sans the district collector who was preoccupied in a Karur meeting. Prominent among those who attended the meeting were local MP S P Kumar, airport director S Dharmaraj, DRO P Manickam and assistant commissioner (intelligence) C P Kandasamy.However, the urgency of Saturday's meeting traces back to Monday's grievance day ruckus when farmers vehemently opposed the acquisition of about 116 acres of wetland. They complained that if the land was acquired for runway expansion, it would naturally lead to flooding during monsoon, damaging their crops in the vicinity. Speaking to TOI, the collector agreed that the wetland was both an identity and livelihood of the people. Hence, the administration was moving cautiously, despite invoking the inevitability clause. The immediately available poromboke land of 40 acres lies in bits and pieces both on the eastern and western side of the airport and acquiring them on a war footing would in no way solve the problem even in the short-term. Moreover, the defense establishment has in its possession 164 acres of land and it wants either alternative land or a price at the prevailing market rate, said MP Kumar who chaired the meeting.The Trichy airport has been seemingly neglected despite registering the highest growth rate of 2.13% consistently during 2007-8 to 2010-11. The previous expansion program of the airport a couple of years ago, extended the runway from 6,000-odd feet to 8,136 feet, which is still shorter for wide-bodied aircrafts to land. In Saturday's meeting it was decided to extend the runway in three phases and an inspection report is expected to be tabled within a week. Since a fresh application for the acquisition of the 164 acre defense land has been forwarded to Delhi only recently by the district collector, the choice is now narrowed down to concentrating on the 188 acre dry land and the 116 acre wetland to facilitate the expansion. An application for the acquisition of the defense land was earlier given to Vayalar Ravi and now to Ajit Joshi.In addition to this, the district administration has also expressed its willingness to pay the market price for the land to be acquired, said Kumar MP. He further said that things would move faster after the next parliamentary elections, provided chief minister Jayalalithaa had the necessary say in the next Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587639", "title": "Who's Taslima to call Rushdie a coward?", "text": "Anupam Kher has locked horns with Taslima Nasrin over the latter's comment regarding the author's decision to skip the Jaipur Literary Fest.After Rushdie said that \"paid assassins\" were being sent by the Mumbai underworld to eliminate him, Taslima tweeted: \"Rushdie apologized to Mullahs &amp; became bornagain Muslim after fatwa was issued against him. Canceling India trip is his latest cowardly act.\"Anupam responded to this tweet and what followed was a debate over whether Taslima should be making such a comment or not. Says Anupam, who will be attending the fest where his book, (The Best Thing About You is You) will be launched by Shashi Tharoor , \"I don't want to give her any importance and, hence, have only posted two tweets and didn't react to whatever else she has been saying. But I felt her comment is ironical since it comes from a person who hasn't returned to her country and has taken shelter in India. How can she then question Rushdie's decision? When she asked me whether writers who are forced to take shelter in another country should shut their mouth and not have any freedom of expression, I posted a tweet saying that she need not shut up but is being judgmental by calling Salman a coward.\"Though Taslima went on to ask whether Anupam hadn't even passed a judgment on anyone's decision, the actor chooses not to answer her back online. \"Taslima has a habit of making a statement about everything. It's her decision and I've no problems with that. Rushdie is no cousin of mine. But I don't endorse the hypocrisy of someone saying stuff when she doesn't have the guts to return to the land where there is a threat to her life.\"Though Taslima went on to discuss how closed Anupam is by passing such sweeping statements without knowing why she has to stay away from her country, Anupam didn't engage in online debate on this. On being told about her openended comment that \"Chamchas have cow-dung in their heads\" could be directed at him, Anupam says, \"I chose to ignore. It can be interpreted in many ways. I've no problems being called Rushdie's chamcha or anybody's chamcha because of speaking my mind.\"So, does the actor feel that Rushdie's decision to skip the lit fest will have a negative impact on India's image in the global world? \"Every country has skeletons in their cupboard. India is the largest democracy and despite everything, we're existing together.\" Workwise, Anupam is playing a publisher in Sudipto Chattopadhyay's \"Shobhana's 7 Nights\". About rumours that his character might be partly modelled on publisher David Davidar, he says, \"There's no such reference.\"He has also had talks with Suman Mukhopadhyay to play Polonius in the latter's Hindi adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet titled \"The Prince of Metiabruz\". \"We haven't signed on anything as yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583459", "title": "UP elections: Symbols allotted to several regional parties", "text": "KANPUR: With more and more regional parties jumping into the election fray, the voters this time would see several symbols on the electronic voting machines (EVMs).Apart from parties like Congress, BJP, SP and BSP, several regional parties have fielded candidates for the 16th Vidhan Sabha elections. The Election Commission had allotted symbols to the various regional political parties. Those parties still to receive the symbols would get it soon.The voters would see several symbols. They will have to press the button corresponding to that symbol of the candidate to whom they want to vote.Regional parties like Rashtriya Lokmanch, Apna Dal, Adarsh Samaj Party, Indian Justice Party, Medha Party, Peace Party and others have also received the party symbols.Deputy district election officer SK Singh took stock of the EVMs. He said that the voters will get a wide range of symbols.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584449", "title": "Two Cong ministers' kids to get NCP tickets?", "text": "PANAJI: While the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Goa has managed to squeeze one more than the usual six seats from its bigger alliance partner, the Congress, it is the constituencies it is asking for that has political circles abuzz that the sons of two prominent Congress ministers are trying to enter the assembly via the \"side door\".Chavan said that in addition to the existing seats of Vasco and Tivim, the Congress has agreed to give it Mapusa, Saligao and Porvorim.But the NCP is also demanding Sanguem, Siolim, Mandrem and Cortalim. She declined to comment on the likely candidates for the constituencies though it is a given that Jose Philip D'Souza and Nilkanth Halarnkar will retain their Vaso and Tivim tickets respectively. Chavan told TOI, \"We will finalize the constituencies first and then finalize the candidates.\"Of the four constituencies NCP is now demanding, the most interesting is Sanguem; for it is this constituency that will allow the fourth Alemao to contest the Goa assembly elections. Chavan declined to speculate on the likely NCP candidate from Sanguem but the buzz is deafening that Yuri Alemao, son of urban development minister Joaquim, will be the NCP man there.Churchill and Joaquim will contest from their respective constituencies of Navelim and Cuncolim. Churchill's daughter Valanka is almost certain to get the Congress ticket for Benaulim. Aware that taking four Congress tickets will ruffle a lot of feathers within the party and also set a precedent for others, the Alemaos have reportedly managed to negotiate for Yuri's ticket with the NCP, courtesy Joaquim Alemao's strong football ties with AIFF president and senior NCP leader Praful Patel. All this has prompted political wags to comment that Yuri Alemao will enter the next alliance government, if it happens, \"through the side door\".Speculations are also rife that another senior Congress minister's son may also get the NCP ticket. Mayem may also go the NCP way, sources said, adding that home minister Ravi Naik's son Roy could be the candidate there. In other constituencies, the NCP will have to rack its brains due to the usual dilemma of choosing from multiple ticket aspirants. In Mapusa, the NCP state president Surendra Sirsat is facing competition from ex-Congress candidate Armindo Braganza. In Saligao, NCP vice-president Suresh Parulekar is facing stiff contest from Trajano D'Mello. In Porvorim, the two NCP contenders are Prabhu Moni and Fermeena Khaunte.Against this backdrop, there were reports that the state president Surendra Sirsat was having a running battle with Chavan. \"I have no controversy with Sirsat and have not demanded his removal as reported in some media,\" she said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584314", "title": "It may be a no \u2018Sun\u2019day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Icy winds led to a sharp drop in night temperatures and kept the chill alive in the atmosphere in city on Saturday. In Agra minimum temperature dropped to freezing level at 0.4 degree Celsius. According to state meteorological department, there would be no significant change in the weather conditions on Sunday.The weatherman, however, said some relief in the form of rise in night temperatures by a couple of degrees is expected by Monday-Tuesday. The state capital on Saturday recorded 20.0 degrees Celsius, which was three degrees below normal, and minimum temperature was 5.4 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. Though morning was foggy, the afternoon was sunny.But, dry icy winds coming from the snow-fed hill regions kept the climate chilly even during the day. felt cold despite bright sunshine. On Sunday, the state Met office predicted that the sky would remain clear and minimum temperature around five degrees Celsius. The lowest minimum temperature in the city this winter was recorded on December 26, 2011 - 2.9 degrees Celsius.On December 23, the minimum temperature was 4.9 degrees Celsius, while on December 17 it was 4.6 degrees Celsius and on January 11, mercury fell to 4.3 degrees Celsius. According to reports reaching state Met headquarters, in Agra the minimum temperature dropped to 0.4 degrees Celsius, which was eight degrees below normal and lowest in the entire state.State Met director JP Gupta said that a fresh western disturbance (WD) is expected to affect western Himalayan region from January 22 onwards. Its impact would be felt in UP by Monday-Tuesday. Maximum temperatures may also rise in many parts by 2-3 degrees Celsius. However, till then, foggy conditions will prevail in some parts of the state and ground frost would occur in west UP during next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583297", "title": "Two awarded jail term for attacking others", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge Ashwini Kumar Dubey, on Saturday, convicted two brothers identified as Danish and Sonu for causing injuries to three persons and sentenced them for four-and-a-half year of rigorous imprisonment. They were also ordered to pay a fine of Rs 5,000.Danish and Sonu, residents of Jajmau, thrashed one Ejaz on October 9, 2010. The duo suspected that Ejaz had stolen their mobile phone and Rs 5,000. Ejaz's sisters Nazia and Babbo also suffered injuries when they tried to save him.Sonu was absent at the time of delivery of judgment. The ADJ wrote a letter to the DIG and issued a non-bailable warrant against Sonu.In another judgment, special chief judicial magistrate Anil Kumar Singh convicted Ram Chandra Yadav, a resident of Bilhaur for submitting fake surety papers and punished him with four years of rigorous imprisonment. A fine of Rs 5,000 was also imposed on him.The reader of metropolitan magistrate IXth court had lodged a report against Yadav and alleged that he had taken bail of an accused on July 9, 2010. Yadav had filed a khatauni (agriculture papers) and voter ID card as surety papers. Both were found fake when court sent these documents for cross-checking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583325", "title": "BJYM to launch campaign to woo young voters", "text": "KANPUR: Aiming to woo young voters, the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) would conducting door-to-door campaigning from February 20 to 22 under its 'Jago yuva jago' campaign. BJYM members would campaign for the BJP candidates.BJYM activists would meet people in different localities in small teams. They would apprise the people about the scams during the Congress regime in Centre and BSP government in the state.A BJP leader stated that a 13-member BJYM team has been formed. It would move around the city, asking people to step out of their homes on the polling date for casting vote. He said that normally people do not come out of their homes to vote and spend the day as a holiday. Hence, the voting percentage remains low. Thus, to have maximum voting on February 23, the voters would be requested to come out and vote.The voters would be told about the importance of casting the vote.Elections 2012 NewsUP elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "almora (uttarakhand)", "code": "11583551", "title": "Sonia accuses BJP of graft, blames it for lack of development", "text": "ALMORA (UTTARAKHAND): Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Saturday counter-attacked BJP on its probity plank saying rampant corruption forced the ruling party to dump its chief ministers.In a clear reference to BJP's decision to replace Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank with B S Khanduri as the CM, Sonia said \"rampant corruption is seen across the state. BJP leaders do talk a lot about curbing corruption, but you know what is happening in states run by it. They had to change chief ministers because of corruption. When the corruption case was exposed, they changed their chief minister in Uttarakhand too\".The sharp remark is aimed at undercutting BJP's bid to take the high moral ground on graft backed by the \"clean image\" of Khanduri who is seen to have been brought in to control the damage due to `corruption' under his predecessor Nishank. It is also a bid to focus sharply on local corruption in an assembly poll when BJP is trying to drag the Centre's scams into the frame.After returning as the CM, Khanduri swiftly brought in the Lokayukta Bill to consolidate the advantage BJP thinks it has accrued because of change of guard and its backing of Team Anna's anti-graft movement.With indications that Khanduri's re-appointment may have helped BJP neutralize Congress's strategy to make corruption an issue in the hill state, the challenger has focused on lack of probity and governance in Uttarakhand. Sonia accused the state government of mismanaging the Rs 40, 000-crore grant for the lack of development in the state, which was carved out of Uttar Pradesh more than a decade ago.\"(The) entire development structure is dismantled due to rampant corruption and scams encouraged by the BJP government,\" Sonia told a well-attended an election rally at Almora that goes to polls on January 30 .She blamed the state government for \"callously misusing\" funds allocated under different centrally-sponsored schemes, including 100-day job guarantee to jobless under MNREGA and Rashtriya Grameen Swasthya Yojna.The UPA chairperson contested the BJP government's claim of electrifying a sizable number of villages under another centrally-sponsored Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojna. \"The reality is just different. The funds meant for it were misappropriated or siphoned for other purposes instead of making full utilization of the funds allocated for electrifying a huge number of villages,\" the Congress chief said. She said other centrally-sponsored schemes meant for poor women, children and elderly were never implemented \"in a genuine spirits and sincerity, as the government had other objectives to fulfill\".She said instead of implementing these schemes for the benefit of the genuine people, the BJP government used the money to fulfill its \"own vested interests\". She said the money was give to \"their own party men\".She tried to strike an emotional chord with the people of Almora and called the town her family's second home. \"My family has had a long association with the beautiful town. Pandit (Jawaharlal) Nehru spent many days in Almora jail during the freedom struggle,\" she said.Earlier, Sonia flew into the picturesque town, also known as Uttarakhand's a cultural capital, an hour behind schedule. The town falls is in the Kumaon region that has 29 assembly seats out of the state's 70.Assembly elections 2012 newsUttarakhand assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11583000", "title": "Convocation of VBS University held", "text": "VARANASI: The 15th convocation of Veer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, Jaunpur, was held on Saturday in which students of graduation and post graduation along with research scholars were awarded with gold medals and degrees for their performance in the final year exams.Renowed environmentalist and Magsaysay awardee Chandi Prasad Bhatt showed his presence as the chief guest on the occasion. Bhatt, who had played a prominent role in Chipko Movement to save forests, said many problems related to environment had emerged as a result of overlooking natural resources while engaging ourselves in development and construction works. The entire human existence could face the threat if the natural resources were exploited at the present rate. He briefed students on the entire Himalayan range. \"There are as many as 9,575 glaciers but due to prevailing problem of global warming these glaciers are melting. Studies suggest that from 1962 to 2004, nearly 16% portion of 60 glaciers of the Ganga have decreased. Situation is similar for rivers like Bhaigrathi and Alaknanda too. Bhatt also encouraged the students for the judicious use of natural resources,\" he said.Addressing the convocation, governor of Uttar Pradesh and chancellor of the university B L Joshi said researches in the university should be quality based so to reflect the name of the university world wide. \"It is the responsibility of the educationist and research scholars to stand by the need of the society and country so that the researches centralised on local and regional issues could be presented along with the changes happening in the world. At the same time, university should practice some positive changes too,\" said Joshi.According to vice chancellor of the university Prof Sundar Lal, after the inception of the university in 1987, as many as 377 colleges of eastern Uttar Pradesh were now affiliated to the university till date with the enrollment of nearly four lakh students in arts, science, commerce, law, agriculture, engineering, management, education and many other departments at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585326", "title": "Absent Ma\u2019am", "text": "In Chamraiya, a remote village in UP's Sitapur district, Mohini Devi does not send her two daughters to the government school nearby. The girls go to a private school. Illiterate herself, Mohini is keenly aware of the importance of education. \"They hardly teach anything in the (government) school. My neighbour's daughter who studies there cannot tell the table of four whereas my daughter knows all tables till 10,\" she says.How will students learn if there's no one to teach them? Government figures routinely show 95% teacher attendance. But educationist Gita Kington, who studied teacher absenteeism in 180 schools of UP and Bihar, found that 25% teachers are not present in school on a given day. That translates into a whopping 87,500 missing teachers.Kington attributes the problem to a \"systemic flaw which is poor accountability.\" Para teachers - locally appointed instructors called shiksha mitras - are more regular than permanent teachers despite high pay disparity, she says. \"A para teacher gets Rs 3,500 a month while a government teacher's pay packet is around Rs 23,000. Accountability is a crucial factor. Para teachers are usually local and there's more social pressure on them. Though there are provisions like holding back salary and even suspension to check government teachers, for villagers it is difficult to go to a tehsil office and lodge a complaint,\" she explains.Defending themselves, the teachers say the state's policy of postings is weird. \"As per the policy, a teacher has to be posted in a remote block of some remote district. That may not be difficult for men but for women it is,\" says Vijay Lakshmi, a retired government teacher. This reportedly leads to malpractices such as proxy teachers - local \"representatives\" being hired to mark attendance and sometimes take classes as well. To discourage this, the basic education department introduced photo attendance registers for teachers in 2009.UP faces a serious shortfall of 1.10 lakh teachers, according to official estimates. The current requirement is 4.6 lakh. And the ones that are on the rolls often get roped in for jobs like population surveys, drought relief and polls.It's Friday, 12.30pm. At Lucknow's Tope Darwaza government primary school, four of the five regular teachers are away on election duty. The fifth is undergoing teachers' training. But there are lots of children around. Some are playing in a small courtyard, while others wait eagerly for the mid-day meal to be served.An hour later, the bell rings. The students - all 86 of them, from Class I to V - sit down to study. Minutes later, a woman in her early 30s arrives and starts giving assignments. Shabana Begum is a shiksha mitra. The only hope for the students of Tope Darwaza school this election season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583384", "title": "Constable among duo arrested for cheating", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two candidates at the constable recruitment drive - one of them is already an APSP constable - were on Saturday arrested for allegedly indulging in malpractice while participating in the five kilometre run organised by the police as part of the selection process.Ramgopalpet police said that A Raju and Kiran Kumar Yadav have been arrested for engaging dubious means in the test.Kiran Kumar is an APSP constable who is attached to Raj Bhavan. He was aspiring for a constable's post under the civil category.\"Both participated in the five kilometre run, which has to be completed in 25 minutes. But Kiran Kumar and Raju failed in accomplishing the task.\"Organisers of the run directed the successful candidates to enter Sanjeevaiah park and Raju and Kiran Kumar secretly joined those candidates.\"But both were exposed during verification and arrested,\" Ramgopalpet inspector V Raja Rao told TOI.The five kilometre run was between Rotary Club and Sanjeevaiah Park.The accused have been arrested under section 420 (cheating) of Indian Penal Code and were sent to judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11585528", "title": "Himachal: Snow brings cheer for winter-sport enthusiasts", "text": "SHIMLA: Heavy snowfall in Shimla and its nearby areas this month has brought cheer for winter-sport lovers as five-six foot snow on the slopes of Narkanda has raised hopes for prolonged sessions of skiing held by the mountaineering institute and HP winter games association.Apart from skiers from different states, a number of differently-abled persons shall learn the sport from February 5.General secretary of HP Winter Games Association, Jagmahon Sharma, said, \"As compared to the previous years, we have seen good snow this January and since the slopes face north, these can retain much snow for longer periods. We are hopeful of carrying on the sessions till mid of March or longer.\"Sharma said that the institute has received a good response from the Special Olympics, besides other institutes including those from Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.Chairperson of the Special Olympics Bharat, HP Chapter, Mallika Nadda, said, \"Training-cum-selection winter camp for the differently-abled kids was scheduled from January 11-17 but was postponed to February.\"Nearly 300 children (boys and girls) from different states will learn floor hockey, snow shoeing, snowboarding and alpine skiing, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11587127", "title": "No monorail to proposed knowledge park in South West Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: As envisaged earlier, there will be no monorail link to the proposed knowledge-based industrial park in South West Delhi if the city government accepts the report of an expert group which gave thumbs down to the project on the grounds of financial viability.The Rail India Transit and Economic Services (RITES), a consultancy firm in the fields of transport and infrastructure, in its feasibility study said that linking the proposed industrial park in Baprola with Dwarka Morh metro station was not financially viable.Delhi government's premier infrastructure development agency DSIIDC had proposed to construct the 4.5-km long monorail link to ensure a seamless transport connectivity to the knowledge park to be built by the agency at a cost of Rs 1,200 crore.The RITES, which was tasked to carry out the feasibility study by DSIIDC, has instead suggested construction of an elevated bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor between Dwarka Morh and Baprola.\"The RITES has suggested construction of a BRT corridor instead of a monorail link,\" said a senior Delhi government official.The government has already started groundwork for setting up the industrial park which will be developed over an area of 77 acres.It is expected to provide direct employment to nearly one lakh people and indirect employment to another two lakh.The park's design has been approved by the government, and the MCD is currently considering the building plans.In developing the IT park, the government is following the model of Nokia SEZ in Chennai where setting up of the Nokia plant led to various vendors such as Salcomp, Aspocomp, Foxconn and Wintek establishing their manufacturing units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11585759", "title": "Music programme at Glass House", "text": "HUBLI: Dr Gangubai Hanagal Music Foundation, Hubli will conduct a music and dance programme on January 24 at Indira Glass House in Hubli on the occasion of Pt. Bhimsen Joshi's first death anniversary, said Foundation founder Manoj Hanagal.More than 60 students of Hanagal School of Indian Music and Shantaram Music College in Deshpande Nagar in Hubli will render group song at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583451", "title": "Manhole deaths: Hadapsar cops yet to identify employer", "text": "PUNE: Three days after two labourers died due to suffocation in an 18-foot-deep drain at Kirtane baugh in Sadesatranali, the Hadapsar police are still groping in the dark to identity their employer.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadpasar police station on Saturday said, \"The construction work of three buildings around the place where the incident took place is in progress. We have inquired with the builders, but they have denied engaging the deceased in the work for desilting the drains\".According to Mandhare, \"The builder's employees were also questioned, but they have denied knowing the deceased, nor could they give any information about their employer\".Mandhare said investigations have revealed that the builders have not yet connected the drainage line with the PMC drainage system. Secondly, the PMC has denied deputing its employees or assigning its contractor to clean the drains in the area.The family members of the deceased have no information of the person who had assigned them the job of cleaning the drains, he added.The labourers, Vijay Jha (25) from Bihar and Vijay Verma (36) from Madhya Pradesh, were living at Malwadi in Hadapsar area. They left for work around 7.30AM. Jha was the first to enter the drain using a rope. As he took more than the usual time to show up, Verma went in. However, Verma, too, did not come out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584527", "title": "Teachers take up maths challenge", "text": "NAGPUR: With the Prime Minister declaring 2012 as the National Mathematical Year, the seminar by maths teachers in the city was viewed with more importance by participants. It was a full house at the Nagpur District Mathematics Teachers Association's (NDMTA) day-long seminar on Saturday with members coming from even outside the city.Hundreds of teachers attended the annual seminar to discuss the challenges in the field of mathematics education, with the experts sharing their opinion.Addressing the gathering, divisional chairman of state education board Chandramani Borkar stressed on the need to increase awareness among students about the utility of the subject. \"Students need to be aware of how they will benefit in life by learning the subject. Students, at school level, don't know what use Algebra or Geometry will be to them when they grow up. Once the students realize the importance of these subjects, they are bound to take interest and learn mathematics better,\" Borkar said.The PM dedicated 2012 to the memory of mathematical genius S Ramanujan who acquired national fame for his amazing talent with numbers.But after Ramanujan there has been no one who could achieve the same degree of fame in such a short period.Mathematics is one of the most feared subjects by students in SSC board exam with many failing too. Borkar said that almost 2,000 students got zero marks in the Maths paper during SSC exam.\"We even rechecked those papers to see if the students had at least done something right and might have skipped the evaluator's eye. But the valuation was spot-on; the students had indeed scored a zero! It is the job of teachers to ensure that students get over the fear for the subject and take a liking towards it,\" said Borkar.R Shukla, a senior member of the NDMTA, said, \"Some teachers believe that if they get a job in a top school, like Somalwar, then they would be able to perform better. This is a wrong approach. Teachers should in fact just focus on how to teach the students better, make them understand the subject well and generate interest about it. With this approach, good results are bound to follow.\"The state president of the association Pradeep Gautam, said, \"It is surprising to see that 10 figures can cause so much fear and anxiety among students. We, as teachers feel that it is an easy job as we have understood the concept but we need to think from student's point of view as well. For them it is a new domain and they feel lost, hence it is our job to guide the students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11590882", "title": "IAF airlifts 2,100 people stranded in snow-bound JK", "text": "JAMMU: Coming to the rescue of those stranded in snow-bound parts of Jammu and Kashmir, the IAF has ferried over 2100 people, including 1600 civilians, between the state's twin capital cities.\"It is one of the biggest peace-time day-night rescue and relief operations in recent years,\" Defence spokesperson, Jammu, S N Acharya said today.He said 1613 civilians were ferried between the twin capital cities in 6 sorties of IL-76 and 5 sorties of AN-32 planes of IAF. Similarly, 575 army personnel were transported in 2 sorties of IL-76 and one sortie of AN-32.The state government had requisitioned IAF choppers to ferry passengers stranded for past ten days at Jammu and Srinagar due to closure of Jammu-Srinagar National Highway.The IAF's CONDORS helicopter unit at Jammu had launched a major air operation on January 9 for rescue and relief in snow-hit areas of the state.The state government is charging a nominal Rs 500 per passenger for travel between Srinagar and Jammu.Meanwhile, over 3,100 vehicles, stranded for past over one week due heavy snowfall and landslides, left Srinagar for Jammu as authorities allowed one-way traffic movement on the 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar National Highway, police said.The vehicles, mostly trucks and tankers, were stranded at various places on the highway including Banihal, Ramban, Patnitop, Udhampur and Nagrota areas of Jammu district.The highway, the only surface link to Kashmir, was closed on January 13 due to landslides but reopened for one way-traffic on January 14 for a brief period. It was again closed due to heavy snowfall, avalanches and landslides on January 15 and reopened for one-way traffic briefly on January 18. This January, it has remained closed for almost 11 days.Traffic on Batote-Doda-Kishtwar was allowed today after remaining disrupted for 13 days in view of snowfall at various places besides most of the inter-district roads in Reasi, Doda, Kishtwar and Ramban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11592557", "title": "Fire rips through 100 shanties in Kolkata, no casualties", "text": "KOLKATA: Over a thousand people were rendered homeless after at least 100 shanties were gutted in a major fire at Kaliakapur in the eastern part Kolkata on Sunday evening but there were no reports of casualties, officials said.Sixteen fire tenders were rushed to the spot on EM Bypass to put off the blaze, who finally brought it under control in about two hours, they said.Fire brigade personnel had a tough time as the flames were spreading fast fanned by strong winds, fire brigade officials said.Some people were reported missing, but locals along with police traced them from neighbouring areas, West Bengal urban development minister Firhad Hakim said.Disaster management minister, Javed Khan said there was no report of any casualty or major injury.As per rule, inquiries would be conducted by both the Fire Services Department and police, Khan said.Hakim said that only a few received minor injuries. Power was disconnected in the entire slum area and adjacent places as the residents came out of their shelters in panic.As a result, vehicular movement on E M Bypass came to a standstill for hours causing a huge traffic snarl, police said.Both the ministers said the affected people were provided with temporary shelters, food and clothing.They also assured the affected families proper rehabilitation in consultation with the local councillor.\"On the advice of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, we have decided to bring the affected people under a rehabilitation package and those appearing in Madhyamik and Higher Secondary examination will be provided with books and other reading materials,\" Hakim added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "11583365", "title": "Grilled for theft, driver ends life", "text": "ONGOLE: Hurt by the police grilling him in connection with a theft case, a car driver allegedly committed suicide at Tripuranthakam village of Prakasam district on Saturday. According to information, car driver Marasu Sivakumar, 23, consumed pesticide to end his life a few hours after returning from the local police station.He was detained by the police on Friday and was grilled for three hours for information about a stolen vehicle. Extremely upset with the police indicting him, Siva decided to end his life, locals said.Enraged over the suicide, local villagers staged a dharna in front of the police station demanding action against the local SI.Siva's family alleged that he committed suicide due to the unnecessary harassment of the police in the theft case. The situation turned volatile as the locals continued the agitation till the evening.However, local SI A Sivanagaraju, who is in the eye of storm, told 'TOI' that the police recovered a two-wheeler stolen by Siva and his friends and the matter came to light after he was questioned. Though Siva was a car driver, he is said to have been engaged in stealing two-wheelers from far off places and selling them to locals.The SI also said that they recovered a vehicle lifted by Siva in Giddalur.\"He might have taken the extreme decision to end his life after his mother scolded him for his involvement in thefts,\" the SI clarified.He said that they had sent Siva home along with his family members on Friday after obtaining their signatures for the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585267", "title": "Fill in the blanks", "text": "\"We have got to pick up the pace...because the world has gotten competitive. The Chinese, the Indians, they are coming at us and they're coming at us hard...Their kids watch a lot less TV than our kids do, play a lot fewer video games, they are in the classroom a lot longer.''While Barack Obama's oft-quoted speech was met with thundering applause by the people of Wisconsin, three recent reports on the quality of education in India can set some of his fears at rest when it comes to competing with India. He might want to focus his energies on China instead.The results of the Programme For International Student Assessment (Pisa), which tests 15-year-olds from 74 countries/provinces, shows that while Shanghai ranks No. 1 in reading, science literacy and math, Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh are at the bottom, better only than Kyrgyzstan. In science, Kyrgyzstan beats Himachal.While it's debatable whether Shanghai alone represents China, there's little doubt that China beats India on the education front. \"It is surely rather silly to be obsessed about India's overtaking China in the rate of growth of GNP, while not comparing India with China in other respects, like education, basic health, or life expectancy... The mean years of schooling in India were estimated to be 4.4 years, compared with 7.5 years in China. China's adult literacy rate is 94%, compared with India's 74%,'' writes economist Amartya Sen in The New York Review of Books.And yet we pride ourselves on our education system every time an Indian student wins America's Spelling Bee, or an IITian excels in the US. Former NCERT chairperson Krishna Kumar calls this the Lotus Syndrome - we admire the lotus but ignore the mud around it.While the UN's latest Human Development Report shows that China's expenditure on education as percentage of GDP is actually lower than India's, Vinod Raina, an architect of India's Right to Education (RTE) Act, says that China achieved universal education long ago, and has met most of its infrastructural needs. \"But India has a shortage of 1.5 million teachers and several gaps in its education infrastructure,'' he says.And yet, an OECD research paper shows a decline in public spending on education as percentage of GDP (See box). \"While the cabinet clearance works out to Rs 48,000 crore annually for the RTE, the Centre has given only Rs 21,000 crore for 2011-12, a crucial year for RTE implementation. While we can expect another Rs 7 crore from states, this is much lower than the sanctioned amount,\" says Raina.The RTE itself was in danger of being shelved a few years ago. It was only when a mid-census correction reduced child population by six million, drastically reducing the budget for RTE, that the government resurrected the law.But higher expenditure alone may not improve learning. \"A large amount allocated for education is left unspent,'' says R Govinda , vicechancellor of the National University of Education, Planning and Assessment, adding that the one thing government should spend on is teacher education. Of 7.5 lakh candidates who appeared for CBSE's all-India teacher recruitment test, only 93,000 passed.Maharashtra's former education secretary Sumit Mullick, who introduced baseline tests in state schools five years ago, believes in holding teachers responsible for the way children perform. He feels assessment results should be computerized so that they are accessible across the country.While Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan is credited with increasing enrolment, S Parasuraman, director of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, blames it for lowering educational standards and allowing ill-trained teachers to run poorly equipped schools.\"If teachers don't teach, how will students learn? Nobody, from parents to the private sector, is interested in teaching. People only want to push children from one class to the next and ensure they score well,'' says Govinda.Raina also points out that many children have learning problems as the language they speak at home is different from the one in the textbooks. \"Even in the Hindi belt, there are 37 variations of the language which are different from what's in the textbook,'' says Raina. He says there should be a bridging programme, where the native language and the one followed in schools are allowed to co-exist in the classroom for a period of time.Meanwhile, NGO Pratham's Annual Status of Education Report (Aser) shows that nearly 47% Class V students cannot read Class II texts, while over 63% of Class III students cannot subtract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584946", "title": "Bhutan Queen Mother hails lit fest, writers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lesser star of the evening -the DSC prize ceremony-began nearly on time even as the strains of mike check drew people to the musical evening venue right next door and Lucknow Boy Vinod Mehta to his own session. After emcee Kabir Bedi drew out an unwilling applause from a restless audience, anticipation filled the air.Most present were already familiar with the nominated authors' works, and waited patiently while the nominees who were present read out passages from their books. While giving away the prize to Shehan Karunatilaka, the Queen of Bhutan, Jetsun Pema Wangchuk said, \"The fest has grown in stature and developed in such a short time. I congratulate Shehan for Chinaman and all the other writers who are very talented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11585582", "title": "Bandh, protests by INLD in Dabwali", "text": "SIRSA: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda visited Sirsa district on Friday and was greeted by the bandh called by the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Dabwali.INLD's secretary general Ajay Singh Chautala and workers had called for the bandh to protest the recent incidents of loot, murders and extortion calls made to traders in the district.While the CM talked about achievements, the INLD workers staged a protest where Chautala listed the recent incidents of jailbreak, murders for ransom, and attack on shopkeepers. He also detailed the unsolved cases related to attacks on traders in Sirsa, Hisar and Fatehabad.Though there were some pockets where shopkeepers opened their shops, most city markets remained closed. INLD submitted a memorandum to the sub-divisional magistrate.\"The police and the government have failed to maintain law and order situation in Dabwali, and even in Haryana. Businessmen are looted everyday, and the accused go scot-free,\" Ajay Singh Chautala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583509", "title": "Cops grope in the dark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police probing the west Delhi double murder have found that the victim, Gurpreet Kaur alias Simmy, 29, bore several injuries inflicted on her after her death.\"The accused was seeking vengeance, prolonging her sufferings till the very end,\" said a police officer.\"The police have also found evidence suggesting that the killer had holed-up for sometime after the murder to destroy evidence in order to pass it off as a robbery attempt. \"We have questioned the victim's husband, the kid, Jasmine Kaur, 8, and 50 others. We are now speaking with Simmy's parents about her friends before her marriage to Gurpreet Singh,\" the officer said. Having ruled out robbery as a motive, the police are groping in the dark.They suspect enmity and revenge may have led to the murder. The fact that the mobile phone was damaged shows that the accused wanted to hide his identity, police sources said.Meanwhile, the murder of two senior citizens at Mayur Vihar and Greater Kailash too are yet to see a significant breakthrough. \"Solving them will boost the confidence of women,'' said an officer, adding, \"In all the three murders, it was a case of a friendly entry.\"The sources said the murder of 81-year-old Sarojini Barthal at Mayur Vihar has thrown up interesting leads from over 150 people questioned so far, but little has emerged as clinching evidence. The fact that the police had to rule out the suspects even after extensive questioning - some of whom were picked up in raids - has only added to the uncertainty. The crime branch too has not made headway in the case. DCP (east) Prabhakar, however, said it was too early to shut all doors. \"We are recreating the crime scene. We still have promising leads and are on the job,'' he said.In the third incident, a 66-year-old woman, Jogesh, residing in the Greater Kailash area of southeast Delhi, was found murdered on November 11 last year. She was residing in the R block of Greater Kailash I along with her husband Ajit Singh, a retired government employee, her nephew Yuvraj and niece.\"Her relatives returned home around 7:10pm and found the main door open,'' said an investigating officer.Sleuths investigating the case are still not clear about the motive. We have found that there was a friendly entry. None of the important items, including jewellery and electronic goods like laptops were missing though there are clear signs of ransacking. Important papers were found strewn in the room. We cannot rule out either personal enmity or a property dispute in this case,'' said the officer.In a major revelation in the west Delhi double murder case, the investigators have found that the deceased Gurpreet Kaur alias Simmy (29) bore several post mortem injuries and not ante mortem ones leading the cops to believe that the injuries were inflicted by the killer several minutes after Simmy was lost her life. This is a clear cut indication that the accused was seeking vengeance and was trying to ascertain that she suffered till the last minute,'' said an officer.Meanwhile, cops have also found evidences that suggest that the killer had stayed up a long time after committing the murder to clean up the murder spot and pass it off as a robbery attempt. We have questioned the deceased's husband along with 50 acquaintances of the deceased and the child Jasmine Kaur (8), but we are yet to make a final breakthrough. We are now taking to Simmy's parents to ascertain about the people she had acquainted before her marriage to her husband, Gurpreet Singh.Police are still clueless about the motive of the murder after ruling out robbery as the primary motive. Cops strongly suspect personal enmity and revenge to be behind the murder. The fact that the mobile phone was deliberately damaged show that the accused wanted to hide identity.Talking to Times City, additional CP (west) V Renganathan said that Simmy was found dead on the floor near one of the almirahs. Jasmine was lying dead on the bedroom. The youngest daughter though was unharmed and she was found playing on the bed. Simmy had deep cuts and wounds on her throat, wrist and stomach. She was evidently attacked with a sharp object several times, but none resembled a stab wound. Jasmine too had her throat slit and had deep wounds on her wrist. We found that Rs 35,000 was stolen from the house along with precious jewellery. The artificial jewellery of the deceased was found dumped on the bed. Three almirahs were found ransacked inside the house,'' said Renganathan.Meanwhile, the murders of two senior citizens at Mayur Vihar and Greater Kailash too are yet to see any significant breakthrough. Significantly, this comes at a time when cops are claiming that providing security to women weas on top of their priority. Though we could have probably stopped these murders, solving them will add confidence among women for us,'' said an officer adding that in all three cases, it was a case of a friendly entry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mapusa/panaji/margao", "code": "11584576", "title": "Illegal alcohol seized in raids across state", "text": "MAPUSA/PANAJI/MARGAO: Officials of the Mapusa excise department seized illegal liquor worth 10,500 at Mapusa on Saturday. According to the Mapusa excise department officials, they received a tip-off that illegal liquor was being hidden amidst dry grass in an open space opposite Carvalho petrol pump in Mapusa. The officials reached the site and discovered the liquor boxes packed in plastic bags.According to the Mapusa excise department officials, the liquor was allegedly meant to be transported to Karnataka by a bus that was supposed to leave at 8pm. The officials also raided some of the buses. The seized liquor includes three boxes of Royal Stag, two boxes of Imperial Blue, three boxes of DSP, seven bottles of McDowell's and two bottles of McDowell's signature whisky.The raid was led by Mapusa excise inspector Mahesh Korgaonkar along with sub-inspector Mohandas Govekar.Meanwhile, excise officials seized liquor worth over 60,000 from across the state over the past two days. Sanguem excise officials found 20l of whisky worth 2,000 abandoned on a train on January 20.The following day, a raid on a residence netted a haul of three-and-a-half cartons of beer and two cartons of whisky. The liquor, worth 5000, was beyond possession limits and was hence seized. A raid in Bardez led to 437l of liquor worth 45,000 being seized. Bicholim excise seized four cans of cashew feni worth 9,600. A total of 167l, including 3l of whisky was seized by the Bicholim excise officials on January 20.One raid in Tiswadi netted 11l of liquor worth 750.At Mugali, Sao Jose de Areal, the Maina-Curtorim police led by PI Nelson Albuquerque at 10.15am on Saturday, raided two pickup trucks and 26 cartons of whisky were seized by the Margao excise department for not having valid permits.After counting all the cartons and the bottles, a process which culminated at 2pm, the police found 282 cartons containing 12 bottles each of 650ml Kingfisher beer, 100 cartons containing 100 pouches of Real whisky and an additional 26 cartons containing 12 bottles of 750ml Real whisky.During the panchanama, the workers present in the two pickup trucks produced various permits issued by the wholesalers. Police sources said that challans were issued at around 1.15pm on Saturday and they decided to wait for the excise department who reached the site at around 3pm.However, the workers failed to produce permits for the 26 cartons each containing 12 bottles of 750ml Real whisky and the same were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583415", "title": "Icy winds add to chill despite sunny weather", "text": "KANPUR: The city is witnessing chilly weather due to cold winds. The icy winds lashing the region had brought the minimum and maximum temperatures down on Saturday.The minimum temperature was 4.6 degrees while the maximum temperature stood at 18.2 degree Celsius. The humidity was 94 per cent in the morning, which dropped to 53 per cent in afternoon. The sunny sky gave respite to the residents.According to the meteorologists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the icy winds coming from the snow-fed areas of Jammu and Kashmir are responsible for the chill. The weatherman predicted no significant change in the day and night temperatures in the next 2 days, which means the chill may continue with the possibility of mist and fog.The moisture laden easterly winds have been replaced by the dry chilly winds coming from the hilly regions of Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. The cold winds led to a drop in the day temperatures despite bright sunshine. The night temperature come down 3 to 5 degrees in comparison to the mercury level recorded last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583870", "title": "With 26k cases due, CIC losing relevance", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an addition of nearly 2,500 complaints every month, the Central Information Commission (CIC), which has an astounding 26,049 pending cases is well on its way to becoming redundant. The reason: the CIC disposed off 22,414 cases last year, which means that there is a pendency of 14 months for every appeal and complaint making the information received by the applicant outdated and often useless.Commission chief Satyananda Mishra expressed concern saying, \"If the pendency continues increasing, the waiting period will also increase. We are very concerned and will have to think of radical ways to tackle the problem. One of the issues that we will discuss is `summary disposal' of cases through just speaking orders to save time.\"The CIC has six information commissioners, including its chief, though it has a sanctioned strength of 10. One of the first tasks undertaken by Mishra on taking over was to write to the government asking for more commissioners keeping in view the large number of cases coming to the CIC. However, there has been little progress in ramping up the strength so far.RTI activists are concerned and have been vocal in their disapproval of the long waiting time. One prominent RTI activist, who did not wish to be named, said, \"The hearing for a case where I had sought information took place three months ago and in fact only the formal order had to be issued since I was given the impression that the decision had been taken. However, I have still not heard from the office of the information commissioner.Prof Rajeev Kumar, formerly with IIT-Kharagpur, said that he had sought information on IIT-Madras in 2010 and only managed to get hearing in September, 2011. \"I received the order after three months in December, 2011 and even then the institute gave me only part of the information. It was of no use. Despite the long delay the no penalty was charged. CIC has become infructuous,\" Kumar said.Sources said that some cases as old as 2006 were still pending before the Commission with no action being taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588793", "title": "It\u2019s a girl for Selvaraghavan", "text": "Director Selvaraghavan became a proud father on January 20.His wife, Gitanjali, was blessed with a girl early in the evening. While Selva said he was \"grateful\" seeing his little bundle of joy, Dhanush wrote on his micro-blogging page, \"Selva became appa and I, Chittappa!\"Interestingly, actress Lara Dutta and ace tennis player Mahesh Bhupathi also became parents on the same day, after Lara delivered a girl child in the morning! Looks like this is the year of baby girls, with Beti B leading the brigade!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584509", "title": "Bheri vested with govt: Wetland body", "text": "KOLKATA: After nearly a month of suspense and confusion over who owned Collector Bheri, EKWMA chief technical officer Arijit Banerjee cleared the air on Saturday, stating that the land was vested with the state government.\"In the land department record books, this is a bil or waterbody belonging to the government. The mouja in which it is located is fortified under the EKW Act, 2009.The latter unambiguously states that land use change cannot happen within EKW. Hence, any waterbody in EKW precincts remains a waterbody.The same holds true for agricultural land,\" Banerjee said. Though the wetland would not have been under Banerjee's purview had it not been located in EKW, it would still have enjoyed protection under West Bengal Inland Fisheries Amendment Act, 1994.According to this Act, any land that is in excess of 5 acre an can be used for fish farming or has the potential for use as fish farm in future cannot be converted for any other use without approval from competent authority. It is a cognizable offence to act otherwise.In the case of Collector bheri, too, the fisheries department could have stepped in as it was being used for pisciculture before the encroachment was attempted. Incidentally, this is not the first instance of encroachment at the site. An earlier attempt a couple of years ago was foiled by activists. However, land sharks had managed to 13 bigha of the water body with earth.At this instance, EKWMA pasted a stop work notice at the site on December 12 when green activists drew the authority's attention to a renewed encroachment attempt.\"We learnt that the water was drained off sometime in November and construction of a boundary wall began on December 10. After an inspection, we slapped a notice,\" recalled Banerjee.The notice disappeared but work continued unabated. Following complaints, EKWMA pasted another stop work notice on December 19. But when it had no effect, it lodged an FIR with the Tiljala police station. Meanwhile, in early January, KMC issued a stop-work notice and filed an FIR as well.But none of these had an effect on the encroachers. Instead of constructing the wall openly during the day, the work hours were shifted to night.\"When it became apparent that the land grab effort would not stop, the matter was taken up at the highest level in the government. Since the wall construction was illegal, a decision was taken to demolish it,\" said Banerjee.Apparently, Tiljala police are still trying to locate the culprits though locals claimed the work was being carried out under local tough Megha Haldar who continues to move about in the open.\"Ultimately, it is the locals - the residents of EKW - who have to realize the importance of wetlands and stop the encroachment. Not only does it clean the waste water generated in Kolkata, it is vital for the livelihood of those living in EKW and critical for the region's ecology. If the wetlands go, not just Kolkata, a big chunk of coastal Bengal will cease to exist,\" the official warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584545", "title": "State opposes special status for AMRI bosses", "text": "KOLKATA: The Alipore court has asked city police to check whether the arrested AMRI directors and two executives have any criminal antecedence.Following the plea from the counsel of AMRI directors and officials that all eight should be considered as division I prisoner, the chief judicial magistrate C H Karim ordered police to submit the report by February 2.According to the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, a prisoner, whether convicted or under trial, who by his social status, education and habits of life found to have been accustomed to a superior mode of living, is classified as a division I prisoner and is entitled to facilities like bed, chairs, toiletries, utensils of good quality for cooking and newspapers subject to such restrictions as may prescribed.Seikh Selim Rahman, the defense counsel of AMRI directors and officials, claimed that his clients were entitled to have the facilities of a division I prisoner, but Alipore jail authority was not providing it.\"So we have to approach the court,\" said Rehman. The state counsel opposed the division I prisoner status and claimed that the AMRI directors might have criminal antecedence and thus they should not be allowed to enjoy such facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11584453", "title": "Maoist attack: Anti-mine van no guarantee for safety", "text": "RANCHI: Anti-landmine vehicle is no guarantee for safety in Maoist-infested Jharkhand was proved again on Saturday when suspected Maoists triggered a landmine blast killing 13 policemen in Jharkhand's Garhwa district. The armoured vehicle flew about 25 feet in the air and was damaged beyond recognition.Whenever security personnel are killed while traveling in anti-landmine vehicles, cops are blamed for not following safety rules, including not wearing helmets and fastening safety belts. But experts said these precautions don't necessarily safeguard lives.\"No anti-landmine vehicle is safe. The vehicle which was blown up in Garhwa was good enough to tolerate a blast from a 20-kg explosive. Today's blast was powerful enough to damage the vehicle as Maoists must have used not less that 30-40 kg explosive,\" said an IPS officer, who has investigated several blast cases.Jharkhand police spokesperson R K Mallik, too, said, \"The Maoists must have used more explosive material. This will become clear only after the probe.\"\"At this point, it will be premature to jump to any conclusion but even if everyone in the vehicle had worn a helmet and fastened seat belts, they would have died,\" said the officer.The joints in the armoured vehicle can be damaged by bullets. \"In case the vehicle is overloaded, there is a high risk of it getting damaged when it hits the ground.This time there were 15 policemen, one more than the permissible limit of 14,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585414", "title": "Forest department for chargesheet against DFO M S Malik", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than two years after IFS Sanjiv Chaturvedi exposed the plantation scam in Jhajjar district in 2009, the state forest department has proposed a chargesheet against his predecessor divisional forest officer (DFO), M S Malik in connection with the alleged irregularities in the implementation of plantation programme.State forest minister Captain Ajay Singh Yadav on Saturday confirmed the development but added that chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda would take a final decision on the chargesheet. Yadav also said that Malik has been shifted to the post of DFO, eco-tourism in Gurgaon from an important posting of DFO (territorial), Gurgaon. When contacted, Malik said, \"I welcome the inquiry and I will give my reply to the competent authority. Due to departmental rules, I cannot give a statement in the media.\"A central committee, which had probed various irregularities in the forest department alleged by Chaturvedi, the whistleblower in various irregularities in the forest department, had recommended that disciplinary proceedings be immediately initiated against the then DFO, Jhajjar, M S Malik \"during whose tenure these bunglings took place.\" The committee had also recommended a vigilance inquiry to look into the abrupt transfer of Chaturvedi, when investigation was at a crucial stage.According to the inquiry report of the central team, Chaturvedi had produced strong documentary evidences regarding the plantation scam in the centrally sponsored as well as Japan Bank for International Cooperation funded project. Chaturvedi had alleged that fake payments of crores of rupees were made in the name of non-existent plantations on private as well as panchayat lands, in blatant violation of the guidelines. On the basis of Chaturvedi's report, a detailed checking of the plantations for the year 2008-'09 in the entire division was carried out by a team of four IFS and three HFS officers from April 2009 to June 2009. \"The reports confirmed the findings of the officer,\" said the committee. On the basis of these reports, almost the entire field staff of the division was chargesheeted for major penalties, while two forest range officers and several foresters and forest guards were suspended.The committee noted that certain aspects of the entire episode were very surprising and raised serious doubts over the intentions of the state government.The committee observed, when the officer raised the issue that an inquiry into the whole episode be carried out by the state vigilance bureau, in view of the largescale scam which could not have been possible without the involvement of senior officers, including the DFO and higher officers, as they were responsible for the drawing and disbursing of money and also since the same staff was involved in the plantations for years 2006-'07 and 2007-'08, a similar checking of the plantations of those years should also be carried out, he was transferred out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585338", "title": "Schoolteacher suspended for abusing girls in drunken stupor", "text": "MUMBAI: A schoolteacher from Wada taluka near Bhiwandi has been suspended after he was found drunk and abusive while accompanying two girl students to a science exhibition in Bhayander.The Stds VI and VII students of Gaurapur Zilla Parishad School in Wada were visiting Abhinav College in Bhayander to participate in the 34th district science exhibition on Tuesday.Their teacher, Bharat Mokashi, offered to drive them in his car. As they reached Ambadi Naka in Bhiwandi, Mokashi reportedly started drinking alcohol. Soon, he was so drunk that he started shouting at the girls; he even got into fights with other motorists, the girls told the police.The students managed to reach the venue only around 3pm. Even as the students became busy with their work, Mokashi reportedly stayed away from the exhibition centre as state officials as well as teachers from other institutes in Thane district were present there.The return journey turned out to be even worse with Mokashi using filthy language with them throughout the way. On being told about the incident, the girls' parents approached the zilla parishad education officer who suspended Mokashi. Wada Panchayat Samiti's Digambar Tajne said an inquiry had been ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11583358", "title": "Candidates banking on door-to-door campaign", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the beginning of nomination procedure for the 12 assembly segments in the district, the contestants too have launched extensive canvassing to keep their presence felt. The election fever in 12 assembly segments of the Allahabad region including Allahabad City North, City South, City West, Karchana, Pratappur, Handia, Koraon, Bara, Soraon, Meja, Phaphamau and Phulpur will be held on February 15.The fight has begun among candidates to reach out to maximum voters and personally seek their support in the election. Currently, 'chuapal' (public meeting) has become the latest fad among the candidates of all political parties as it establishes direct communication with the voters.With hardly three weeks left before the voting day, candidates and supporters of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress, Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party and Apna Dal have streamlined their canvassing to woo the voters. They are, in fact, adopting all strategies to attract voters especially youths and fairer sex to do better in the elections.The supporters and party workers of all parties are also relying on slogans. For instance, BSP workers are chanting - \"Vikas ki Ganga phir bahana hai, behenji ko phir mukhyamantri banana hai.\" Similarly BJP workers are singing - \"Sushasan lana hai, BJP ko jitana hai\".SP workers' slogan is - \"Hamara saath do, hum hisab lenge\", while Congress workers are singing the tune of development. In fact, these slogans are being aired when their leaders of political parties are going among masses. Most of the candidates are preferring door-to-door campaign in their assembly segments. Besides, slogans and photos of candidates are being used on kites to reach out to the masses.As far as canvassing is concerned, the candidates and their supporters are having the maps of their concerned mohallahs and areas and are well acquainted with the delimitation factor. Candidates have been narrating their priorities to the voters, urging them to caste their franchise in their favour. \"Interaction with voters is a must and once you interact with voters, you can know their problems and grievances properly,\" said Mujataba Siddiqui, who is contesting from Pratappur assembly segment. He added, \"I have been making attempt to personally meet each and every person (voter) to establish direction communication.\"He was of the view that direct communication is most effective way to know and impress the other person. The election in 12 assembly constituencies is expected to witness a tough fight between major political parties. BJP, BSP and Congress have fielded old and known faces among the voters in three city assembly segments - City North, City South and City West.Candidates and their families are also frequenting religious places to pray for their victory. Contestants in rural belt have hired local artistes to intensify their canvassing.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584277", "title": "Warmth, care elude city's homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: City's homeless are having a tough time battling the cold. One by one, they are falling in the face of this relentless onslaught of nature. Between Since January last year, at least 35 of them died on the streets of Delhi, uncared for and unattended. Two of them died at night shelters on Saturday.One Om Prakash (55) died in a temporary shelter at Nehru Place in the morning. He was suffering from asthma and had started using the facility for the last two to three days only.At the Tilak Nagar night shelter, 45-year-old Sunil Kumar died in the afternoon. He, too, was suffering from asthma and was sick for many days. The NGO running the shelter took him to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital, but they sent him back to the shelter on Saturday. His condition was not good. But when the NGO insisted on taking him back to the hospital, Sunil purportedly refused to go.In both cases cold was not a direct cause of death, but it may have contributed to aggravating the illness.Earlier, two persons were found dead in the open on January 7. While one body was found in Chawri Bazaar area, the other was found near the Adarsh Nagar Metro station in north Delhi. According to state-appointed Mother NGO on homeless, in case of the deaths reported on January 7 both the bodies were unidentified.At the Adarsh Nagar Metro station, passersby told the MNGO rescue team that the man had been lying dead for three days. But physical examination of the body did not support the claim, and it appeared that he had not been dead for too long.\"But yes the man had been lying there unattended and it seems no one stopped to help him when he probably needed to be taken to a hospital. Our investigations indicated that the man died in the wee hours of that very day. He seemed to be sick for quite sometime. He must have been suffering from some chronic respiratory disease because there was clubbing of nails which is a sign of a longstanding respiratory disease. His death could have occurred due to cold,\" Dr Amod Kumar of St Stephen's Hospital said. A lot of food was found lying near the deceased's body.At Chawri Bazar, the team found a 50-year-old man lying dead. \"Prima facie he did not appear to be ailing and it did not seem to be death due to cold. However, the body could not be examined as the police were in a hurry to remove the body from the spot,\" Kumar added.\"People also need to be sensitive to those living on the streets. In the last one year, MNGO has recorded 35 deaths. There were homeless who died in hospitals. Causes of deaths varied from excessive drinking, to diseases and cold,\" Dr Kumar said.According to MNGO, a robust rescue system linked to hospitals is critical to save ailing homeless on the streets. Night shelters are not the final solution, destitute homes and recovery homes are the need of the hour to address the problem as a whole. There are 136 night shelters in the city. Of these 64 are permanent. Together, they have a capacity of 12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583560", "title": "City researchers help protect wolf habitat", "text": "PUNE: Efforts of researchers, including those from city, has resulted in protection of a 30 sq.km. habitat of the Indian wolf, a Schedule 1 species. A four-month expedition in the Banas region of Greater Ranthambhore in Rajasthan by the research team has confirmed the presence of the Indian wolf there. This landscape was facing immediate threats due to sand mining and levelling for construction and cultivation. Following the finding, the district authorities have declared the area as 'protected community land' (PCL).The 10-member team under Rajasthan-based NGO Tiger Watch included researchers from city-based Fergusson College, University of Mumbai and the Durrel Institute of Conservation and Ecology, University of Kent. Tiger Watch, led by conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal, aims at conservation and protection of wildlife at Ranthambhore Tiger Reserve.Schedule 1 of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act of 1972 and part II of Schedule II of this Act provide absolute protection to the species listed under them - offences under these attract the highest penalties.\"Studies have reported that a realistic number of wolves for the entire Indian peninsula would be around 2,000-3,000. However, these numbers are just past estimates and require a detailed review, as there have been changes in demography and structure of human pressure variables. Hence the survey, said Pooja Rathod, a student from Fergusson College, who was a research-volunteer.Also, the Indian grey wolf primarily inhabits human-dominated agro-pastoral landscapes. This suggests that large population of Indian wolves is outside the protected areas, Rathod added.\"Thus, conservation in these areas is always a challenge and needs to be dealt in a holistic way. There is evidence that the Indian grey wolf belongs to an ancient clade which has not mixed with the shallow wolf-dog clade, making them genetically different from all other wolves. This gives all the more reason to prioritize conservation efforts for the Indian grey wolf,\" Rathod said.The survey covered an area of 73 sq.km. at four locations in the Sawai Madhopur district of Rajasthan. The sites were selected on the basis of background information on wolf presence and their denning sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584948", "title": "156 students given degrees at GNLU convocation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two premier institutes at Gandhinagar held their convocation at the capital on Saturday. In one of the events, the Gujarat National Law University (GNLU) saw 156 of its students being given undergraduate and postgraduate law degrees at the institute's third convocation. Chief minister Narendra Modi , Supreme Court Justice Anil Dave, and state law and justice minister Pradeepsinh Jadeja attended the event as guests.During the convocation, nineteen gold medals were given to students in various subjects of law. The convocation ceremony at GNLU was followed by an alumni meet at the campus. The guests talked about the legal system and the crucial role of lawyers in the country in the event.In another event, about 346 students, including three PhD scholars, of Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DA-IICT) were handed out degrees at the institute's 8th convocation on Saturday.The maximum salary for the batch, which will graduate in 2012, is Rs 16 lakh per annum and the average salary is Rs 4.5 lakh per annum. The institute is yet to place its entire graduating batch. This was revealed by the institute director S C Sahasrabudhe.The chief guest at the event-M Anandakrishnan, chairman, board of governors, IIT Kanpur-talked at length about imperatives of innovations in India in his convocation address.Apart from mentioning current trends in technology innovation and the role of innovation in higher education and corporate organizations, Anandakrishnan also briefed students on the US National Innovation System and innovation initiatives in India.\"Often, in common parlance, the words creativity and innovation are used interchangeably. They should not be, because while creativity implies coming up with ideas, innovation means bringing ideas to life. Anyone can be innovative but all cannot be creative,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585216", "title": "Talks of trees and the tea tragedy at lit fest", "text": "JAIPUR: If Gulzar charmed the audience with his nature poetry on the first day of the Jaipur Lit Fest, Caribbean author and a gardening writer Jamaica Kincaid and gardening correspondent for 'The Independent' Anna Pavord opened up an altogether different perspective on nature at the Diggi Palace on Saturday.The two writers spoke extensively about gardening and their own experiences with the wild and cultivated plants at an animated session moderated by environmentalist Pradip Krishen at the Durbar Hall.Kincaid traced the history of gardening to Bible and the Garden of Eden, and spoke about how the Tree of Life could be a mythical reference to farming and crop cultivation. \"The idea of sustenance is tied to that of satisfying the need for food,\" she explained.\"Gardening is a luxury. In Britain, the gardening boom took place with the rise of the middle class in the early 19th century,\" said Pavord, and added that gardening and farming have more commonalities than differences.Both the writers credited the diversity in plantation to the horticultural exchanges that opened up parts of the world to Europe. Notwithstanding, its negative impact on the wilderness, especially in the context of colonialism.Pavord recounted her trip to Sri Lanka where all she saw in the name of vegetation was huge tea plantations. \"I call it the tea tragedy. All I saw was that vast swathes of forests were abandoned for tea plantation since it was economically more viable,\" she lamented.Both Kincaid and Pavord however, sounded optimistic as gardening is gaining ground among the current generation. \"If you can't paint, or chisel a sculpture, you can try gardening. The practice is more of a way to unleash your creative energy towards growing something new that is beautiful to look at.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585387", "title": "'R-day bravery award opened doors for me'", "text": "I got the National Bravery Award in 2003 and it changed the very course of my life. It opened doors for me, allowed me to travel extensively to 30 countries and meet people whom I could never have dreamt of meeting.My brother, Chinmay (now 16), and I (19) fought with two robbers in a Mumbai train in 2002. This act was incorporated as a chapter, 'Sibling Gallantry' in the English textbook of Class IX in Maharashtra. We also got the 'Jeevan Raksha Padak' in 2003 from President Abdul Kalam . All this evoked a sense of fearlessness in us .I attended Blossoms S T English High School in Mumbai and was its head girl. Subsequently, I did my XII from D G Ruparel College in the same city. My father, Dr Anil Sharma, is an interventional cardiologist at Bombay Hospital and my mother, Neha Sharma , a housewife.My love for the performing arts saw me acting in TV shows and performing on stage. But I also love sports and represented India in an International Taekwondo Championship in South Korea in 2009. I also got the National Child Award for exceptional achievements in 2002 and 2009 and was privileged to receive the FIE Foundation National Award in 2006 worth Rs one lakh. That was gratifying as other awardees included Anjali Bhagwat, Ramoji Rao, Vithal Kamat and Om Puri .I recently returned from an Antarctic expedition. In fact, 2012 began on a Polish research station, watching icebergs collapsing in front of me, observing whales blowing in the air and surrounded by hundreds of penguins and seals. Words cannot describe the pristine and untouched beauty of Antarctica.I appeared for the SAT exams and got into Mount Holyoke College in the US where I am presently a sophomore. This has been an eye-opening experience . I have met senior bankers on Wall Street and senators such as Nancy Pelosi . I also got a chance to do research in world-class labs. Last semester , for example, as a marine geosciences research assistant, I conducted research on a sailing vessel in the Atlantic Ocean and studied permeability of rocks obtained from the ocean floor near Guatemala as part of the International Oceanic Drilling Programme.I also got a chance to intern with various politicians in Georgia , which included David Usupashvili, the chairman of the opposition political party and Alexander Rondelli, chief political adviser to president Mikheil Saakashvili . All this was due to a professor of Russian Studies in my college.I also travelled for a month to the Caribbean as I was part of a programme called Semester at Sea where engineering solutions are applied to real-world problems. Our focus was Panama Canal. I also had a rewarding experience interning with Times of India in Mumbai where I wrote articles and covered press conferences . I studied the rain forests in North Queensland, Australia and dived in the Great Barrier Reef.At the same time, I forged lifelong friendships. There was Yoshi from Japan who I met in California and who adopted me as her cultural daughter. There was Marcello from Argentina who met me at a restaurant and took me home to chat with his wife and play with son. How can I forget Nick from Greece with whom I had a long conversation on festivals and who I made my rakhi brother? We even danced to 'Kajra Re' on a flight. Life was indeed fascinating.I have yet to decide on a career. There are many options -- engineering, finance, film making and entrepreneurship . But I have learnt to go with the flow. As Steve Jobs said, \"The dots will connect in the end\" . But it all began nine years back on January 26.Fact fileName | Charu Sharma; age: 19Achievement | Fought with two robbers in a Mumbai train in 2002 along with her younger brotherNow | At Mount Holyoke College, USAwards | National Bravery Award in 2003; Jeevan Raksha Padak in 2003; FIE Foundation National Award in 2006", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kalyani", "code": "11584388", "title": "Capsized Italian ship\u2019s captain misled the crew: Survivor", "text": "KALYANI: Mithun Mondal - one of the survivors of Costa Concordia that capsized off the Tuscan coast in Italy - seems to have fallen in love with cruise ships. Mondal, the pastry chef from Jamtala in Muratipur, returned to his parents in Nadia on Friday and plans to return to Italy as soon as he receives duplicates of his passport and other documents. His parents don't want him to return to work on a ship and are trying to persuade him to return to his job as a chef at a star hotel in India.\"Captain Francesco Schettino misled us on the night of accident. We were bound for Savona. Around 9pm, when we were preparing dinner, there was a jolt and the ship started shuddering. The dinner and dessert plates were crashing to the ground. We asked the captain but he said that there was a technical problem that would be resolved soon,\" he said.\"We thought the turbulence was due to rough seas. It was nearly after 20 minutes that the captain announced we were in trouble. Then, we came to know of the 150-feet gash in the hull that occurred when the ship crashed into rocks near the island of Giglio,\" Mondal recounted.Mondal's version corroborates cruise company chief executive Pierluigi Foschi's statement that the captain did not mention that he had hit a reef when the two spoke after the accident.Had the captain done so, the company could have provided proper assistance and all passengers on board could have been saved. Till news last came in, 21 passengers are missing and their bodies are yet to be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584435", "title": "Chidambaram launches resident identity card project in Andamans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram launched the first batch of 'resident identity cards' under the coastal National Population Register (NPR) project at Porthrapur village in South Andaman district of Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands on Saturday.Porthrapur resident Bhuluxmi was the first recipient of the RIC. The RIC is a smart card with a 64-KB micro processor chip. The National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, has finalized the visual layout of the card. It incorporates several physical security features like guilloche patterns, hot stamped hologram and micro text.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11584800", "title": "Amul to dish out frozen yogurts in February", "text": "VADODARA: Dairy major Amul is now eyeing the growing frozen yogurt market in the country.The Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul has launched frozen yogurt - a first of its kind product offering from Amul's basket. Frozen yogurt, which is a tangy combination of ice-cream with probiotic yogurt base, is a globally established category.Amul's move comes at a time when a string of frozen yogurt chains are entering the country riding on the healthier, guilt-free dessert plank creating a space within the traditional Indian ice-cream market.If US-based yogurt brand Red Mango has made a debut in the Indian market this month following the Canadian yogurt chain Kiwi Kiss, which had forayed in the Indian market last year, Singapore-headquartered yogurt brand Berrylite is firming up its plans to set up a chain of outlets soon.But home-grown Amul is set to give these brands a run for their money as it plans to launch the new product across 70,000 outlets across the country in first week of February against nearly 40 outlets managed by the international brands. India's organized ice cream market is estimated at Rs 1,200 crore and Amul currently commands a 40 per cent market share.With the launch of this new product under the brand name - Amul Flaavyo - Amul wants to revolutionize the ice-cream market while becoming the \"first mover\" in this new category in the Indian market.\"We are expecting that the frozen yogurt highway would account for five percent of total ice-cream sales,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI on Saturday.\"As many consumers are becoming health conscious, the market for frozen yoghurt is going to grow. We estimate that it would expand the market by increasing customer base. Essentially it would not only convert non-consumers of ice-cream into eaters but also increase frequency of ice-cream consumption,\" Sodhi said.The Amul Flaavyo Frozen Yoghurt is presently made available at select scooping parlours of Amul. Amul has a chain of 500 scooping parlours across the country.Initially, the dairy giant has introduced the product at its scooping parlours at Rs 35 per scoop (against Rs 100 per scoop charged by international brands).\"In the first week of February, we will be launching consumer packs across the country while we will be making Amul Flaavyo Frozen Yogurt available in smaller packs of 125 ml, 500 ml and also five litre packs in two flavours - mango and strawberry,\" Sodhi said.Targeting the health conscious consumers, Amul plans to popularize its frozen yogurt as the one that contains all the therapeutic benefits of yoghurt and probiotic bacteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583495", "title": "Woman held for duping I-T office of over Rs 6L", "text": "PUNE: A woman employee of the Income Tax (I-T) office at Swargate has been arrested for allegedly cheating the office out of Rs 6.35 lakh in August 2011.A magisterial court on Saturday sent Sheela Santosh Chiniwar (26) to police custody till Sunday.Senior police inspector Ram Pathare of the Swargate police station said that Chiniwar was working at the I-T office as a clerk on a temporary basis. She had been given the responsibility of preparing refund orders, but allegedly prepared one of the orders of over Rs 21 lakh in her name.According to Pathare, Chiniwar deposited the order in her bank account on May 30, 2011 and withdrew over Rs 6.35 lakh between July 8 and August 29. The incident came to light when an inspection of the refund order was carried out by the I-T department. Chiniwar was arrested after I-T officer Premlal Ladda, a resident of Yerawada, registered a cheating case against her under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code, Pathare stated.During questioning, Chiniwar said she had spent the money on medical treatment for her father. She denied committing an offence, saying she had not deposited the refund order in her bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11585882", "title": "Khadi is the flavour of election season", "text": "PUNE: The demand for khadi has picked up, with stores citing a 30-40% increase in sale of the white cloth. Corporators and aspiring candidates of political parties have taken a special liking to Khadi ever since the polls were announced, said khadi retailers in the city.Sunil Bihani,owner of the Rashtriya Khadi Bhandar on Budhwar Peth, said that the store has stocked up about 5,000 metres of khadi to cater to the demand during civic polls. \"Sales have risen by 30% during the last 15 days. Candidates from various political parties-be it Shiv Sena or Congress- want kurta-pyjama and shirts made of khadi. We have catered to at least 30 to 40 such aspirants so far; each one buys in bulk. One candidate buys as many as six shirts at a time, because khadi needs to be drycleaned after a single wear,\" said Bihani. There is no shortage of the material which comes from Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Bihar.Devender Ombattakke of Gandhi Khadi Bhandar on Laxmi Road, quoted a 25 to 30% increase in sales during the last one month. \"We have been in this business for 70 years and have fixed customers, including corporators and other party workers. The up-coming elections have boosted sales, with party candidates mostly preferring white khadi, linen khadi and silk khadi. They buy the material and have kurta-pyjamas stitched at our store. We sell as many as 100 such pairs daily,\" said Ombattakke. Of every ten candidates, two are women opting for khadi saris.\"We mostly have aspirants, those who would be contesting for the first time,\" said Srinivas Jannu, owner, Janata Khadi Bhandar. \"Khadi sales were low after Diwali, but picked up since the announcement for elections in February. Sales have gone up by 20 to 25% since December. It is either the candidates dropping by to purchase khadi or their relatives, most of them preferring kurtas and jackets,\" said Jannu. The store has been catering to eight to 10 such candidates daily during the last one week.Vitthal Hendre of another khadi store in the city quoted a 40 to 45% increase in khadi sales during the last one month. \"Khadi sells extensively among politicians. I usually take orders on phone and deliver the material at their door-step. Very recently we delivered to candidates from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Congress and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). Cotton khadi and linen are selling well among politicians, who want to try new varieties of the cloth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11585758", "title": "Passion, not business, comes first for him", "text": "MANGALORE: More than hundred participants flew their kites on the first day of the fourth edition of ONGC-MRPL International Kite Festival on Panambur beach, but the one that was flown by Ida Bagus Ugrasena Narendra from Indonesia stood out for it unique name and the commitment of its flyer.Narendra - Rade Ajeg Helmy Ginanti couple, who dedicated majority of their time to participate in kite festivals across the world, brought a very special kite to Mangalore titled God Kite. \"Yes, this kite is god for me. It is the longest kites flown in Mangalore with 100 ft in length,\" said Narendra, managing director of Maharani Group of star hotels in Indonesia. The kite had two message written on it --- kite is for God and I love Bali.Despite being the owner of a hotel chain headquartered in Indonesia, Narendra and wife live in that country only two months in a year and the rest of the time they travel around the globe not to check out new avenues to expand their business but to participate in kite festivals.Narendra told STOI that he had participated in kite festivals held in 88 countries. \"My first festival was the event held in the US in 1983. Every year, I travel across Europe to participate in kite festivals for three months and one month I stay in USA. I stay in Bali, my home town in Indonesia, only for two months in a year,\" he added.This is my 11th visit to India for Narendra, father of six and grandfather of one. \"We, Indonesians and Indians, are closely related as most of our customs, traditions and culture are similar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584485", "title": "Now, fix broken tooth in an hour", "text": "NAGPUR: Now a broken tooth wouldn't be much of a concern just before an important occasion, as dentists can fix the broken tooth in less than an hour.This is only one of the recent developments in dentistry that was discussed at the annual conference of the city chapter of Indian Dental Association (IDA), where dentists from across Central India came together to talk about their field. Dental implants, despite being an old turf, have undergone too many changes in the last few years that have made them more convenient, affordable and effective.\" Implantology, as a discipline, has evolved a great deal over the last decade, especially the treatment modalities. Today, even if someone has lost one tooth or a couple of teeth due to trauma or injury at an early age, one doesn't need to stay without it for the rest of his life. Using titanium to make the root of the remade teeth and materials like ceramic or even zirconium and not metals for the crowns has made all the difference, said maxillofacial surgeon Dr Abhay Datarkar. He insists that all these changes have increased the success rate of implants to 95 to 97 per cent.Dr Deepak Kamdar, the coordinator of the conference said that those wishing to have dental implants urgently don't have to wait for a month but can have an almost immediate procedure done. \"Previously, two or more sessions were required for redesigning teeth, now it can be done in the same session. Moreover, the surgery does not necessitate removal of flaps of skin surrounding the teeth, a small hole can do the trick. With the help of techniques like CAT scan and CAD, one can plan the entire surgery before actually performing it, too,\" he informed.\"A decade back, when I started providing implants, not many doctors were doing it. Today, however, people come themselves requesting dental implants,\" said Dr Neeraj Khare. He believed the decreased cost of the procedure is also a factor for the increased demand. \"Many old people prefer getting these 'unremovable' set of teeth over the traditional removable dentures,\" he said.The new president of IDA Nagpur, Dr Vinod Agrawal spoke about researches that may soon be incorporated as treatment modalities. \"Tooth redesigning using stem cells is in experimental phase, but does not seem to be far-fetched,\" he said.Another research that he said looked very promising was the one by Japanese scientists. \"It is seen that Eskimos have no caries or tooth decay because of the presence of an antibody in their saliva. The Japanese scientists are developing a vaccine using this antibody. Children may soon be getting vaccines for tooth decay without having to give up their favourite sweets,\" he enthused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11584020", "title": "VNSGU to hold postgraduate medical entrance exam under strict vigil", "text": "SURAT: With a view to check malpractices by students, Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) will hold for the first time ever the postgraduation medical entrance examination under high vigil at its headquarters.The examination to be held on Sunday at VNSGU campus on Udhna Magdalla Road, in which 739 students are appearing, will be videographed.PG aspirants use specific sign language. \"The students appear in a group of four due to which their sitting arrangement comes in the same block or line during the examination.As they are at a visible distance from each other, they use sign language,\" informed sources said.\"It being multiple choice question examination (MCQ), they can communicate answers through a sign language,\" they added.The students will be monitored by six moving cameras at six different blocks in the university campus. The cameras will monitor movement of students, teachers and others coming to the block. The cameras will keep an eye on the movement of papers in the block.\"The attempt is towards stopping the alleged misconduct in the examination. Not all students adopt unfair means during the examination. We want to create pressure on those who do,\" VNSGU vice-chancellor Dakshesh Thakar said.The video recording will be viewed by the university authorities and action taken against those found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11585128", "title": "Dera sessions on support for poll candidates begin today", "text": "SIRSA: With a large number of Punjab assembly election candidates coming to Dera Sacha Sauda to get the backing of its political wing, sect head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is expected to decide on the stand soon. Ram Rahim is likely to take up the issue during the sessions to be held between Sunday an Wednesday.As many as 200 candidates from various political parties have sought the blessings from the Dera chief since January 15, as the sect has a following of around 50 lakh in Punjab. The Dera's political affairs wing is currently assessing the status of candidates on the basis of feedback collected from sect followers from across Punjab.Dera sources said, \"These meetings between Ram Rahim and political leaders were held in privacy, on the request of visiting leaders.\"Dera Sacha Sauda's political wing chairperson Ram Singh told TOI, \"We have fixed January 22 to 25 to decide on the support to a political party during Punjab assembly election. Our political wing team has first done the ground work, as to what do the Dera followers want (in power) and whom to select? In our research, we found out that their opinion is the same. After final a meeting, we will select the party and decide on support.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsPunjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584390", "title": "B-Focused bewitches students at Royal Gondwana", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a sense of excitement in the hall at Royal Gondwana Public School during the B-Focused workshop. The activities at the B-Focused workshop were keeping the children engaged in a manner they rarely experience in regular classes.The task assigned to the students seemed quite simple: to play catch-the-ball. But the twist lay in the rule that the ball needed to be thrown to a different person every time. So, keeping up the pace of the game meant that students had to pay keen attention to who had already received the ball.This simple but effective memory enhancing activity was thoroughly enjoyed by students, who were either shouting or trying to give subtle hints to friends to complete the task successfully. \"Each activity is planned and executed keeping in mind what we want the children to learn and such interactive sessions are much more helpful,\" said Sandip Gulhane, chief coordinator, Workskills Training Academy (WTA).Jayant Lankar, physics and math teacher at the school, said that children seemed impressed with the way the workshop turned out. \"It is because of the inter-activeness and the fact that they can relate to issues which the workshop deals with. I see a sense of self realization in them,\" he said.Shobha Dhanwatay, director WTA, said that they were making slight changes in the way workshops are being conducted in different schools. \"We have to adapt according to the students, as we want them to learn as much as possible. Our aim is to enable them to make the right choices,\" she said.She added that unlike workshops in other schools, here they had reshuffled the students for every activity. \"We did this to increase interactivity among students. Coming into new groups exposes children to new ideas, helps them adjust to different people. We wanted students to get out of their comfort zones,\" Dhanwatay said.Want your school to host a B-Focused workshop? Contact Fakhruddin Bohra from Education Times at 9860013362.QuotesIt is a great initiative from the Times Group and it will help students become more focused on their career path.Devendra Dasture, director, Royal Gondwana Public SchoolThe focus on each individual helped bringing out our hidden talent. The workshop showed that focus and planning is very important if we want to achieve our goals.Kajal Ghadai, XThe best part was that the sessions were interactive and they treated us equally. The workshop showed us what we lacked and where we stood and the importance of thinking out of the box.Sabiha Dhanani, IXThe workshop boosted my confidence levels and enabled me to speak in front of people. The activities to sharpen our memory, thinking and such other skills were really interesting and fun.Jyoti Bhoyar, XThe team activities, like the puzzle, were the best. We learnt we can accomplish a great deal more as a group than individually, and focus is of utmost importance.Poonam Gawai, XThe puzzle activity taught that we could shape and reshape anything. All the faculties of the brain need constant sharpening and the workshop helped in that direction.Sanjyot Kawale, XIt was an interesting way to get to know ways to find and develop our talents in order to achieve our goals. The workshop gave an opportunity to show our inner talents.Mayank Wagmare, XIt was infotainment. Showed us how to improve our memory and that there is scope to learn from everything around us. It also taught is to thoroughly analyse everything before making a decision.Nitin Agrawal, X", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11587950", "title": "Character actors are treated with more respect: Darshan", "text": "Actor Darshan Jariwala who plays an NRI in the Australian film 'Save Your Legs' says that character actors are treated with more respect globally than in Bollywood. \"They have a more variety of roles to offer than the Hindi film industry.Though the present phase of new age cinema has changed a lot, it is the best time as films with varied themes are being made,\" says the actor who has appeared in a number of films including Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, Rajneeti.\"In the film Save Your Legs , which is a comedy based on the theme of cricket, I play an NRI who runs a cricket school in Australia and sponsors a cricket team who is on a trip to India and plays matches against different clubs in cities like Kolkata, Varanasi and Mumbai,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584431", "title": "No film shoots tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Film shoots will come to a standstill on Monday as the Tamil Film Producers Council (TFPC) has called for an emergency general council meeting to discuss the pay revision of employees. The Film Employees Federation of South India (FEFSI), a union of technicians and other workers, had announced a minimum wage, which the producers' council termed as a \"unilateral decision.\"The pay revision is normally decided once in three years. A statement by the producers' council said the film employees' decision is shocking as it questions the democratic functioning of various industry bodies.\"The wage scale has been jointly decided by TFPC and FEFSI. The decision to suspend all shooting operations will help members to participate in the general council on January 23,\" said the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585302", "title": "\u2018We need to invest more in education\u2019", "text": "Three recent studies point to poor learning standards in our schools - OECD's Pisa study, NGO Pratham's Aser report for rural India and Wipro-Education Initiatives' study of India's top schools. What's wrong? The basic flaw in the Pisa study is that it only takes Shanghai into consideration and not the rest of China. We should compare rural China with rural India. It is well-known that state government textbooks are not age appropriate - a Class II student is asked to solve a problem he should be asked in Class IV. It is obvious that the child will fare poorly. And yet this is precisely what Aser tests children on. The Aser results are not surprising. They simply point to the malady in the system. This is precisely the issue that RTE hopes to address. But the results of the RTE won't be felt immediately. The law was passed in 2010 and the rules are still to be notified.We accept the fact that the education system is not delivering in accordance with our expectations and that quality needs to be addressed in a far more proactive way than before. We are not in denial mode. We have introduced education reforms such as continuous and comprehensive evaluation. We want to introduce a single test after class XII to assess students' general capabilities.How do you think learning in schools can be improved? A lot more has to be done at the state level. When the state government decides teachers' salary, pension, service and superannuation, how can you expect the Centre to monitor the quality of education in a school in a village? For any change in the education system, the community - teachers, parents and school managements -must be involved. This is not something the Centre or the state government alone can bring about. The Right to Education Act states that 75% of school management committees should consist of members of the community, of which 50% should be women. This involves mothers in the education system.Educationists blame Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan for lowering the standard of education and teacher qualifications in order to increase enrolment. That is absurd. India has a shortfall of 1.2 million teachers. Recruitment of teachers is the responsibility of the states, not the Centre. States have had to bring down the level for teachers as there aren't enough qualified teachers.There has been a decline in education spending as percentage of GDP. Shouldn't India be spending more? These figures don't account for the investment made by the private sector. Several government institutions, such as agricultural universities, are excluded from these numbers. The total spending on education may well be much closer to the figure we want, than what is being projected. However, we do need to invest much more in education. As a matter of fact, many developed nations invest 9 to 10% of their GDP on education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583067", "title": "MLAs want \u2018offending\u2019 liquor shops closed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Liquor shops near places of worship and educational institutions, water and sewerage problems, pending road-widening works, traffic junctions, lack of basic amenities at government schools and power cuts dominated proceeding at the Hyderabad district review committee (DRC) meeting held at Jubilee Hall on Saturday.Nominated MLA Christina Lazarus questioned the wisdom of the excise department officials in giving licences to open liquor shops near places of worship and educational institutions, hurting religious sensibilities of people and causing inconvenience to public and students. Malakpet MLA Ahmed Bin Abdul Balala said the excise officials had allowed a liquor shop near a Jain temple, while Yakutpura MLA Mumtaz Ahmed Khan drew the attention of the members to a similar shop close to the historic Charminar. Sanathnagar MLA Marri Shashidhar Reddy suggested that the government make it mandatory for liquor shop owners to install CCTVs to keep tabs on drunkards creating nuisance.District in-charge minister J Geetha Reddy, who chaired the DRC meeting, requested the elected representations to submit a list of liquor shops found near religious places and educational institutions to initiate action.Replying to queries raised by the members, deputy commissioner, excise, Hyderabad, MMA Farooqui said, \"We have granted licences only after inspection by our officials.\" Charminar MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi spoke for nearly two hours over water and sewer problems and projects taken up by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) in the Old City. He asked Board officials to put in place a plan for summer as water in reservoirs had plunged to alarming levels. \"The Board should spare slums from the revised tariff and stop collecting commercial tariff from small shops,\" Akbaruddin said.The MIM leader also dwelt on road-widening works undertaken by the GHMC. Water Board managing director Adhar Sinha said water would be supplied to the twin cities without interruption up to May. Regarding commercial tariff, he said he would examine the issue and take a decision soon. Intervening in the discussions, Geetha Reddy said chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had given an assurance to allot adequate funds in the 2012-13 budget to complete the Godavari water project and to take up Krishna phase-III.GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu attributed the delay in road-widening works to problems being faced in land acquisition as some properties owners went to court. \"Efforts are on to improve traffic junctions in the city,\" he added.Except four legislators, including former minister P Shankar Rao (Secunderabad Cantonment), P Vishnuvardhana Reddy (Jubilee Hills), T Manemma (Musheerabad) and G Kishan Reddy (Abmerpet), all other city MLAs attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588715", "title": "Shobana to work with Rajini again", "text": "The actress is the latest to be part of KochadaiyaanHere's the latest on Superstar's Kochadaiyaan. Actress-danseuse Shobana, who has shared screenspace with Rajinikanth in films like Siva and Dhalapathy, will be part of the dazzling cast in his forthcoming motion capture film. Confirming the news, Soundarya Rajinikanth , who's helming the project, says, \"Yes, Shobana has been roped in to play an important role in the film.\"While she refuses to divulge further details about Shobana's character, all she is willing to tell us is, \"There was no one other than Shobana aunty on my mind when we came up with this character in the film. The audience will have to wait and see if she will be paired opposite Appa, but I'm just so glad she's a part of this venture. We will also reveal the first look of the film when we go on floors.\"Meanwhile, a source tells us that a press note, followed by a briefing session will happen by the end of next week, where the entire cast and crew will be officially announced. With K S Ravikumar working on the project and A R Rahman composing the tunes, the project seems to be getting bigger by the day.The film will most likely have Katrina Kaif as the female lead, and Aadhi, Prithviraj and Sneha have reportedly been roped in to play important roles. Soundarya and Ravikumar have been shuttling between Chennai and Mumbai to finalize the cast and also to sit with Rahman to work on the tunes for the film. The team has already flown in high-end cameras and equipment, which have been set up in a studio in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584450", "title": "Wait got longer as flight captain needed rest", "text": "KOLKATA: Tired and bleary eyed, the passengers trudged down to the transit lounge which neither had enough recliners nor any AI staff in attendance.At 6 am, an airline official finally arrived and announced that the plane would take off as soon as the snag was repaired.\"There was a problem in the engine power delivery. Since the aircraft is an Airbus 737-800 that is not serviced here, we had to fly in technicians and spare parts flown our base in Mumbai. Hence, the delay in starting the repairs,\" an airline official said.Meanwhile, the wait in the lounge turned torturous. The washrooms that were already filthy and foul-smelling became worse with no clearners in attendance.\"Since we had already cleared immigration, we weren't allowed to go to the main terminal area for refreshment,\" said Sujit Chakraborty, a physician.Weary and famished, some of the fliers protested following which the airline agreed to supply food packets. \"We had no such obligation as a low-cost carrier. But it was done on humanitarian grounds,\" an airline official said.Around 8.45 am a team of engineers arrived on the AI flight from Mumbai to carry out the repairs. By the time the aircraft was certified fit to fly, it was 12.30 pm. However, by the time the aircraft was ready for takeoff, the commander had exhausted his flight duty time limitation, the time stipulated after which a captain is mandatorily required to rest.With no spare Boeing commanders in Kolkata, the passengers were told they would have to wait till the captain has had his rest and was ready to fly again. And, that would be 4 am on Sunday. Passengers from Kolkata were given the option to go back home and return before the departure. The 76 from Dhaka had no such luck. Since temporary visas are not issued unless the time of stay exceeds 24 hours, they had to spend hours in the miserable lounge, eating the sparse packed meals.\"This is disgusting,\" said one of the passengers, vowing never to fly an Indian carrier again. \"Why couldn't they do simple arithmetic and realize that the commander would not be able to fly after noon? The airline could easily have got spare crew from Mumbai to operate the aircraft,\" fumed another.Till reports last came in, the wait continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11585473", "title": "Will brand Priyanka work for the party and her brother?", "text": "She's called a 'reluctant bride', a 'seasonal variation' and a 'media lovely'. For the swish set, Priyanka Gandhi is a fashion icon or a socialite. But when she goes to the rural hinterlands, she's appears wrapped casually in a cotton sari, reminding one of her grandmother. And now, she's campaigning in UP for her brother Rahul. UP is the acid test for Brand Rahul. But it's Priyanka that people are talking about despite her campaigning in the 'family' constituencies. Will Brand Priyanka work for the party and her brother? \"Priyanka's presence may have marginal impact at the ground level. She has Indira Gandhi's looks, has more charm than Rahul and can draw people, but in today's caste-based politics, these factors may only garner more audience, not votes. Often, people come to see her out of sheer curiosity,\" says Mithileshwar Jha, professor of marketing, IIM-Bangalore. \"She's like a reluctant bride but people want to see what she will deliver.\"While she is visually appealing with Indira's aquiline nose and charisma, ad gurus say that a premium brand needs much more than just beautiful packaging. \"The Congress has not been able to create a mass leader after Indira,\" says Sajan Raj Kurup, founder and creative chairman of Creativeland Asia. \"A brand needs sustained content and stature. I don't know what the content here is. Rahul and Priyanka come across as tender newbies in front of hardened politicos like Mulayam and Mayawati.\"But does she have the 'wow' factor that's needed in a brand? While Kurup said she was naturally interesting, Piyush Pandey, executive chairman of Ogilvy, South Asia , said her warmth and softness are plus points. \"She seems empathetic to the masses. Her presence would help Rahul. She is spotless and comes with a clean slate, unlike Mayawati and Mulayam,\" he says. She also seems to have genuine affection for the people in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the family boroughs, says Jha. \"Therefore, this brand shows promise.\"Priyanka herself seems to be positioning herself as a brand. While she mingles with ease with south Delhi socialites, casually chic in tight jeans and figure-hugging tops, she's equally at home in UP's dusty lanes. No wonder social scientist Shiv Visvanathan finds her like a seasonal variation, a whiff of fragrance. \"She's fresh unlike Mulayam and Mayawati. But at the same time, she's not a political brand, she's a commodity. While she evokes nostalgia for the Gandhi name, she's not a presence. Her appeal would lie more with the older generation, especially women ,\" says Visvanathan. \"And while a brand should not be over-exposed, in Priyanka's case, it is perhaps too little, too late.\" But then, at this juncture, anything, even Priyanka's occasional presence, would help the Congress.When compared to Rahul, Priyanka scores well. Rahul needs a course in Hindi diction and comes across as a boy scout than a man, says Visvanathan. \"He seems like a tableaux in slow motion,\" he said.But the biggest drawback of the siblings, say advertisers, is their lack of issues. Also, Priyanka's presence is only cosmetic. She can't be propelled if she isn't seriously about foraying into politics. And that's where she should make up her mind. If she decides to take the plunge, says Jha, her crowd-pulling abilities will be better than Rahul's; she will have a longer future too. \"For the time being, she should concentrate on Amethi and Rae Bareli and not diffuse her impact to other places in UP,\" he said. But they all agree that despite both places being VVIP constituencies, the impact of this family hasn't been enough. How much more time would it take to deliver, they ask.Visvanathan's advice to Priyanka is: take up an issue to show that you are serious. Arvind Sharma, chairman and CEO, Leo Burnett India, suggests that the siblings work in tandem. \"Priyanka with her intuitiveness and easy style and Rahul with his earnestness could make a dent.\"But will the dent become a lasting mark? Only time will tell.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11584770", "title": "BBA Baazigar Season 6 gets record entries", "text": "VADODARA: The BBA Students Association (BBASA), which is gearing up to host the sixth season of the annual business game 'BBA Baazigar Season 6', has set a new benchmark.Breaking its own record of last year, the season 6 of BBA Baazigar is expected to witness participation of as many as 140 teams. After five successful seasons in which it has spread it wings from a city level competition to a state level event, BBA Baazigar Season 6 is being organized not only for regular college students, but also for the higher secondary school students BBA Baazigar Budding Aces this year.\"Against last year when we had received registrations from a total of 101 teams and finally 99 teams had participated, this year we already have 138 teams who have confirmed their participation,\" BBASA president Paushak Parikh informed mediapersons on Saturday.\"The same enthusiasm has been shown by the higher secondary school students of the city as well. Against our expectation of 40 entries, we have received close to double - 73 entries from school students,\" Parikh said.The organizing team had conducted rigorous promotional activities covering nearly 500 colleges across Gujarat and more than 140 schools of five mediums - English, Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi and Sindhi.On Saturday, the association conducted orientation session where the game was explained in detail to all the teams. The next level - business plan presentation - will be held on Monday for MSU BBA teams as well as the teams participating in the BBA Baazigar Budding Aces contest.The main event of BBA Baazigar will be spread between January 26 and February 3, while the BBA Baazigar Budding Aces will end with a grand finale on January 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585323", "title": "Haryana: Civic amenities provided by developers under scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Town and country planning department of the state has started auditing records maintained by builders in connection with providing civic amenities and community services in colonies and sectors developed by them in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonepat and Panchkula.The department has also written to private and nationalized banks to direct their branches to take utilization letters from builders when they withdraw money from accounts meant to keep 30% of the proceeds from sale of housing units, which are to be used for maintaining civic infrastructure.Sources said procedure of audit started from January 1. In a meeting of senior town planners (STPs) and district town planners (DTPs) held at Chandigarh, the officials we asked to monitor the audit and submit the status report once every three months.This development is follow up of Haryana government's move of asking builders to maintain records of their allotments and payment by those who subscribe to their schemes. It took these steps in wake of complaints by unit holders, who rued lack of civic amenities and community services.Town and country planning department issues licences to colonizers for developing residential, institutional and commercial areas. As per rules a builder or colonizer developing a colony is responsible for providing basic infrastructure and amenities like water and electricity supply in the area.Builders are supposed to provide infrastructure for water and power supply, which the government provides. As most developers err on this account, allotees are left with no option other than shuttling between estate manager's office and government agencies.Naveen, a resident of DLF Colony in Gurgaon said, \"Though this decision is late, we are happy that the government has finally woken up to the needs of allotees of private developers. We want supervising officials to be honest and to provide a clear picture through this audit.\"S K Nayyar, president of Citizens' Welfare Association of Panchkula, termed this as a welcome step. \"It is too early to comment on this. But certainly, it will put some sort of check on developers,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11583925", "title": "Dumi has a surname and it's Kapoor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People love their pets and there is nothing new about lucky dogs and cats being a part of the family they belong to. But, Dumi, a two-year old Lhasa apso , is a peculiar one. Dumi has an account on social networking site Facebook, loves KFC food and diet soft drinks, has an AC to relieve him of summer heat, gets conditioners to smoothen his rich fur coat and he is a 'Kapoor'.Yes! Dumi Kapoor resides with his family in Sector 42. Kapoors' adoration for their apso is evident in the fact that they have even proclaimed their last name to him. To ensure their love for Dumi doesn't fade away and the pooch remains an inseparable part of the family, Shubhra Kapoor had added her family name after the pet's giving him a new identity. Even Dumi's social networking account profiles him as Dumi Kapoor. Shubhra's love for him is no less than her two children - a son and a daughter.An American standard Lhasa apso, Dumi had become a champion while he was just a year-old because of his thick long flowing coat. \"His parents are from UK Champion Line,\" says Shubhra.Her son Kunal Kapoor, who works with a corporate firm, says Dumi is the subject of most discussions at their residence. \"His most catchy features are his eyes, which express wisdom and innocence,\" says Kunal.He adds, \"Dumi is a multi-utility and reserve-utility group winner and has won many Best of Breed (BOB) titles at coveted dog shows across the country.\" Kunal says the family plans to take this Kapoor abroad for bigger shows.Dumi's diet generally involves non-veg and dairy products apart from occasional treat he relishes from fancy outlets, says Shubhra. \"He feels hot because of his thick coat so, we have provided him a personal AC,\" she adds....will show offDumi Kapoor would participate at the national dog show to be held at Leisure Valley on Sunday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585196", "title": "Ex-Shiv Sena MLA booked for power theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd (MSEDCL) has lodged a complaint against former Shiv Sena MLA Yogesh Patil, his brother Ramesh and two partners for electricity theft of Rs 1.29 crore. The complaint is lodged at Mahavitaran Kalyan police station.The ex-MLA runs Yogesh Stone Crushing Company with his partners, Sanjiv Patil and Paresh Patil, at Wada.Deputy chief public relation officer of MSEDCL Bharat Pawar said, \"Following a tip-off, we conducted a raid at the company and found that the meter had been tampered with. A remote-controlled device was used to slow down the meter, thereby causing a loss of Rs 1.29 crore to MSEDCL.\"The four have been booked under Section 135 of the Electricity Act (2003).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583232", "title": "After I-T searches, Dalmiya Cements declares income", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following the Income Tax (I-T) searches conducted on various units of Dalmiya Cements on Friday, the company has declared Rs 22 crore as it earnings. According to I-T sources, the firm will now have to pay a tax of Rs 7 crore (approx) on this amount.A team comprising Income Tax and Enforcement Directorate officials swooped down on Dalmiya Cements office in Kadapa on Friday and searched its premises in connection with the ongoing probe into the illegal assets of Jaganmohan Reddy, president of YSR Congress party.The search, that started at around 8.30 am, continued all through the day with Income Tax sleuths leaving the premises only late on Friday night.The company is believed to have invested in Jagan's firm Bharti Cements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583798", "title": "Trees in Pimpri Chinchwad gardens to get name plates", "text": "PUNE: The garden department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has started putting name tags on trees in the Paryavaran Sanskar, Nakshatra and Indira Gandhi gardens in the civic limits.The tags display the common names of that particular tree species, its importance and usage.The initiative has been launched to help people identify trees and know what tree species have been planted in the civic limits.Suresh Salunke, garden superintendent and chief of the garden department, said, \"The department had put up name plates on the trees in the Paryavaran Sanskar garden in Bhosari and Nakshatra garden five years ago. But those plates have been damaged due to exposure to natural elements.\" The department is now putting new plastic name tags, which can sustain wear and tear, on trees in the two gardens and the Indira Gandhi garden, popularly known as Durgatekdi garden, in Nigdi-Pradhikaran.The tags will also be put on trees in other gardens that are frequented by a large number of people. Nine gardens in the municipal limits have been chosen for the purpose.Vikas Patil, president of environmental organisation Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti, said, \"There are large number of medicinal and other important trees in the gardens but many people cannot identify them by just looking at the trees. Our organisation has received several requests from tree lovers about putting name tags.\" Patil said his organisation had written letters to the then municipal commissioner in 2009 asking that name tags be put on trees in civic limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11585096", "title": "Sr citizen crushed to death between train, platform", "text": "KALYAN: A 66-year-old man from Uttar Pradesh met a horrific end when he slipped and fell while trying to board a train at Kalyan station on Saturday. The railway authorities took almost two hours to extricate his body, which had got entangled between the footboard of one of the coaches of Saket Express and the platform.A resident of a village in Sutanpur, UP, Devi Prasad Mishra had come to Mumbai to meet his grandson who had been hospitalized. On Saturday, he, along with his daughter Sakuntala Tiwari and son-in-law Satydev Tiwari, was on his way back home when the accident occurred.The train to UP was waiting on platform 4 at the station around 7am. \"My sister and her husband entered the train first,\" said Mishra's son, Jay Shankar. \"As my father was about to board the train, he missed a step and fell. Instead of landing on the platform, he got stuck in the narrow gap between the platform and the train's footboard.\" Immediately his family members rushed to the railway officials who came to the spot and tried to rescue him, but to no avail. Short of breath and being crushed in the gap, Mishra's agony continued even as the officials strived to rescue him. Finally, a team got hydraulic machines and a gas cutter to hack off a part of the footboard, but by the time he was pulled onto the platform, he had died, an official said. He was taken to Rukminibai Hospital in Kalyan, where he was declared dead. \"The deceased died as his chest had been crushed,\" said Dr Rohini Davle from the hospital.Blaming the railways, Mishra's family alleged that had the gap between the platform and the train not been so wide, the mishap would not have occurred. \"For 50 minutes, he was writhing in pain but the officials failed to rescue him. The delay cost him his life,\" said a relative.But CR PRO A K Singh denied any negligence: \"Our medical and technical teams tried their best to rescue the man.\" He also said the gap between the train and platform was according to the prescribed measurement.The railways has paid Rs 15,000 to the family as compensation. Singh has assured the relatives, who are disgruntled with the \"paltry sum\", that the railways would pay them more and the amount would be decided by senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584288", "title": "Destitute kids allowed to attend school", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is good news for 44 of the 392 destitute children at Asha Kiran Home in Rohini, who had been denied admission in a mainstream school despite being found eligible for formal schooling. After intervention by the chief secretary, Delhi, the department of social welfare agreed to send these children out of the home to attend classes at a nearby school. The admission process for these children was started on Saturday with the filling up of forms for six students.TOI had reported on November 7, 2011, how a tussle between the education and social welfare departments of the Delhi government had got in the way of the children being sent to school. The children aged between five and 18 years were found eligible for mainstream education on the basis of an HC order and assessment by 12 resource teachers from the DoE.Two arrested for killing mediatorTwo persons, wanted in a murder case in Bawana, were arrested on Saturday. Identified as Rajan and Sonelal, residents of Samaipur Badli, they had reportedly beaten to death one Ram Sewak when he tried to intervene in a street fight last August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584694", "title": "3 students go missing from Anant Nagar", "text": "NAGPUR: Three youngsters, including two cousins, have left their families worried after they left their Anant Nagar homes without informing anyone. The family members feel that the youngsters, aged around 14 years, may have left for a Bombay-Goa tour.Rajat and his elder cousin Rohit Rai were joined by their neighbour and classmate Raj Singh. Sources from one of the family said that five youngsters, all student of standard VIII, had decided to make a leisure trip. Some members of the Rai cousins work with the police department.The friends met on January 19 around 4am. While two opted to skip the plan, the Rai cousins and Singh went ahead. Family members learned about the plan after one of them spilled the beans.\"Rai brothers may not had much cash with them. They took the mobile phones of their mothers but left the SIM. We tried to track them with the cellphone too but they kept it switched off,\" said a close family members. The Rais were known not have made much tours like Singh who had visited some tourist places with his family members.It is learnt that Singh left with around 1,500 but was not carrying any cellphone while the Rai cousins took the phones of their mothers but left behind the SIM cards. \"We are not able to make out how the youngsters left home. It is also not clear how they reached the bus or railway station. The information has been already relayed to different police stations in Maharashtra,\" said an worried family member.A group of family members and friends are now learnt to be soon leaving for Goa and Mumbai to search the youngsters. \"We are also trying to contact and alert the Goa police,\" said a family friend of the Rai cousins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11584044", "title": "Maharashtra, Gujarat police chase courier jeep for 85 km", "text": "SURAT: Maharashtra and Valsad police teams chased a courier jeep for 85 km after it jumped several barricades and sped past a toll plaza in the two states in the wee hours of Saturday.Police fired at one of the jeep's tyres and punctured it. Diparam Rajpurohit, who escaped from the jeep and had hid himself in the bushes near Valsad, was finally nabbed.Rajpurohit, who is employed with Nagraj Purohit's 'angadia' firm, had left from Andheri, Mumbai on Friday midnight with parcels to be delivered in Navsari. He had stopped for tea at a highway restaurant at around 3 am and was cleaning the glass of his jeepnear Charoti in Maharashtraon National Highway No. 8 when an eunuch tried to lure him. He chose to leave but when another jeep came suddenly from the front, he panicked.However, they were police personnel on a patrol. \"We are checking the goods recovered from the jeep.Nothing suspicious has been found from the parcels so far,\" said D B Vaghela, superintendent of police, Valsad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584176", "title": "Phoenix-2012 explores IT talent", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two-day annual IT fest of GGDSD College-32 'Phoenix-2012' concluded on Saturday. Several events, including IT and management quiz final, extempore, giddha and Mr and Miss Phoenix , were held on the final day along with a special performance by Swastik, a band.In spot software development, GJIMT, Mohali bagged the first prize while second prize went to Postgraduate Government College-11. In poster making using computer tools, first prize was bagged by GGDSD College while the second went to PGGC-46. PGGC-11 won the first prize in debugging event while GJIMT won the second prize. PGGCG-11 won the first prize for IT presentation while DAV College-10 bagged second.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585879", "title": "Tracing roots, a doc finds a community\u2019s ancestry", "text": "KOCHI: \"It was my son-in-law's suggestion that I trace my family tree and find my ancestors that triggered me to discover that the Thiyya community originated from Kyrgyzstan ,\" said Dr Nelliate C Shyamalan who is on a tour of South Indian cities. And then he got a DNA test done!On a mission very much different from his area of expertise, cardiologist Dr Shyamalan is tracing the origin of his genes and this has triggered an excitement among several members of the community in North Kerala.Talking to TOI, Dr Shyamalan said that there is an identity crisis among the Thiyyas of Malabar who are being categorized with the Ezhava community in Kerala. He says that his DNA testing revealed that it matches with the Indo-Aryan race that came all the way from South Africa through Kyrgyzstan.\"Did you know that a generation in those days travelled only three miles which is why the origin of the race goes back to 300 BC,\" he said.\"The fact is that we all originated from Africa and then moved upwards through Europe and into India. Their descendents came and settled in different parts of the country including Punjab and Karnataka, \" he added.Later, during his talk on the origin of a community, he said researchers who have been working on migration patterns said this community came from Tian Shan which is why \"they are called Thiyyas\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585376", "title": "Move to rope in pvt firms to revive power units in the red", "text": "MUMBAI: Buoyed by the experiment of appointing franchisees in handling power distribution in some areas, which not only reduced distribution losses but also increased revenue and quality of supply, the state is aiming to repeat the same in its power generation. However, consumers are in a quandary over the new plan.Maharashtra Power Generation Company Ltd (Mahagenco) homing in on private sector companies that may be interested in running its loss-making units so as to convert them into profit-making enterprises without a hike in the power tariff.A specialist in the power sector feared that the private firms that showed interest in managing Mahagenco's units and could later bring in imported coal and ask for a tariff hike, which Mahagenco or the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission ( MERC) might consider in future. This might increase the cost of power for consumers, he added. However, power expert Ashok Pendse said the old units did not have the capacity to receive more than 15% imported coal.\"Even if private generators use 15% imported coal and manage the unit professionally, the cost of generation can come down to make it a profitable unit,\" he said.Meanwhile, Mahagenco officials clarified that \"no extra tariff hike\" clause would be the main factor in handing over generation plants to private franchisees.Even though it could not be confirmed, private companies like Tata, Reliance, India Bulls, Torrent and others could show interest in running power plants. \"Professional management could make the old power plants profitable,\" added Pendse. However, the Mahagenco official said the response from private players has been lukewarm.\"We have asked for expression of interest from private firms to run two of our power units in Bhusawal. It is not that Mahagenco can't run them, but we are seeking parties that can manage the units with better coal supply but at the same tariff,\" said a Mahagenco official.Generation plants in Koradi were also in line for privatization and in-principal approval has already been given by the Mahagenco board for appointment of franchisees, officials said.Regular tenders will be floated in a few months if the private parties show interest, officials added.\"Workers should not feel insecure as they will be accommodated in other Mahagenco plants after the appointment of franchisees,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11584172", "title": "Papa CJ has Gurgaon in stitches with his stand-up comedy acts", "text": "GURGAON: In the last few years, stand-up comedy has come a long way in India and Gurgaon has emerged as one of the leading markets for such shows.Papa CJ, one of the well known names in the profession, came down to the city along with a friend from Chicago , to perform at an event in DLF Golf and Country Club on Saturday.Talking to TOI, Papa CJ said that from a 16-year-old teenager to a 75-year-old, the stand-up comedy has a huge audience in Gurgaon. The best thing about them, according to the comedian, is that they are mature enough to understand and take jokes on wide variety of subjects like sex and politics, in the right spirit.Papa CJ further explained that the standup comedy scene in city is still in its nascent stage and is gradually becoming a part of the mainstream comedy. \"In Gurgaon, I have done quite a few events and the shows were booked despite being announced with a very short notices. So definitely the comedy scene is getting bigger in Gurgaon. The market potential is huge,\" Papa CJ said.According to him, there is a huge audience who are interested in stand-up comedies.Whether it is wedding parties, baby showers, 50th anniversary, birthday parties, corporate or public shows, comedians are in demand who can lighten the mood of any get together.Papa CJ has done over 1,000 shows all around the world and out of that, 400 shows were held in India.Spontaneity is the key for this comedian. \"Most comedians who are starting out now prepare the scripts and perform the comic scenes on stage. But for me, the real fun lies in creating a comic scene or a joke out of the nothing, on the spot,\" he added.However, this does not make the job easy for the comedians. \"When you do a stand-up comedy, it's like having PhD in group psychology. I know how to read the mind of the audience, whethere they are happy, angry or sad, what's irritating them and how to get them out of that mood and make them laugh,\" explained Papa CJ. He added, \"I have gathered lot of experience and lot of material for creating a funny moment over the years, but a major chunk of the gigs performed by me is based on spontaneity. I like talking to my audience. Depending on what they say, I crack some jokes and chat with them.\"But with lots of jokes focussing on politics and sex, is the audience able to take them in the right spirit. Papa CJ say 'yes'. \"In India, stand-up comedy in English is performed for the elite. So, audience is usually educated, informed and broad minded. I do political comedy, observational comedy, crack naughty jokes etc. The Indian audience is absolutely fine with the jokes on sex and politics. They are fantastic and very intelligent,\" said Papa CJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11591920", "title": "Keep Patna clean, Sri Sri exhorts devotees", "text": "PATNA: Naxals are brave people and are doing 'tapasya' in jungle. They are fighting to make India free of inequality and poverty, Art of Living (AoL) founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar said here on Sunday.\"Like you, I also want India to be free from poverty, corruption, casteism and disparity. But I do not support your (read Maoist) ways to achieve these goals. Your ways are wrong,\" Sri Sri said at the satsang organized by AOL at the veterinary college ground here on Sunday. The satsang titled \"Ashirwad\" was attended by thousands of devotees.A group of Naxals were to surrender before him at the satsang. They, however, could not do so due to some unavoidable circumstances, the godman informed devotees.Expressing grief at the incident of Naxal violence in Garhwa district of Jharkhand, in which about a dozen policemen were killed, he called upon the Naxals to join the society's mainstream. \"I am with you,\" he said.Perhaps with the recent anti-corruption campaign and related developments at the back of his mind, the spiritual guru said that a strong law cannot remove corruption, and suggested a way to end all corruption. \"Law is the cure of a disease (corruption). But spirituality does not allow any disease to exist,\" he said and made all the devotees present to take a pledge not to accept and give bribes.\"A ruler cannot be a reformer, and a reformer cannot be a ruler,\" Sri Sri said adding, however, that the ruler should take advice from the reformer.Earlier, the spiritual guru was welcomed at the satsang by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, chairman of the Bihar legislative council Tara Kant Jha and speaker of Bihar legislative assembly Uday Narayan Chaudhary.Appreciating Bihar's development, Sri Sri said: \"A lot has been done. But a lot also remains to be done. Biharis are very resilient. You have come here through many challenges. Don't lose your resilience.\" He also made the devotees to take a pledge to keep the city clean.He asked every devotee to contribute in keeping the city clean by giving just two hours of physical labour every month. \"Many cities have done it successfully. You should follow suit,\" the devotees were told.Sri Sri also suggested ways of success to devotees. \"You can get what you want if you have pure faith, enduring patience and good discretion.\"Meanwhile, a group of over 100 devotees from Taiwan and China also sought blessings of Sri Sri. The foreign nationals joined Sri Sri in chanting mantras and singing devotional songs here.Answering questions from devotees, Sri Sri said: \"The purpose of life should be satisfaction instead of fame, money and power. You should always consult your conscience to make right decisions. You should accept criticism, you should live in the present, you should maintain your mental integrity, you should accept others the way they are and later try to change them.\"Giving the mantra to remain peaceful, the godman said: \"You should be ready to undertake greater responsibility in life if you expect great things to happen. It will make you peaceful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11584529", "title": "Drugs kingpin Shamim arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Friday night arrested one Mohammad Shamim from the Taltala area for stealing a laptop. However, it was found during interrogation that Shamim is a notorious smuggler who was involved in the powerful inter-state hashish smuggling racket and slipped off Narcotics Control Bureau's (NCB) custody in November last year.Shamim was produced in the City Metropolitan Court on Saturday and remanded in NCB custody. Sources in the narcotics department said they were trying to clamp down on the racket for the past few months. It is active in hashish peddling in central Kolkata.\"The main clients of the racket were foreign tourists who check into different central Kolkata hotels. During raids, some small peddlers were rounded up. But Shamim, one of its kingpins, remained elusive,\" said an NCB officer.In November last year, NCB intercepted Shamim along with a hashish consignment near Park Circus. But he managed to slip away when NCB officials were taking him to court. Since then, he was absconding and a lookout notice was issued for him.\"A case had been registered against Shamim after he fled, leaving the 1-kg consignment of hashish,\" said Subrata Biswas, NCB director, Kolkata.NCB sources confirmed that Shamim was among the main racketeers who smuggle hashish from Himachal Pradesh, the largest producer of such cannabis.The racket would smuggle 15 to 20 kg of hashish at a time, said an NCB officer. The officials suspect the same racket is involved in supplying drugs to different private and hookah parties - posh parties where people consume different high-end drugs, including cocaine.Earlier, Kolkata Police had also intercepted some small peddlers but the main chain remained untouched. City NCB officials have reason to believe that more people are involved and are liaising with their Himachal Pradesh counterparts to trace the main supply chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583363", "title": "Kanpur bar association elections: 35 nominations filed", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 35 contestants have filed the nomination papers on the first day of the nomination process for Kanpur bar association on Saturday.Tarunendra Bajpai and Ramendra Singh Katiyar filed their papers for the post of president. Dinesh Kumar Shukla, Peeyush Awasthi and Sarvesh Kushwaha became the contenders for the post of general secretary.According to elders committee which is conducting the election there are five nominations filed for senior vice president's post while three lawyers filed nomination for junior vice-president. Two papers were filed for the post of treasurer and same number of nominations submitted for the post of secretary.The KBA elections are slated to be held on February 1. The committee had fixed two days to file nominations. Chairman of elders committee Ram Balak Mishra said that the final list of candidates would be released on January 23.The strength of lawyers had been increased in comparison to last year. Last year, there were 3,233 lawyers. This year, the figure is 4,238.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584640", "title": "Citizens slam cops for 'moral policing'", "text": "NAGPUR: The action taken by the social service branch of city police, rounding up 30 couples at Telangkhedi garden on Friday, has attracted strong reactions from a cross-section of the society.While a section of the activists lambasted cops for initiating moral policing by targeting couples, a few others supported the action.Activist and advocate Tushar Mandlekar severely criticized cops' action and challenged its legal validity. \"Dragging couples to police station from the park is a direct violation of Article 21 of the Indian Constitution that relates to right to life. I would love to file a writ against police if an aggrieved party approaches me,\" said Mandlekar. \"It is no one's business to interfere in the decision of two adults. Stopping them from doing whatever they liked is an infringement of their privacy,\" he said.Another activist Madhuri Sakulkar of Bharatiya Stree Shakti said that stopping lovers would serve no purpose if the police cannot stop television or films showing vulgar scenes. \"Provide couples lovers' zone or else leave them alone. It is the parents who should be alert about their children and ensure that they are engaged in right activities,\" said Sakulkar.Political activist Deepak Wankhede, a resident of Seminary Hills, said that the police know what the situation is at places like Telangkhedi and Botanical gardens. Why the couples are then not stopped in the first place, he asked.\"Some 20% of the couples indulge in excesses while the rest spend quality time with each other. Most of the couples are students from different hostels who cannot afford visiting hotels and restaurants. Gardens offer them an opportunity to be together at affordable cost,\" said Wankhede.Another critic, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, wondered why the police were not raiding the mushrooming dens of flesh trade and red-light areas to rescue minors instead of chasing innocent couples.Nuzhat, an arts student, favoured police action. \"Even when two persons are in relationship they must stick to sobriety and not cross limits at public places.Police have done their duty by taking cognizance of something which do not conform to certain laws. Now the police should ensure that the guilty are not allowed to go unpunished,\" she said.Sharique Ahmed, a student of Government Medical College and Hospital, said that the police do not bother those who are following a level of decency.\"If someone is found behind bushes then something is fishy. People who prefer benches than bushes don't face the stick for sure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "11590621", "title": "Consulate general organizing 5-day Indian food festival in Jeddah", "text": "JEDDAH: Indian consulate general in Jeddah is organizing a 5-day Indian food festival in cooperation with ELaf Jeddah hotel. The event will take place at Elaf Jeddah hotel at Red Sea Mall from 8 pm to 2 am.The menu will feature an array of all-authentic delicacies from different regions of India. Three renounced chefs -- Kirti Rastogi (specialist in Awadhi and North-West Frontier cuisine), GP Ayichthu (expert in preparing delectable south Indian fares) and Raju Chauhan (expert in north Indian food like curry and tandoor dishes) -- will be coming specially for the festival, a press note from the consulate general disclosed.The event will also have live cooking demonstrations making it exciting for not only food lovers, but also for those who want to see how the renowned chefs prepare their famous dishes.The festival coincides with the occasion of the 63rd Republic Day of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588739", "title": "Anjali goes back to her roots", "text": "Actress Anjali debuted in the industry with a Telugu film, Photo, and moved on to Kollywood, where she made a name for herself.And now, after almost four years, she has gone back to her roots and signed a Telugu film, Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu. Over the past few weeks, there has been speculation that Trisha would be playing the female lead opposite Tollywood star Venkatesh in this multi-starrer. Now, it has been officially confirmed by producer Dil Raju, who is shooting for the film in Visakhapatnam, that Anjali will indeed be playing the female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584272", "title": "'Deras should leave politics to parties'", "text": "In this season of politics, netas are making a beeline for the five poll-bound states. BJP's Rajya Sabha opposition leader Arun Jaitley, who is touring Punjab, told I P Singh how CM Parkash Badal's image will help the combine and how he feels 'deras' should keep away from politics. Excerpts...What are your main planks in this election? There are three larger parts - we are the incumbent government, which has a good track record in delivery of development and governance. Face of Punjab has changed with major infrastructure development both in urban and rural sectors. Third, as a part of national politics, we are also seeking vote of disapproval against the Central government.BJP has been projecting the personality of Parkash Singh Badal in its campaign... BJP has two towering leaders, Atal Behari Vajpayee and L K Advani. From a national perspective and contribution to the national polity, Badal is of the same stature. His acceptability in SAD and BJP is same and acceptance of both the parties in the society has also increased with Badal leading the alliance. Badal had major contribution in connecting Akali movement to national politics and in that biggest defining movement was the anti-Emergency satyagraha by Akali Dal, which was the longest satyagraha in the country.But then came Operation Bluestar and militancy in Punjab when SAD faced isolation at national level... Operation Bluestar and militancy were major challenges for Punjab and Congress owes historical responsibility for these blunders. Op Bluestar hurt. It was detrimental to larger public interest.But Advani, in his autobiography 'My Country, My Life' has said BJP pressurized Indira Gandhi for Army action. BJP and SAD have been feeling uncomfortable in explaining this in Punjab. We wanted action against terrorists and there could be various ways of fighting them. History has proved that Army action was completely will advised, ill thought out and wrongly executed and nobody is even debating it to prove otherwise. Advaniji's views should be seen only in the perspective of extension of BJP's strong stand against terrorism. BJP never supported Operation Bluestar.Some 'deras' are indulging in politics and are telling people that they will decide on parties and candidates to whom they will extend support... n 'Deras' are also part of free society and nobody can object to their right to take decisions. Some institutions and organizations are doing good work in religious and social sectors and it will be better if they focus on these sectors. It will be better if 'deras' leave politics for political parties. They should not directly participate in politics. They are entitled to the respect of all and they should continue getting that.BJP has made corruption a major issue but in Punjab it has given ticket to tainted Raj Khurana from Rajpura who was booked by CBI in a corruption case? We have examined all facts pertaining to any such person. The party carries an independent assessment to find out if such charges are sustainable or were pressed just for propaganda. CBI could not file a charge-sheet against Khurana till date.CBI had some phone recordings, which incriminated Khurana and reflected his indulgence in corruption... CBI is yet to produce any shred of evidence after registering the case. Sometimes, agencies are also vulnerable to publicity in media.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11585718", "title": "Fest adds zest to students\u2019 lives", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thirteen students of BCM Arya Model Senior Secondary School (Shastri Nagar) had amazing six days of their lives when they went to Dubai shopping festival. They came back with loads of memories and unforgettable experiences.Sanchay Kalra of Model Town said the trip was great fun. \"One of the best things was Desert Safari. We swirled around in a land cruiser as it rode the waves of the desert, indulged in sand boarding and quad biking, rode a camel, dressed like a Bedouin, posed with a falcon and experimented with brilliant sunset photography. We enjoyed belly dancing, henna painting and traditional Arabic delicacies also,\" said Sanchay.Ekampreet Singh of Dugri said it tough to come back. \"I had fun in Aquaventure, Dubai Mall, Burj Khalifa and other renowed places of Dubai,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11584602", "title": "No security for MLAs, former ministers: Panel", "text": "PANAJI: At a security review committee meeting to look into the threat perception to politicians in the state, it was decided that the security given to MLAs and former ministers should be withdrawn. This decision was taken based on a report prepared by the police and intelligence bureau (IB) which revealed no threat perception to the politicos. The report also stated that ministers should be given only 'Y' security as there is no major threat to their lives.Sources said that it was contended during the meeting that ministers should be given only 'Y' security and that excess security should be withdrawn. 'Y' category includes a security cover of one police security officer and an armed guard. \"It was observed that the policemen posted with politicians were doing petty work for them and were even involved in election campaign work. This is unbecoming of a policeman. Hence, it was decided that they will be instructed to strictly adhere to their task of only ensuring the security of the politician with who they are posted,\" said an official.\"At present, security is given to most of the MLAs from the ruling party,\" another official said.The security review committee meeting was held on January 18 and has IGP Sanjay Singh as its chairman. It also has special secretary (home) and IB as its members, besides district SPs, SP (special branch) and SP (security).The meeting was called following instructions from the election commission (EC) to the police to check the misuse of security persons for election campaigns.At the meeting, it was also decided that police security to home minister Ravi Naik's son Ritesh would be withdrawn as there is no threat to his life. It was also decided to re-check the threat perception to Naik's younger son Roy. \"Also, the security provided to former ministers will be withdrawn,\" said sources. At present, former ministers Eduardo Faleiro, Luizinho Faleiro and Wilfred D'Souza are provided police security.The security review committee also established that some officials representing the government have either more police security than they are entitled to or have police security sans any threat perception. \"This includes advocate general Subodh Kantak. He is supposed to have only a police security officer (PSO), as he has been given 'X' category security. However, he also has some armed guards who will now be withdrawn,\" sources said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583818", "title": "Man left to die instead of being taken to hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who owned a small catering business could never have imagined the insensitivity of some fellow Delhiites. Hit by a Maruti van, he had suffered fractures while returning to his residence at Bhajanpura Chowk. A crowd had gathered and forced the car's driver to come out of his vehicle when an assistant sub inspector - off duty at that time - requested the accused himself to rush the victim to a nearby hospital. Instead of receiving medical care 55-year-old Pradeep Rathore, the accident victim, breathed his last 12 hours later, lying beside an open canal in the extreme cold, having not even been provided the basic first aid.Instead of rushing Rathore to the hospital, the driver, identified as Mohammad Anwar (23) had panicked, connived with his car owner Abbas Ali (34) and then threw the victim into a bush fearing they might be caught by the police and arrested. The driver and his employer have now been arrested - and a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder - has been slapped against them. A conviction could even see them imprisoned for life. If arrested earlier, the driver would have faced a maximum of six months in prison.Recounting the chain of events, DCP (northeast) Sanjay Kumar Jain said that Rathore was walking near the Bhajanpura Chowk returning to his Mayur Vihar residence when the car hit him from behind on January 16.\"It was late in the evening and immediately hundreds of people converged at the spot. The PCR was called but one of our ASIs present there felt the victim needed immediate medical attention so he asked Anwar to rush him to the hospital. Minutes later, when the PCR reached the spot, the cops were told that the accused had taken Rathore to hospital. However, when we began to search for the victim at all the hospitals in the area, we could not find him anywhere. We checked with his friends and relatives but no one had a clue as to where he had gone. An accident case was registered at the Khajuri Khas police station as per the statement of the caller and investigations began,'' said Jain.Cops then began to trace the accused car as they had the registration number. When the RTO was contacted by SI Dharamveer it was found that the car was brought by someone at Bahadurgarh. \"We found finally traced the car to Mustafabad. The accused Abbas owns a cab service and was afraid his car would be seized by the police if he was arrested,\" said Jain.On sustained interrogation, Anwar disclosed that after the accident occured, he was worried that he would be beaten by the mob that had crowded around his car. But after leaving the spot with Rathore he immediately contacted his employer Abbas who asked him to meet him some kilometers ahead at Jyoti Nagar. They decided to take the vehicle to a deserted road near the Kardampuri canal where they dumped Rathore, who all the while pleaded for his life. The fact that he was immobile meant the victim faced a bitter death before passersby found him the next morning and reported the matter to the police,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11583188", "title": "Republic Day celebrations: NE rebels give joint boycott call", "text": "GUWAHATI: Seven militant outfits of poll-bound Manipur have joined hands with five other rebel groups of the northeastern region and called for a mass boycott of Republic Day celebrations in the entire northeast.The seven Meitei outfits, who have recently formed a coordination committee named CorCom, has issued an indefinite ban on campaigning by the ruling Congress in the state. The CorCom comprises Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP), Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (KYKL), People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (PREPAK), PREPAK (Pro), Revolutionary People's Front (RPF), United National Liberation Front (UNLF) and United People's Party of Kangleipak (UPPK) and has asked in its diktat in Manipur on January 8 that those defying the ban would be punished.The five other outfits include the anti-talks faction of Ulfa, Hynnewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO), National Liberation Front of Twipra (NLFT) and Tripura People's Democratic Front (TPDF).In an emailed statement, assistant publicity secretary of Ulfa hardliners, Arunodoy 'Asom' on Saturday said, \"The organizations have called for a mass boycott of Republic Day celebrations as a mark of resistance against Indian occupation of our region.\"Last year, three Meitei outfits - UNLF, RPF and PREPAK under one umbrella called Manipur People's Liberation Front (MPLF) - had called for boycott of Republic Day jointly with Ulfa, KLO, National Democratic Front of Boroland, NLFT and TPDF.\"The boycott call by NE militant outfits has been a routine call every year on Republic and Independence Day. This time, we are takinf extra precautions since Manipur is going to polls just two days after the Republic Day and seven most active outfits of the state are in the boycott call. There will be 350 additional companies of central paramilitary forces already deployed in the state apart from Manipur own forces,\" said a source in MHA.In the run-up to the polls in Manipur, at least four militants have been shot dead by security forces while rebels kidnapped several people associated with some candidates and also lobbed grenades at different locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kagwad(virpur)", "code": "11585692", "title": "Arise, awake &amp; hit back at injustice: Keshubhai to Leuva Patels", "text": "KAGWAD(VIRPUR): The ignominy of being erased from Gujarat's polity still seems to be stinging the grand old man of Gujarat BJP, Keshubhai Patel , who had once likened the situation in state to \" mini emergency.\"On Saturday, Patel sent out one of his sternest messages to the powerful Leuva community to rise against \"injustice\" and give back a fitting reply.\"Mahatma Gandhi told us that if someone slaps you, be ready for another slap. Even I agree, but when you are wrong and someone slaps you, give back two slaps,\" Patel told around 9 lakh Leuva Patels gathered here.Close to 10 years after Patel was unceremoniously ousted by chief minister Narendra Modi , Leuva Patels are still simmering and the BJP has also got the taste of their angst when its candidates had to bite the dust in the party's own bastion, Saurashtra in 2009 Lok Sabha polls.\"We (Leuva Patels) have suffered a lot. So, we need to get educated and aware. If you are alert, you will ask for your rights and nobody would dare you deprive you,\" the octogenarian politician said.At a time when all BJP leaders from Gujarat are talking about the state's development, Patel conspicuously chose to talk about the development works undertaken during his regime. He said that it was during his tenure that the \"black law\" of ban on land purchase within eight kms of the periphery of a village was abolished.\"I abolished it as farmers were unable to purchase agricultural land beyond the eight km area making their development restricted. Abolishing this resulted in farmers getting more price for their land,\" he said.Patel also urged the community members to \"give back\" to the society that benefits they received due to his socio-economic policies.\"I urge you to give at least 10 per cent of your wealth. This will be a huge some and I am sure it will touch Rs 100 crore,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11576387", "title": "Hrithik goes back to school", "text": "As a student, he hated going to school, sometimes feigning sickness to be able to stay back at home. However, this time round, it was an affair to remember...Last week, Hrithik Roshan revisited his school Bombay Scottish a good 25 years after he passed out from there. While Roshan Jr was there mainly as part of a tie-up with a news channel to promote his upcoming and much talked about film Agneepath, it turned out to be one heck of an emotional ride for the superstar. The school authorities happily granted his wish to meet his two favourite English teachers, Mrs Mosses and Mrs Beindish, who are now retired.A source close to Hrithik told us, \"He is someone who hated going to school as a kid and would have never imagined that he would visit school once again. His patent excuse was to fall sick... However, this time, he was extremely emotional when he visited the school and the places where he would hang out.\"Not one to pore into his books as a child, Hrithik still had his favourites namely his two English teachers. They came specially to meet their star student although they no longer teach there. \"Hrithik became extremely emotional, and it took him some time to get around to speaking about Agneepath for which he had primarily come,\" the source said.The students were delighted to have a star in their midst and some of them even danced to some of Hrithik's popular chartbusters, with the actor watching in rapt attention. Later, he was presented a memento by the principal, which he joked about as being his first ever prize from school.According to the source, \"Hrithik had some really fond memories of Bombay Scottish and was extremely thrilled to be there after so many years. He visited his old classrooms, and the teachers told him how he was probably the 'quietest student' they had ever had.\" The teachers requested him to attend the annual Founders Day which is held in March every year but he politely declined since he would be shooting for Krrish 3 around the same time. However he did promise them that he would make it next year.Despite our attempts to get in touch, Hrithik remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11585714", "title": "Asian water bird census to begin from Jan 14", "text": "COIMBATORE: Wetlands International in South Asia has organised the Asian water bird census from January 14 to 29 in the city in coordination with Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS).Avid birdwatcher and assistant professor at PSG College CR Jayaprakash said he had gone for a bird count at Irugur tank in the south eastern part of Coimbatore on Saturday. \"As much as 75 % of the tank surface was covered with water hyacinth. Hence there were only fewer birds. When I checked the outlet, I was shocked to find out the quality of water. It is milk coloured and that too was covered with froth,\" he said.As many 24 tanks in the city and its suburbs are being involved in the census. \"I observed 12 species of birds in Irugur tank,\" Jayaprakash said. \"But my friend Mohan Raj of Save Coimbatore Wetlands observed 30-40 species of birds in Kannampalayam tank,\" he added. \"We will pool the data on the last day and share it with the forest department.\"R Mohammed Saleem, president, environment conservation group and vice-president, Save Coimbatore Wetlands, said that like-minded organisations had held an orientation meeting on Friday. \"We formed teams of two and three guided by a person with prior experience. The exercise began at 6.30am and ended at 10.00am. We spotted 52 species of birds in various tanks,\" he said.Saleem also drew attention to the recent spotting of Bar Headed Goose and Black Stork in Tirupur. \"The number of geese spotted has increased from four last year to 32 this year. This is not good news. This might be due to loss of original habitats to real estate. It also could be due to global warming that these birds are migrating to north India from South India,\" he said.Bar Headed Goose flew to Tamil Nadu on their migratory route. \"But they had stopped doing so. Now they are back in large numbers. The phenomenon needs to be studied for the next four to five years. Only then can we know the pattern,\" added Saleem.A similar exercise was also carried out in Erode district. Forest officials from the region headed by conservator of forests D Arun began the exercise at 5am. \"They noticed 33,234 birds and 71 species of birds,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11585095", "title": "Meera and Akka rejected normal in pursuit of gods", "text": "JAIPUR: The devotional movement of Bhakti established by seers like Meera Bai and Akka Mahadevi was rejection of the normal.\"Bhakti of Akka and Meera is extreme insanity. Bhakti poets started speaking directly to the Gods and began questioning them,\" said HS Shivaprakash, the acclaimed poet and playwright from Karnataka while moderating the session 'Two lives: Meera Bai and Akka Mahadevi' at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Saturday.Meera, the 15th century princess from Rajasthan who turned seer in pursuit of lord Krishna, called herself prem diwani (a lovelorn) and wandered in cities and jungles, while Akka, the 12th century Karnataka seer gave up her clothes in submission to lord Shiva. \"When Akka's husband praised her beauty that aroused lust in men, she decided to live the rest of her life without clothes proving the triviality of the body,\" said poet Yatindra Mishra.Keshari stressed on how Meera erased the \"binary of men and women\", as except for Krishna she acknowledged no person as a man. \"Like Akka, she too rejected the gender,\" Keshari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11589224", "title": "Suspected Maoists abduct four persons including chairperson of district council in Garhwa", "text": "RANCHI: Suspected CPI (Maoist) have abducted four people from Garhwa including the chairperson of district council Sushma Mehta, her body guard Suresh Ram and two associates.Sources said that Mehta had also gone to Bargarh to negotiate with the villagers to lift the road blockade. As a local leader she was trying to convince the villagers to end the road blockade and allow movement of long distance passenger vehicles.In the meantime Maoists triggered a blast at Lalmatia killing 13 policemen including the officer-in-charge of Bhandaria police station on Saturday. \"Attention of everyone including policemen got diverted and probably the Maoists took the opportunity to abduct Mehta,\" said a source.Confirming the abduction of four people including Mehta, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said that they have received information about the kidnapping. \"We have launched operations in the area to ensure safe release of the district council chairperson and her associates,\" said the SP.However, he was not able to give any information about the time and place from where the district council chairperson was abducted. \"We got the information of her abduction late in the night and since then efforts have started for her safe return but there has been no communication of the abductors with her family,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11584557", "title": "Sri Sri refuses to join Anna's poll campaign", "text": "GAYA: Refusing to join the Anna Hazare-Ramdev combine's campaign in the five poll-bound states, Art of Living (AoL) founder Sri Sri Ravishankar proposed to work with the Maoists, provided the rebels shun violence as gun was not the answer to any problem.The AOL founder said he sympathized with the cause for which extremists were fighting, but disapproved the means adopted by them to achieve an otherwise laudable goal. He was interacting with the media at the Dalmia dharmshala here on Friday evening.Asked whether he would be joining Team Anna and Baba Ramdev in their campaign in the five poll-bound states, Sri Sri Ravishankar categorically said that he would not. However, he would like the voters to come out in full strength and vote for better candidates in these elections. On whether he approved the manner in which Baba Ramdev escaped from the Ramlila ground, he said that he was not interested in specifics and his broad concern was elimination of corruption.Asked about the apparent erosion in the credibility of godmen, Sri Sri said there were good people and bad people everywhere, including the spiritual arena. In a somewhat lighter vein, the holy man said that he considered everybody to be a godman as God was present everywhere.To a question why he lambasted bribe seekers but remained silent on the misdeeds of food adulterators, tax evaders, hoarders and black marketeers, the spiritual guru said that his definition of corruption was comprehensive enough to include all kind of wrong doers within its ambit.The godman made it clear that whereas his doors were open to all, including the corrupt, when it comes to donations, he was very particular in ensuring that tainted money does not reach him in the form of donations. Explaining his stand, Sri Sri said that he cannot show the door to the corrupt as the corrupt people need spiritual therapy to get rid of corrupting instincts. Can a doctor close the door on patients? asked Ravishankar.In his preliminary remarks, he said that though changes have taken place in Bihar, much needs to be done to effectively market the state in the international tourist-pilgrimage circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11584507", "title": "Govt panel to study safety of Chennai's heritage bldgs", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Saturday directed a three-member committee to look into the safety of heritage structures in Chennai and also conduct a technical study on Kalas Mahal of the Chepauk Palace that was ravaged in a fire last week. The team has been told to submit a report on Kalas Mahal within five days. No timeframe has been fixed for other buildings.This follows apprehensions raised by academicians, experts and citizens on the safety of the buildings of historic importance. The committee comprises A L Shantakumar, former dean (civil engineering), Anna University, CMDA chief planner and heritage committee chairman C Palanivelu and PWD engineer in chief (buildings) R Gopalakrishnan, said an official press note.The preliminary estimates revealed that the social welfare department and department of industry and commerce had incurred a loss of Rs 1.2 crore and 1.5 crore respectively in the accident. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa has released Rs 2.46 crore to both the departments to purchase furniture and stationery items immediately. The social welfare department is now housed at Chennai Corporation's primary school building at Chindadripet, while industry and commerce department is housed at Tamil Nadu State Cooperative Bank complex on South Canal Bank Road in Raja Annamalaipuram.Jayalalithaa also directed the departments concerned to conduct fire safety audits in every government building and keep all safety mechanisms in place to face the worst. All electrical appliances and connections have to be properly checked.Sources said nearly 20 buildings with heritage value, including the ones maintained by the state public works department, central public works department and other departments concerned and private institutions need a retrofitting immediately.These include Fort St George, which houses the state secretariat, and the Chepauk Palace on Kamarajar Salai. Educational institutions like University of Madras, Presidency College, Government College of Arts and Crafts in Egmore, Veterinary College in Vepery and Bharati Women's College in north Chennai form part of the heritage precincts. At the moment, only Ripon Buildings, the headquarters of Chennai Corporation, and Victoria Public Hall are being restored with the funds granted under the Centre's flagship programme Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11590723", "title": "JFK hearse sells for USD 160,000", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Cadillac hearse that carried the body of US President John F. Kennedy to Air Force One aircraft following his assassination in Dallas has been sold for a whopping USD 160,000.The car was sold at Barrett-Jackson auction company's annual Scottsdale collector car auction held yesterday in Scottsdale, Arizona.A Cadillac hearse like this would ordinarily be worth about USD 40,000 if not for its connection to the Kennedy assassination, CNNMoney quoted Jonathan Klinger of the collector car insurance company Hagerty Insurance as saying.The 1964 Cadillac hearse was built by the Miller-Meteor Company for display at the National Funeral Home Director's Convention which took place in Dallas in October, 1963. It was later purchased by the O'Neal Funeral Home.Weeks later, on November 22, Kennedy was shot and killed. O'Neal was asked to supply the hearse and casket to carry his body from Parkland Memorial Hospital to the Presidential jet.The O'Neal Funeral Home kept the hearse until the late 1960s when it was purchased by a noted hearse collector who, decades later, sold it to it the owner who consigned it for sale at the Barrett-Jackson event.The names of the seller and the buyer of the ambulance were not made public, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11584405", "title": "Chhattisgarh clinch Cooch Behar berth in style", "text": "RAIPUR: There was no contest for Chhattisgarh during the BCCI's Associate Under-19 Trophy tournament. The big difference in the standard between Chhattisgarh and other sides was evident on Saturday as well.The way Chhattisgarh won the one-sided match by nine wickets clearly showed they have come a long way and ready to rub the shoulders with other state sides in the next year's Under-19 Cooch Behar Plate Group Trophy.Chhattisgarh State Cricket Sangh president Baldev Singh Bhatia couldn't have asked for a better birthday present from his boys. The applause was deafening as soon as Bchief administrative officer Prof Ratnakar Shetty made the formal announcement after the match at the International Stadium in Parsada, New Raipur.Chhattisgarh's Under-22 side already played their first season in the BCCI's Col CK Nayudu Plate Group Trophy. Their women team provided a perfect icing on the cake on Saturday, winning the Associate Women's championship defeating Manipur in the final in Shilong.It surprised everyone when Chhattisgarh decided to put Meghalaya in, especially after their record-breaking effort on Friday. Chhattisgarh had scored 468-4 against Arunachal in their last match. However, itturned out to be a correct decision in the end. The wicket had something in it during the first hour and that's where Chhattisgarh sealed the match.When Meghalaya openers-Raj Biswa (33, 31b, 5x4) and Amiangshu Sen (2)-added 34 in 5.2 overs, it looked like Chhattisgarh will face some competition but once they were separated, it was altogether adifferent ball game. Meghalaya lost next four wickets for just 16 runs. Pacers Shahnawaz Hussain (3-25) and Aishwarya Marya (4-18) ran through the Meghalya batting line-up. Chaman Pushp (41, 63b, 6x4) andSwarajeet Das (22*) batted patiently during their 73-run sixth-wicket partnership but the story was same once the offie Mohd Irfan (3-19) made the breakthrough. Meghalaya lost their last five wickets for just four runs. The visitors managed 127 in 38.4 overs.Chhattisgarh achieved the target in just 20 overs. Chhabi Jalkshatri (72, 72b, 12x4) and wicketkeeper-batsman Ian Coaster (30, 39b, 2x4, 1x6) added an unbroken 100-run stand to lead their team to title victory.BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale praised the effort of Chhattisgarh boys. \"They were deserving champions. I must say they are at par with the other Plate Group teams. It's because of the cricket culture they have it here. The north east sides are still getting in terms with cricket. It's a process for them but that can't take anything away from Chhattisgarh,\" Jagdale told TOI.Brief scoresMeghalaya 127 in 38.4 overs (Chama Pushp 41, Raj Biswa 33, Swarajeet Das 22*; Shahnawaz Hussain 3-25, Aishwarya Marya 4-18, Mohd Irfan 3-19) lost to Chhattisgarh 128-1 in 20 overs (Chhabi Jalkshatri 72*,Ian Coaster 30*; Amiang Shusen 1-28) by nine wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11591141", "title": "Republic Day parade rehearsal: Traffic to be hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters headed to central Delhi may face traffic troubles tomorrow morning due to the full dress rehearsal of Republic Day parade.Delhi traffic police has issued traffic advisory specifying curbs on movement of vehicles due to the rehearsal and have asked people to avoid the parade route from Rajpath to Red Fort.From 10 am, traffic on Tilak Marg, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg and Netaji Subhash Marg will not be allowed in both directions.But cross traffic will be allowed taking into consideration the parade position.Motorists have been advised to plan their journey and avoid the parade route from 9.30 am to 12 noon.No traffic will be allowed from Vijay Chowk to India Gate on Rajpath from 5 am to 12.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584815", "title": "Banks drag feet on sick industrial units' revival", "text": "PATNA: The state government's apex committee for rehabilitation of sick industrial units had in 2010 recommended rehabilitation of seven viable small industrial units, but they have not been revived yet due to lack of loans from banks and financial institutions.Director, industries, Bimlanand Jha, who is chairman of the apex committee, has called its meeting again on January 24, in which banks will participate, being the committee members. Jha said the apex committee has sought to know from the banks the measures they had taken to finance the seven viable sick units. The committee, which also includes representatives of the RBI, Bihar Industries Association (BIA), CII and other industrialists' associations, would on January 24 discuss threadbare the measures, if any, taken by banks to give loans for revival of viable sick industries.The state government's Industrial Incentive Policy provides for revival of sick industrial units as an important ingredient for industrial development in the state. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , industry minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha and principal secretary, industries, C K Mishra, have, on several occasions, spoken about banks' apathetic attitude towards revival of viable sick industries, but nothing has moved.Modi had brought the issue of revival of sick units on the agenda of State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC), said the convener of the apex committee and director of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) Development Institute, D K Singh. The SLBC is likely to take up this matter, he added.In 2010, after one to one assessment and verification of more than a hundred sick industrial units, seven viable sick industrial units were recommended for rehabilitation, Singh said. The recommendation was as per RBI guidelines - that their net worth should be more than 50% of the revival cost, they should be under production for a minimum of two years and their defaulting time should not be more than six years.The officials of RBI and banks were present at the apex committee meeting, and were party to the recommendation, Singh said. However, he added, the banks doubt credit worthiness of the industrial units due to liquidation of their liabilities under the One Time Settlement (OTS) scheme of the banks.Singh said that at an Empowered Committee meeting, chaired by RBI regional director, the banks had agreed that despite getting OTS if the said seven small industrial units had merit, they would be financed for their revival. Even after this, banks had shown disinclination to extend loans to them, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584368", "title": "Two convicted in Ayurveda scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: A special court in Lucknow on Saturday convicted and sentenced two persons in connection with Ayurveda scam. Special judge SC Kulshrestha sentenced Subhash Singh and his father Prem Pratap Singh for supplying medicines and medical kits on the basis of fake documents, in connivance with regional Ayurveda and Unani officer of Basti district.The court awarded four-year jail term and Rs 50,000 fine to Subhash, whereas two years imprisonment and Rs 50,000 fine to Prem Pratap.The court granted interim bail to Prem Pratap on Saturday itself. The then Ayurveda minister Balram Yadav and secretary medical education RK Sharma, though had been chargesheeted by CBI in the scam had got clean chit owing to lack of prosecution sanction. There are still 30 cases being tried by the special judge in connection with the scam.According to special public prosecutor of CBI, Lalit Kumar Singh, an FIR was lodged by the then deputy secretary Yashowardhan Sinha with Hazratganj police on August 6, 1996. Later on the directives of the high court, the matter was entrusted to the CBI, which filed as many as 35 chargesheets and additional chargesheets since 1997. The CBI had chargesheeted about 205 accused in the matter.A special court was constituted by the state government to conduct trial of these accused. Several accused got discharged due to lack of prosecution sanction and a few accused died pending trial.There are still 180 accused, who are facing trial in the scam, which was estimated to be around 26 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11585353", "title": "Lady luck smiles on vegetable seller, wins Rs 1 crore lottery", "text": "SIRSA: Lady luck smiled on a roadside vendor when he got a call about winning a Rs 1 crore lottery on Friday evening. A resident of Kalanwali, he has won the Lohri bumper lottery of Punjab state lotteries.Bhagat Ram, who sells vegetables near the Kalanwali railway station and has been buying lottery tickets for the last 15 years said, \"This time too I bought a bumper lottery ticket. I had expected to win a prize of not more than Rs 1 lakh. But now with God's grace, I have won a big amount and will be able to handle all my family responsibilities well. \"He added, \"I'll be able to get my daughter who had dropped out of school to resume her studies. My eldest daughter, Seema, wanted to study but had to give up her studies due to my meager income. My younger daughter Shivani and son are studying in classes VI and IV respectively. Now I can give the best education to my children and this is going to be my only mission and investment for now.''Ram had bought a ticket from Bhatinda before Lohri. And on Friday, he got a call from the ticket- seller, telling him that he had won the Rs 1 crore bumper prize.As word spread, his relatives and friends came to his house to congratulate him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11588728", "title": "Meghna Raj's unfulfilled desire", "text": "The Kadhal Solla Vandhen girl says she'd love to try her hand at playback singing...Considering that she is from a family of actors (she's the daughter of Sundar Raj and Pramila Joshai), Meghana Raj's entry into films was rather easy. But the actress maintains it was a struggle to sustain herself as an actress.The pretty girl has worked in all the four south Indian languages. After being in seen in Tamil in Kaadhal Solla Vandhen, Uyarthiru 420, Nandha Nandhitha and Kalla Siripazhaga, the girl is awaiting the release of Krishnaleelai with Jeevan. Ask her if she sees any difference in the working pattern in the four industry and she says, \"Malayalam films are very raw and the working style is completely different. Tamil and Telugu films have a combination of commercial and realistic projects.\"Even as she's busy with Malayalam and Tamil films, Meghna says she regrets not doing many Kannada flicks. \"Being a Kannadiga, filmmakers have always expected a lot from me. Though there have been good offers, I wasn't able to take them up as I was busy with other movies. However, I am keen on signing good projects in the future. If I do a Kannada film, it has to be the best,\" she smiles.And it looks like producer Nagashekar's upcoming film, Mynaa, made enough of an impression on the actor for her to play the female lead in it. \"After watching Sanju Weds Geetha, I was very impressed with Nagashekar's work. Mynaa also has an emotional connect as the film is about two people who are deeply in love. It has a lot of scope for performance and I am excited about working on the film,\" says Meghana.Meghana adds that she'd like to sing for films too. \"Nobody really knows that I can sing. I want to try my hand at playback singing as well,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584564", "title": "Submit affidavit if fighting NMC polls on reserved seat", "text": "NAGPUR: District collector Saurabh Rao has amended his order for candidates of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections seeking caste validity certificates. Earlier, these candidates were required to submit the receipt of nominated forms purchased by them. Now they can submit an affidavit stating that they were seeking this certificate only for contesting NMC elections.Rao had issued a circular making it compulsory to submit the receipt along with other required documents by 2pm on January 22 for zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) candidates and same time on January 23 for NMC candidates. However, political parties pointed out that as the sale of nomination forms for NMC elections would start only from January 24, the collector amended his order.The NMC candidates not having caste validity certificates will have only two days to get an affidavit prepared.Rao said that this condition was required to avoid rush of other persons for the certificate. \"We had a lot of problems dealing with large number of applications in last elections.\"The Mumbai high court recently had empowered the district collectors to deal with the candidates who did not caste validity certificates. Many candidates contesting from reserved category have been disqualified in the past when their caste certificates were found to be invalid. This led to by-polls and unnecessary burden on administration and tax payers. Many NMC by-polls had to be held when caste certificates of Halba corporators who had contested from seats reserved for STs were found to be invalid.4050 EVMs from Nagpur to other districtsThe State Election Commission (SEC) has directed Nagpur district administration to provide 4,050 excess electronic voting machines (EVMs), available with it, to five neighbouring districts. This is a part of the SEC's exercise to provide requisite number of machines to all districts. Amravati district will be given 1,100 EVMs, Chandrapur - 900, Buldhana - 400, Wardha - 750 and Yavatmal - 900. In Vidarbha Akola and Washim districts also have excess EVMs.SEC has directed that these EVMs should be shifted only after doing data entry in EVM tracking software. The total requirement of EVMs for local body elections as on date is 1,30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11585069", "title": "Citizens launch Save Lokayukta campaign", "text": "BANGALORE: Like-minded citizens in Bangalore came together to launch a Save Lokayukta campaign on Saturday and urged both the state government and the governor to end the impasse over the appointment of the Karnataka Lokayukta, a post vacant for the past five months.\"Citizens do not accept the current stalemate and will hold elected representatives and public servants accountable for not appointing someone critical for the progress of our state where a new scam emerges every day,\" says a resolution at the meeting.The campaign will also hold a citizens' meeting with the chief minister, Chief Justice of Karnataka and leader of the opposition and the governor to express the wishes of the people as well as to impress upon them the urgency of moving on from the current stalemate..\"Citizens will also reserve the right, if the stalemate is not resolved at the earliest, to take other available measures as part of the campaign,\" the meeting resolved.For most of the past decade, the Karnataka Lokayukta was the most respected anti-corruption institution led by strong judges committed to root out corruption. Every right-thinking citizen is deeply agitated by the damage done to the institution of the Lokayukta by keeping the primary post of Lokayukta vacant, along with almost one-third other posts vacant.Core committeeH S Doreswamy, R K Misra, Jayashree J N, S R Hiremath, S K Kantha V Balasubramaniam, M F Saldanha, Michael FernandesQuote hangerThe previous Lokayuktas dealt with thousands of cases. Now, nobody is going there. The government is trying to devalue the institution .There are so many retired judges who fit the post. We have suggested 5-6 names including Justices B N Srikrishna, Arijit Passayat, N K Sodhi and B P Singh. But the government doesn't have the will. There is a tug of war between the government and the governor.H S Doreswamy | freedom fighterCommon citizens have suffered the most due to corruption. The tug of war between the governor and the chief minister is most unfortunate and the people are fed up. Thanks to the fight between BJP and Congress, we're not getting a Lokayukta .Our forefathers would have never imagined that democracy would come down to this level. Such is the power of the Lokayukta that it sent a CM to jail.R K Misra | founder of NGO SahyogThere is a consistent effort to weaken the institution of the Lokayukta. The committee appointed by the government with regard to the interim report given by Justice Santosh N Hegde did not show an iota of will to implement the specific recommendations. They interfered with the institution by transferring P Mohanty and Jeevan Kumar Gaonkar, the two officers manning Lokayukta investigation once an FIR was filed against former CM Yedyurappa.S R Hiremath | petitioner who filed a PIL in the Supreme Court on illegal miningWhen the AT Ramaswamy committee on land encroachment gave a report recommending recovery of land, they formed a committee, The task force gave a report stating that 12 lakh acres of government land valued at Rs 1,89,212 crore as per guidance value is under encroachment. The government promptly abolished the committee. They instead appointed three sub-committees. It's like appointing a fox to guard a poultry farm. The government work culture is progressively deteriorating.V Balasubramaniam | former additional chief secretary, Karnataka governmentThe Lokayukta post is most important as a watch dog. Keeping the post vacant is unpardonable. There are 50 names of judges available for the post. Keeping the post vacant means compounding illegality and perpetuating the same. Recommending a person who will toe your line is also a corrupt act.Justice M F Saldanha | retired HC judge", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584180", "title": "Rabbi's heart, guitar strum for Punjab", "text": "After having sung about friendship, identity crisis, rootless-ness and all that is plaguing the society today, this urban balladeer would now love to write a song for the Punjabis on the eve of Assembly elections.While Rabbi Shergill's ire against the present political lot would definitely make interesting lyrics and melodies, but woe begone for politicians, if he actually got down to carrying out his 'threat' of writing songs on the election scene in this poll season.Read on...\"We don't have honest representation. The ilk of politicians is the same everywhere. Both SAD-BJP and Congress governments in Punjab were no different,\" says the Delhi-based singer who grew up in Chak Sher Khan village in Ajnala tehsil of Amritsar in the 80s. \"People are participating (in the electoral process) just because they have no choice. We are only looking for a lesser evil, because the moral fibre of the present breed of leaders is very questionable.\"His main problem is with the sway \"that money has over the electoral process in the country. It's the worst-kept secret that people pay to buy a party's candidature. Right now, the figure being cited to me by my friends in media and society is Rs 8-10 crore that a politician pays in cash or kind to the parties or individuals to buy a ticket for MP elections.\"In this light, politicians exhorting youth to join election process sounds so hollow. From where do young, socially-oriented youth bring that kind of money, he asks. \"It's election time now in Punjab and I know from the past that daaru, bhukki (poppy husk) and currency would be freely distributed in villages like mine,\" says the social-activist artist who is registered as a voter in Delhi. Voters are at the mercy of politicians and corporates because the two join hands to make policies for mutual gains while keeping the common man out, he says.\"Worse still, the government is withdrawing from its primary duties, he says. So, be prepared to shell out hundreds for a small road journey between Chandigarh and Anandpur Sahib, which disintegrated within 6 months after it was built. Your blood curdles when you look at all this,\" he says while comparing primary and secondary health care in Punjab with that of sub-Saharan Africa.\"What kind of democracy is this when you go to your representative with a complaint, you get slapped by a burly village strong man,\" asks a worked-up Rabbi, referring to the recent slapgate scandal in Punjab. Although he doesn't really see any churning taking place in the near future, Rabbi does find hope in the collective will of people.\"Anna Hazare's movement has shown us that public has tremendous power to demand probity as its birth right. People should first say no to those who buy our representations (from their parties).\"His advise to voters is start looking for candidates who are committed, have experience of social work and not those riding their Pajeros and Hondas. \"I would look for commitment, simplicity and background in social work. The person has to be informed (not educated necessarily) and articulate because he has to legislate for us tomorrow. He has to be passionate about people's cause,\" he lists.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11592706", "title": "Disabled to get limbs at doorsteps in Gurgaon, Faridabad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From now on, physically handicapped persons in four districts of Haryana - Faridabad, Gurgaon, Mewat and Palwal - need not go to hospitals to get artificial limbs.A mobile van equipped with artificial limbs and state-of-the-art machinery would provide these limbs to the such persons at their door-steps.A memorandum of understanding to this effect was today signed by Deputy Commissioner-cum-Chairman, District Red Cross Society, Faridabad, Rakesh Gupta and Chairman, R P S Infrastructure Ltd, a private company, Shanti Parkash Gupta in Faridabad, according to an official release here.Rakesh Gupta said 'Sakshamta Mission' had been launched for the welfare of physically challenged persons.Under the mission, a mobile van equipped with automatic German machines would go to the door-steps of the physically challenged persons to provide artificial limbs to them.He said keeping in view the inconvenience faced by the physically challenged persons, this step was the need of the hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11583815", "title": "Voter cards riddled with errors", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration is in overdrive preparing for the forthcoming Assembly elections, voter identity cards being distributed among the citizens are riddled with mistakes like incomplete addresses, wrongly spelt names and dates of birth. Multiple visits to the electoral registration office to get their identity cards rectified are only adding to the woes of citizens. Many residents are even being asked to buy the 'free' forms required to correct the errors.On February 28, more than 10 lakh voters are expected to cast their ballot at a thousand polling booths in Gautam Buddh Nagar. Rampant cases of discrepancies in ID cards are being reported from across Noida as well as Greater Noida. Common mistakes in about 90 per cent of the ID cards have occurred in columns pertaining to names, residential address, relationship and date of birth.\"My name has been spelt wrongly and my date of birth is incomplete with only the year mentioned on the card,\" said Shailander Singh of Sector 50. \"To go through the correction procedure is time-consuming,\" added another resident, Dharamrajan Shankaran, who faced the same problem.\"This amounts to public harassment. How can they make such mistakes with such an important card,\" asks SK Kalra, a resident of Greater Noida whose voter ID shows only his name without a surname. \"There should be an authority in the government to take strict action against these errors,\" said Jagdish Singh, who has made three futile attempts to get his card rectified.Upendra Kumar Bharadwaj from Sector 34, says, \"The most important prerequisite for a fair election are the voter cards, and a near farcical situation exists in their preparation in GBN\". Bharadwaj and his wife received two voter ID cards each from the district officials. \"I received my EPIC a few days ago and was aghast to receive two voter ID cards instead of one. My wife too has received two cards. When I brought it to the notice of the district officials, they said we could keep both but use only one for voting,\" Bharadwaj said.The situation is not much different for Sanjiv Sagar and his family as even though he has his voter card, the names of his entire family are missing from the voter list.Cases of harassment at Jan Suvidha counters seem to be increasing as even the correction forms - required by the people to correct the errors in the voter ID cards - are being sold instead of being distributed free. \"These forms are supposed to be distributed free of cost but we are being charged anything between Rs 5 to 15 from touts as officials at the election centres say they have run out of these forms,\" said another resident of Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11583104", "title": "I-T revokes attachment notice against HMDA", "text": "HYDERABAD: The income-tax (I-T) department has reactivated frozen bank accounts of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) after the authority failed to pay the tax demand raised by the department.Earlier, the IT department had issued a notice demanding payment of Rs 383 crore towards income tax for the 2007-08 fiscal towards sale proceeds of land and plots on behalf of the Andhra Pradesh government.The HMDA had not paid the tax saying that the authority had acted as an agent of the government and remitted the funds to the state's exchequer, which is not taxable and also because of the critical financial position of HMDA. In December, the income tax department froze HMDA's bank accounts at Indian Overseas Bank and State Bank of Hyderabad. Then, the HMDA had approached the chief minister who in turn wrote a letter to Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. Now, the chief minister has constituted a high-level committee, comprising principal secretary of finance department as chairman, principal secretary of municipal administration and urban development department and metropolitan commissioner of HMDA as members, to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583434", "title": "Secure number plates by March 31 now", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department has gone back to the drawing board for high-security registration plate scheme. It came out with a new tender on Saturday, searching for another vendor, months after it had asked DIMTS to implement the project.DIMTS, which had sub-contracted the work, wasn't allowed to implement the project, as the court had recommended a single vendor for the secure number plates project. Now, the government is hoping to have the HSRP project in place by March 31.A senior government official said, \"We hope to select a new vendor in a month's time and notify the high-security registration plate scheme by March 31.\" The earlier deadline had been December 31, 2011, set by the Supreme Court. The new deadline was granted by the court on Friday, when the transport department asked for more time to implement the project. It had admitted that the existing project had more than a single vendor and, therefore, was not following the recommendations of the court.The HSRP project was earlier to be implemented by DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System). However, with the court recommending a single vendor process for the HSRP, the agreement with DIMTS had to be dropped, officials said. \"Supreme Court has recommended that a single vendor procure and install the registration plates. However, in the existing set-up, while DIMTS was to install the number plates, the procurement was sub-contracted to another vendor,\" the official added. Sources said that though the government had been keen to go ahead with the existing agreement, doubts were raised by the law department about the two-vendor process.HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles involved in crimes. Meanwhile, the rates have been decided, said sources. The vendor will charge between Rs 80 (for two wheelers) and Rs 230 (for four wheelers) while DIMTS is asking the government to pay it Rs 100 per plate for the embossing. This is besides the service tax that will be charged at the rate of 12%. \"The rate at which these registration plates will be available at the transport centres is around Rs 330-350,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11584428", "title": "\u2018Abducted\u2019 boy returns home after 80 days", "text": "HOWRAH: Police have rescued a 13-year-old boy from Uttar Pradesh two and a half months after he was allegedly abducted from outside his house at Salkia School Road in Ghashbagan. The boy's father has lodged a complaint against his own elder brother, accusing the latter of abducting his son for property. The authorities are looking for the accused and trying to verify the boy and his father's statements.Luv Kush Yadav, a Class-V student of a local English-medium school, went missing on November 1. His father Sobha Shankar Yadav, a transporter, lodged a missing diary with the Golabari police station on the same evening. On November 24, Yadav lodged another complaint, this time against his brother Jata Shankar, claiming that Luv had been abducted by him.A couple of days ago, police received information that Luv was at his maternal grandfather's place at Vindyachal in Uttar Pradesh. A police team from Howrah reached Vindyachal and brought the boy back. Once back home, Luv narrated the incidents of the last two and a half months.According to him, some unknown persons forced him into a car and drove away on November 1. When Luv tried to raise an alarm, the miscreants pressed a piece of cloth dipped in chemical against his nose. Luv claimed that he lost consciousness immediately. The miscreants allegedly took him to a house and kept him confined there till January 14.\"He told us that whenever he cried, the kidnappers would play loud music to muffle the sound. He also claimed that some men would ask him to sign on a blank piece of paper. We can't make out why somebody would want to make a minor sign on a piece of paper when his signature has no legal value. We are verifying all his statements,\" an officer said.On January 14, the miscreants apparently brought him out of the house and pushed him into an Ambassador car. They then drove away. On January 19, the group reached Mirzapur. It is unclear what happened after that but Luv claims that he succeeded in getting away from his captors and reached his maternal grandfather's house in Vindyachal. Police are checking to find out if he was helped by locals. When Yadav was questioned by the police, he maintained that Jata Shankar had masterminded the whole operations due to a property dispute. Jata Shankar is also involved in the transport business and the police are yet to bring him in for questioning.\"We are verifying all statements by the boy and his father. We are checking to see if there was any family dispute involved. We have already started an inquiry and everybody's statement will be recorded. We don't want to jump to any conclusion right now as most of the statements have been made by a 13-year-old boy,\" said Rashid Munir Khan, ADC (North), Howrah Town Police.We are verifying all statements given by the boy and his father. We are checking to see if there was any family dispute involved. We don't want to jump to any conclusion right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11583131", "title": "'I\u2019ve been in love with Naipaul for a long time'", "text": "Pola Oloixarac's critically acclaimed debut novel, The Wild Theories (Las Teorias Salvajes, 2008), has made her one of the most important young voices in literature coming out of South America today. She speaks to Archana Khare Ghose at the Jaipur literary fest about Marquez, the female body and Delhi marketsQ. For most Indian readers, South America is quite a 'dark continent' as far as its literature is concerned, though Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Mario Vargas Llosa are very popular here. What is the direction that young authors in South America are taking today?Politics is shaping the vision of young authors in almost all countries of South America. Leftist regimes are conquering country after country in Latin America through populist techniques and totalitarian traits are in their DNA. Young authors are trying to account for that in their writings. For instance, politics claims innocent lives in Colombia and Mexico pretty often. In Argentina, we also have a rich intellectual tradition which is helping us grasp reality better and bring it out in our writings. And yes, you are right about authors like Marquez - you can re-read them many times. I recently picked up One Hundred Years of Solitude once again and fell in love with Marquez all over again.Q. What's the status of women authors in South America in general and Argentina in particular?The figure of a literary author is growing more and more important in South America and that is attracting many talented young women to writing. Authors used to be very important until the 1970s, but then gradually other creative fields like filmmaking became more glamorous. Women today are picking up interesting topics to write on - South America as a whole has such a perfect ecosystem for masochism that there is a rich resource of material for any woman author. Even in the Caribbean , there is fascination with the female body, which again can lend itself to great writing.Q. How did you take up writing in the first place? What was the genesis of Wild Theories?I've been writing since I was a child - I wrote my first story when I was crossing the Atlantic with my family at the age of eight and it revolved around a family caught in the French revolution. The next year, I wrote an Arab tale which was a comedy. So, I've had writing in me since childhood. But Wild Theories came about only in 2005 and was finally published in 2008. I'm writing my next book and it is going to be about much more than Latin America.Q. Are you familiar with Indian writing?Though I'm not that familiar with Indian writing, I've read Naipaul and Rushdie in detail. In fact, I've been in love with Naipaul for a long time now. His Guerillas remains one of my favourite books. I was reading Rushdie's Fury on the flight to India and I absolutely love his The Enchantress of Florence . But I don't know about other contemporary Indian authors. I hope to meet quite a few of them in this festival and discover new styles and themes of writing.Q. This is your first trip to India. How much did you know about the country before coming here?Oh! I've had this magical thought about India for a long time now. I wanted to do a month-long trip around India with a friend but then we were warned that it is not safe for women to travel alone in this country. Is it really so? I've come to Jaipur via Delhi and I'm already overwhelmed. I'm looking forward to spending time in Delhi markets after the literature festival. In South America, there is a constant fascination for India. In Buenos Aires , where I'm based, there are four Indian restaurants and I love Indian food. In Brazil, however, the fascination is much, much more and it is packed with several Indian restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11585817", "title": "Fire fighting facilities for city hospitals", "text": "KOCHI: To address the threat of fire mishaps, the district administration has decided to provide fire and rescue facility in all the hospitals with in-patient facility. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that Rs 10 lakh would be given to Ernakulam General Hospital in the first phase.Fire and rescue officials have been asked to prepare fire safety audit in all taluk hospitals and community health centres (CHCs). The Planning Commission has allotted Rs 50 lakh to Ernakulam district for starting innovative projects.Of the allotted Rs 50 lakh, half will be used for purchasing five dialysis units for general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11589239", "title": "Heidi Klum to divorce Seal?", "text": "Theirs was a marriage to remember - touted to be one of the strongest union in showbusiness.However, Seal's cryptic tweet saying \"The End\" has given rise to speculations that the couple would soon be filing for divorce. German-born Heidi, 38, is expected to file papers at Los Angeles' County Superior Court this week citing irreconcilable differences between the pair who married at Seal's beachfront home in Mexico in 2005.Though the real reasons for their separation is yet unclear, a spokesperson of the former Victoria's Secret model said that a press statement was being prepared for immediate release. Heidi and Seal have 3 children together - Henry, six, Johan, five, and Lou, two. Heidi has a daughter, Leni, seven, from a previous relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11585161", "title": "Four bodies found in Indira Gandhi canal", "text": "JAISALMER: Four bodies, that of two women, a man and a girl, were found floating at Indira Gandhi canal under Mohangarh police station. Mohangarh police got the post mortem of the bodies done on the spot and cremated the same with the help of the public.However, the body of a youth who fell into the canal while taking bath at Nachna area around five days ago is yet to be found. It is expected that the body was swept away.Police sources said on Friday evening there was information that four bodies were seen floating in 175SLD miner in Mohangarh area. With the help of local villagers, the bodies were taken out of the canal. Prima facie, the bodies appear to be decaying for 15-20 days and were in a badly decomposed condition. The man was of 40-42 years, while women were of 35-40 years and girl of 12 years.The sources said since the bodies were badly decomposed, post mortem was one on the spot and were cremated with public help. All police stations were informed about the bodies.Meanwhile, Buddhe Khan, who fell into the canal around five days in Nachna area, could not be traced. Khan resident of Dheengani ki Dhani in Barmer district came to Nachan canal area for work as labourer. While bathing at 1254 RD, he fell down and could not be traced. The divers and villagers for five days searched the canal for the body, but could not find anything. Possibly, the body much has swept away with the water. The water of canal has been stopped at many places and body is being searched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11583629", "title": "BoM profit up 50% in third quarter", "text": "PUNE: The Bank of Maharashtra has posted a net profit of Rs 135.54 crore in the third quarter of 2011-12 (October-December, 2011), 50.18% higher than the Rs 90.25 crore net profit it earned in the corresponding quarter in 2010-11.The operating profit of the public sector bank for the quarter was Rs 425.34 crore, up 37.84% from that of Rs 308.57 crore in the corresponding quarter in the previous year.The bank's interest income rose 30.91% to Rs 1,817.07 crore in the reporting quarter, as compared with the Rs 1,429.29 crore interest income it earned in the same quarter of the previous year.The bank's total deposits have increased from Rs 62,752 crore as on 31 December, 2010, to Rs 69,926 crore on 31 December, 2011, registering a growth of Rs 7,174 crore (11.43%) on a nine-month basis.The CASA deposits have increased from Rs 25,236 crore as on 31 December, 2010, to Rs 28,673 crore on 31 December, 2011, registering a growth of Rs 3,437 crore (13.62%) on a nine-month basis. The share of CASA to total deposits was 41.01% on 31 December, 2011, as against 40.22% on 31 December, 2010.The bank's advances increased from Rs 43,763 crore as on 31 December, 2010, to Rs 50,751 crore on 31 December, 2011, registering a growth of Rs 6988 crore (15.97%) on a year-on-year basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11588098", "title": "Govt mulls bringing corporates under proposed anti-graft law", "text": "NEW DELHI: In view of complaints of corruption in the private sector, the government is considering bringing corporates under a proposed anti-graft law.Official sources said the chiefs of the Central Vigilance Commission, the Central Bureau of Investigation and the Enforcement Directorate have been called in by a parliamentary standing committee next week to give their views in this regard.The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law and Justice, headed by Congress leader Abhishek Manu Singhvi, is examining the Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public Officials and Officials of Public International Organisations Act-2011 aimed at criminalising foreign bribery and offences thereof.The Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha and awaiting nod from the upper house of Parliament.\"A letter has been sent to the CVC, CBI and ED seeking their response through an in-person presentation/submission on the matter. They have been asked to appear before the Committee on January 24,\" a source said.\"The Committee is also considering to bring corporates or private industrial houses in the ambit of the proposed bill,\" he added.The Bill prohibits accepting gratification by foreign public officials as also giving gratification to foreign public officials, while also proposing provisions for rendering assistance and cooperation among nations and making the offence punishable to a minimum of six months jail term to a maximum of seven years.It also envisages provisions for attachment, seizure and confiscation etc., of property in a contracting State or India and extradition of accused persons.Foreign bribery is not covered under any domestic anti-corruption laws at present. Govt mulls bringing corporates under proposed anti-graft lawThe sources said the committee is likely to finalise its recommendations within a month, and then the Bill will be sent to the Rajya Sabha for its nod.They said that the committee has already met with the representatives of industries bodies like the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) and PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry, among others, to discuss various provisions under it.\"Stakeholders are understood to have favoured legal net for corporates to ensure transparency and check corruption. The proposed amendments will be in conformity with the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the Anti Bribery Convention of Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ),\" a source said.The head of country's anti-corruption watchdog CVC, Pradeep Kumar has also favoured a legislation to bring corporates under the purview of another anti-graft law, Lokpal.Currently, no government body including the CVC has powers to check corruption in private firms. Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) recently rejected a proposal for donning the role of an anti-corruption watchdog for private companies -- similar to the role of the CVC for government entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "11583303", "title": "More cells to be set up for cyber crimes", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Director General of Police V Dinesh Reddy on Saturday said that special wings would be set up in Warangal, Tirupati, Vijayawada and Vizag to deal with cyber crimes in the state.Speaking to the media, the DGP said that the effort to keep Maoists out was a constant vigil.The Unmanned Aerial Vessel is a recent induction in the war against Maoist rebels and the police boss said that trials of the aircraft had been completed and it would soon be handed over to the crack Greyhounds unit of the state police.As to security of the coastal areas, the DGP said that they were in the process of strengthening marine police stations across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584728", "title": "Only one steno for 7 asst government pleaders", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court is celebrating its golden jubilee and Nagpur HC concluding its platinum jubilee celebrations on Sunday, there is no smile on the faces of lawyers' fraternity.Though they're not expressing directly, but somewhere inside they're ruining the fact that they suffer from severe space constraint and facilities on the premises of the historic edifice. Not only the High Court Bar Association (HCBA) members but also government pleaders (GPs) and high court employees were made to sit in the crammed space.According to GPs, they work under tremendous pressure due to large area which covers all 11 districts of Vidarbha. The biggest problem, however, is the shortage of staff including stenos who worked under them. Only one steno, who was already overburdened, works for seven assistant government pleaders (AGPs). On other hand, those having good private practice had two to three stenos at their disposal.In fact, they were also paid meagrely for not being on the government rolls. \"Payment is certainly an issue but the biggest one is regarding lack of facilities. We don't even get landline phones or vehicles from the government. Even a village tehsildar gets facilities like a house, vehicle and a phone,\" an AGP, on condition of anonymity, lamented.Another AGP said that by not providing requisite staff and facilities, the government is delaying its own procedural work and also helping the cases to pile up, thus leading to pendency. \"It's ultimately the loss of people, who then unnecessary blame the judiciary,\" he said.Though GP Nitin Sambre refused to comment, he admitted that they were facing severe staff crunch and facilities. HCBA president Anil Mardikar also accepted that the lawyers were facing space constraint due to their ever-increasing numbers. \"We request the government to handover the piece of land near the HC to accommodate growing population of lawyers,\" It's our priority along with National Law School (NLS),\" he told TOI.SC judge Lodha to open celebrations todaySupreme Court judge RM Lodha would officially inaugurate the sesquicentennial celebrations of Bombay HC's establishment on Sunday at 10am at HC auditorium. Senior administrative judge PB Majmudar would deliver the introductory address while chief justice Mohit Shah, HCBA chief Anil Mardikar and senior judge DK Deshmukh would also address the gathering.Portraits of former CJ of India Mohammed Hidyatullah and former SC judges AP Sen and JR Mudholkar would be unveiled by the dignitaries. Later, a symposium on 'environmental laws' would be held where retired SC judge Vikas Sirpurkar and senior counsels - Shrihari Aney and Uday Lalit - would be keynote speakers. A Marathi drama \"Narak zalal bhala\" would be staged in the same evening at Panjabrao Deshmukh auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583875", "title": "CBSE tells schools to forward only grades", "text": "NEW DELHI: All efforts made during the past two years to assess the present batch of Class 10 students of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on co-scholastics areas and to identify their strengths is all set to go down the drain, as the board now wants the schools to only submit grades and not the specific indicators for which the grades were granted. In fact in the online excel sheet to be filled up by the schools, the descriptive indicators column is missing this year and the CBSE has written to the schools that the descriptive indicators will be provided by the Board.In a letter dated January 13, 2012 to all the heads of institutions affiliated to the CBSE, the Board informed that it has finalized the software for all schools to download the list of candidates alongwith roll numbers and schools can complete and upload the assessment data. Interestingly in the co-scholastic areas the board has only asked for the grades of the students and stated that \"Descriptive indicators shall be provided by the Board.\"Meanwhile, the letter also mentioned that in the previous exam too the descriptive indicators were provided by the Board as there were many spelling mistakes, grammatical errors and variations in the descriptive indicators provided by the schools.CBSE has introduced Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) and grading system at the secondary level in all schools from the academic session 2009-2010. Principal of Laxman Public School, Hauz Khas, Usha Ram, who is also one of the master trainers under the CCE scheme, said: \"My understanding is that schools are supposed to give the descriptive indicators, else otherwise it will have no meaning. I am yet to see the letter so I can't comment on the issue.\"But many teachers feel that the whole purpose of CCE, evaluation of co-scholastic areas and identifying individual strengths of the students will be defeated if descriptive indicators are given by a computerized system.\"Case in point: a physically challenged wheelchair bound student good in chess and a good footballer both can be given 'A grade' or a painter and a clay artist student can also be given 'A+ grade'. Now if we don't specify as to why these students were given a certain grade and instead just give a computer-generated indicator such as 'represented a team in school', how will it justify the students' capability?\" questioned a senior teacher at a Kendriya Vidyalaya.While despite repeated attempts, the CBSE chairman could not be contacted, a senior official in the computer department at the CBSE headquarters, \"Because of the variations in descriptive indicators the board received and the errors like spellings and grammar last year, the Board decided that a set of pre-determined descriptive indicators will be used for different grades.\"\"For example if a school gives an 'A grade' to a student in the category of sports and indigenous sports the pre-determined indicative description will be like - Demonstrates an analytic aptitude required and reacts appropriately to strategic situations; Demonstrates sportsmanship; Displays a healthy team and school spirit; Discipline for practice; Has undergone training and coaching; Has represented a team in school, interschool, national, international level,\" explained the official.\"How can one attribute a descriptive indicator like 'displays healthy team spirit' to a chess player just because he/ she has been given 'A grade'?\" questioned a teacher of a public school, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11585118", "title": "3 hours later, youth run over", "text": "MUMBAI: A young gym instructor from Satara also died at the same station, just a few hours after Devi Prasad Mishra was crushed to death. Mahesh Nikam was run over by the same train from which he had jumped off as it slowed down at Kalyan station on Saturday morning.The 21-year-old youth was headed for Kalyan to meet his fiance . He was travelling on Pragati Express, which does not stop at Kalyan.Around 10.30am, as the train pulled into the station, Nikam decided to alight there, instead of travelling all the way to Dadar and back, the police said.As he jumped off the wrong side, he lost his balance, fell onto the track and the express ran him over, the police said. Kalyan GRP senior inspector Arun Jagtap said, \"Nikam had assumed that he would be able to jump onto the platform, but he fell on the track.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11584119", "title": "Week to start with rainfall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Weather experts aver thundershowers would hit the Tricity following dense fog that would prevail during morning and evening on Sunday. This would be the effect of another bout of Western Disturbances set to hit Tricity and surrounding areas on Monday.Weathermen predict generally cloudy skies over the weekend and light rainfall on Monday. Met director Surender Paul said, \"There are indications that the Western Disturbances would bring rainfall to the region. We expect weather to be wet at the start of next week.\" A thick blanket of fog would persist until Sunday and it may even prevail for a while on Monday, added Paul.He said, \"The rainfall is likely to last for 72 hours, during which, we expect Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula to receive intermittent rainfall, along with thunderstorms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11585466", "title": "Banding together for bonding with poor and needy", "text": "BHOPAL: If you thought students of engineering or other professional colleges hardly engage themselves in any activity beyond understanding the nuts and bolts of complex subject theories, think again.Each week on Saturday and Sunday, 20-odd engineering students step out of the college confines with a purpose. On two days of the week, the budding technocrats from the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology band together to serve poor and needy. A routine they are following regularly for the past one year by launching a social outfit 'Rotaract'. \"We divide ourselves into different groups. One goes to teach students in slum areas, a few others go to distribute clothes and utensils and other things of use,\" Rotaract member Shivendra Singh said.Way back in 2008, Prateek Pandey and Ishan Jain, two students of Production and Industrial Engineering, conceived the idea. From then onwards, they have volunteered for social causes. Of course, they were not alone. Their friends also chipped in by helping out in whatever manner they can.Their idea of serving is simple. They go to residential colonies of the city and collect what people usually discard. \"We collect old clothes, books, toys, footwear and others things that most of us throw out. These things may not be of much value to us. But these things mean a lot for the underprivileged lot. And the response has always been spectacular and huge,\" said another member, Stuti Pathak. The group recently distributed old books and toys in Rachna Nagar.The stuff thus collected is taken to the slums and is distributed among the slum dwellers depending on need, said a member of the group. \"We sort of serve as a link between those who donate give and the ones receiving the junked goods. We are more than happy to act as a link between the two,\" another member Santosh Meena said.They have not stopped at this. Rotaract provide free coaching classes to slum children of Rahul Nagar after their classes are over. \"The residents there have also gone out of their way to offer support. Many children in slums have sharp mind and good grasping power. If tackled properly, these kids could turn out to be a highly productive force. One of the positives is slum children have started dreaming big and are gaining confidence,\" said Stuti who is also preparing for CAT exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584723", "title": "Police recover three stolen bikes", "text": "PATNA: The Patrakarnagar police on Saturday recovered three stolen motorcycles lying abandoned near Yogipur Canal.The Patrakarnagar police had on Friday arrested Dharamveer Vishwakarma and Raushan from Vijaya Nagar when they were escaping after stealing a motorcycle from there. City SP, Patna, Kim said that acting on the revelations made by the arrested criminals and information collected from different sources, a police team carried out raids at Yogipur and surrounding areas and recovered three motorcycles.Meanwhile, police sources revealed that two of the recovered motorcycles were stolen from areas falling under the jurisdiction of Kadamkuan police station on January 19. Raids were on to arrest the other associates of the arrested youths, police added.Two arrested: The Patna Police on Friday arrested two criminals from an area falling under the jurisdiction of Sultanganj police station. City SP, Patna, Kim said that acting on secret information that some criminals were on way to commit some crime, a police team intercepted two youths and recovered two countrymade pistols besides four live cartridges from their possession.She said the arrested youths had been identified as Ajay Kumar, a native of Saraiya in Muzaffarpur district, and Sahid alias Khurshid, a native of Phulwarisharif in Patna district. Kim said that Ajay Kumar had been charge sheeted in a loot case in Jehanabad and two cases of loot and Arms Act violation in Rupuspur police station area in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11584736", "title": "Jay Leno's Darbar Sahib quip causes stir", "text": "JALANDHAR: US television host Jay Leno said Amritsar would be US presidential candidate Mitt Romney's summer home and flashed a picture of Darbar Sahib at the golden temple, the holiest shrine of Sikhs. The comment on Leno's January 19 show has sparked a controversy.American Sikhs have flooded NBC TV channel's office in New York and San Jose with phone calls protesting against Leno's comment. A page on a social networking site was launched to register the community's protest.\"When we call on NBC phones, their voice messages are full up. People are calling each other, posting messages, discussing how to protest against the show. In a little over 24 hours of the show, around 1,500 people posted their comments on the Facebook page,\" said Sandeep Singh Chahal from USA.Some made light of Leno's comment, brushing it aside as a joke, while others reacted angrily. US-based Sikh Harjot Singh Khalsa posted an online petition, 'NBC: The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Stop defaming Sikhs and using derogatory remarks against Sikh shrines'.In 2007, Leno had called Sikhs 'diaper heads.' In 2010, he had wrongly said that President Obama could not visit the Darbar Sahib as it was necessary to wear a turban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11585738", "title": "Atlas on micro watersheds in TN released", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state agricultural minister, S Damodaran, on Saturday released an atlas on micro watersheds in Tamil Nadu at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University. He remarked that the government will concentrate on micro watershed projects.\"The government knows the value of micro watershed projects. Block-level projects will be introduced with the help of non-governmental organisations. We are also planning to compile a database with details of the natural resources, crop products, and other information that are important for the farmers. This will be the first of its kind in India,\" he said.P Murugesa Bhoopathi, vice-chancellor of TNAU, said the atlas will help scientists and policy makers understand the various aspects of the watershed projects in the state. He said the state could benefit from the move.\"To us each and every drop of water is very important. So the concept of watersheds to develop land and water resources becomes relevant. For proper planning and development of these projects, it is important to have a framework of watersheds. This could be in the form of suitable maps and supporting statements. The national watershed atlas is an attempt to provide a uniform delineation and codification of the watersheds,\" he added.Bhoopathi also said that \"this atlas will be a very useful document for planning and development of water resources and implementing soil conservation measures. Scientists will be able to use this to identify geographic units for the development and testing of location-specific technologies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11584551", "title": "Ramaiah summons BDO for 'anomalies'", "text": "PATNA: Divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah has summoned Khusrupur's block development officer in the wake of alleged irregularities in implementation of Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) in the block.Ramaiah issued the order on Friday after locals who visited his Janata Darbar here made allegations of wrongdoing in IAY.One Bal Kishun Das from Ramnagar locality of Khusrupur complained to Ramaiah that the authorities concerned had not been fair in allotting funds under the IAY. \"Beneficiaries who were at the top of the waiting list have not been allotted funds,\" Das complained to him. Similar were the complaints of over a dozen visitors from Khusrupur.A press release from the divisional commissioner's office on Friday said that the commissioner has directed the BDO concerned to come up with documents related to the allegations on next Friday.Similarly, the CO of Danapur has been summoned in connection with a land ownership issue. A visitor, Lalita Devi, complained to the commissioner that the CO was not cooperating in the issue even as she had every necessary document. The issue of land dispute was also raised by a visitor from Kaimur district.Ramaiah also directed the Patna district police to look into a sensitive issue in the Chitkohra locality of the city. A delegation of Sikhs from the area on Friday complained to him that some anti-social elements were trying to convert a part of their land into a cemetery. The land in question is meant for the welfare of Punjabi refugees here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11584008", "title": "SC's Bhandari front-runner for ICJ judge post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Supreme Court Judge Justice Dalveer Bhandari has emerged as the front-runner for getting India's nomination for a Judge's post in Hague-based International Court of Justice (ICJ) by pipping an ex-legal advisor of the ministry of external affairs with myriad international diplomacy experience to the post.The India chapter of Permanent Council of Arbitration (PCA), responsible for selecting the candidate and recommending it to the government for placing it formally for election before the international body, has recommended Justice Bhandari's name after a two-month-long scrutiny and deliberations on the two candidates' antecedents.\"The ministry of external affairs has received the recommendation of PCA in favour of Justice Bhandari,\" official sources told TOI. The opportunity for India to place its nominee in the prestigious ICJ comes after 20 years. Former Chief Justice of India R S Pathak was the country's last representative at ICJ.Interestingly, just a few months ago, the MEA, with the approval of the Prime Minister's Office, had suggested the ex-legal advisor's name to the PCA to consider his nomination to the ICJ as a Judge.Though PCA's recommendation is not binding, traditionally the government has always honoured it. Two eminent jurists, who are part of the three-member PCA, had earlier veered around the government's suggestion, but Justice Bhandari's pro-poor and pro-social equity judicial disposition tilted the scales in his favour and the trio agreed that he would be eminently suitable for becoming a Judge in ICJ.In recent past, Justice Bhandari has authored judgments that requested Parliament to take a fresh look at divorce laws to permit irretrievably break down of marriage as a ground for annulling it, attempted to make the public distribution network for subsidized ration for poor responsive and pressurized government to provide free night shelters to urban homeless and poor suffering in open in biting cold conditions.The chance for India to put its nominee up for selection as a judge in ICJ came after Jordan's king sacked his prime minister and brought back ICJ judge Justice Awn Shawkat Al-Khasawneh to take the reins of the administration. India's support helped Justice Al-Khasawneh to get elected to ICJ.So, as a diplomatic quid pro quo, MEA circles believe that India's nominee for the judge's post in ICJ will get support from Jordan along with friendly neighbours like Sri Lanka and Bangaldesh.India has had three permanent judges in ICJ, starting with the little remembered B N Rau, who was a judge of ICJ from 1952 to November 30, 1953. Rau even played a crucial role in the drafting of the Constitution and was a prospect for the race to the UN secretary-general's post.But India's most significant representative in ICJ came through Nagendra Singh, who was a Judge there from 1973 to 1988. From 1976 to 1979, he was the vice-president of ICJ, and became its president from 1985 to1988.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11584513", "title": "Willy to contest on TMC ticket from Aldona", "text": "MAPUSA: State president of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) Wilfred D'Souza announced on Saturday that he planned to shift his base from Saligao to Aldona constituency.Describing it as the \"demand of the people\", D'Souza said, \"I am the grandson of Aldona and I have many relatives who live there. Besides, Saligao constituency has changed, Arpora and Parra are now in Calangute constituency and Bastora and Ucassiam in the newly-formed Porvorim constituency. Moira and Nachinola of Tivim are now in Aldona, while Pomburpa, Salvador do Mundo and Britona are out of Aldona. The delimitation process favours that I contest from Aldona.\"Dayanand Narvekar is the Congress party's likely candidate for Aldona, while Glen Ticlo is the BJP's likely candidate.Stating that the TMC has shortlisted 15 candidates to contest from various constituencies in North and South Goa, D'Souza said, \"BJP and Congress have not announced any names. I am waiting and keeping things in order. My party candidates will be announced as soon as the other parties announce theirs.\"Stating that there is a need for a third front in the state which can be an alternative to the corrupt Congress and communal BJP, D'Souza said, \"People wanted an alternative choice and I am providing it to them.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11584853", "title": "Two nabbed with fake currency notes in Bhadra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Local vendors in the Bhadra flea market caught two men on Friday when they were trying to peddle fake currency notes of Rs 1,000. Karanj police arrested the duo and transferred the case to the Special Operations Group (SOG) for further investigation.The Bhadra flea market is a favourite haunt for peddlers of fake currency due to its large size and easy access for long. However, due to awareness among vendors, eight persons have been caught in the past three months trying to peddle fake currency notes.According to Karanj police, the two men approached a vendor near Teen Darwaza at 8 pm on Friday and purchased some plastic goods worth Rs 150 and gave a currency note of Rs 1,000. The seller became suspicious as people generally don't shop with big currency notes in flea markets. He then approached nearby shopkeepers who examined the currency note and told him that it looked dubious.\"While others kept the duo busy in talks, a group informed cops, who arrived and checked the note. The note was of brighter colour, and the feel of the paper and the security thread were not usual. The note did have a thread but it was not genuine. Once it was confirmed that it was fake, we nabbed the duo and brought them to the police station,\" said a Karanj police official. Officials said the duo was identified as Mohammed Riyaz Shaikh, 37, and Badshah Hakumuddin Shaikh, 52, both from Jharkhand and living near Chandola in Ahmedabad. During their body search, officials found 22 more currency notes with same features. All the notes had an identical serial number.\"We suspect that the currency notes were locally produced with methods such as screen printing using a high-resolution scanner. The duo is being questioned about the source of the notes and for how much they had purchased the notes,\" said M N Mirza, inspector of Karanj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11584422", "title": "25-year-old rapes toddler in Colva", "text": "MARGAO: A two-year-old girl from Colva was raped by a 25-year-old who is presently absconding. Colva police on Saturday registered a case under IPC Section 376 against Santan Fernandes.Police said Fernandes, a daily wage worker who lived in the vicinity of the victim's residence, committed the sexual assault on Friday evening after finding her alone at home.The mother, on discovering what had happened to her daughter, rushed to the police station to file the complaint. The offence was initially registered as a molestation awaiting the medical examination of the child. Once the latter report arrived from the GMC, Bambolim, the charge was changed to rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nawashahr", "code": "11585262", "title": "'Let us see if we can get us some seats'", "text": "NAWASHAHR: Many dalit ideologues, activists may be finding fault with BSP supremo Mayawati and her style of working, but her party cadres and supporters venerate her. This regard for Mayawati was visible in the eyes of the crowd which had assembled to hear her on Saturday. It matched that for Bollywood actors.The BSP rally was clearly bigger and more colourful - predominated by blue - than those organized by Congress, SAD and BJP after announcement of elections. Her speech was punctuated with frequent clapping by supporters, which had a big number of women. However, the enthusiasm gave way to skepticism when party's middle-rung leaders and workers wondered aloud whether this enthusiasm would translate into the party forming a government in Punjab or winning several seats. \"Let us see if we can get us some seats,\" said Jagdev Singh, a young party activist from Talwandi Fattu village near Banga.Mayawati's sway on party workers was evident. There was almost a stampede when they rushed for a glimpse of her when she drove from the rally venue to helipad. The crowds kept on standing around the helipad till the time her chopper rose to a considerable height. If Manjit Kaur, an old party activist, from Jadla village stood with folded hands, seven years old Sonu from Saloh village kept waiving at the chopper long after it had disappeared from the horizon.The commitment in the party workers and supporters can also be gauged from the fact that they reached the rally site mostly in cargo tempos, which cost less, while other parties arrange buses to make the journey comfortable for party supporters.\"This enthusiasm in our workers is unmatchable and they are much more disciplined,\" said party leader Parveen Banga.\"I have come to the rally just to have Darshan of Mayawati,\" said Ranjit Pawar, an Ambedkar Sena leader from Phillaur, who was overwhelmed with emotions when Mayawati reached on the stage.Assembly elections 2012Punjab assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11585169", "title": "Janjua told by CJM it cannot take cognizance of graft case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The chief judicial magistrate's (CJM) court here, on Saturday, asked former state industries director V K Janjua whether it (the court of CJM) can take cognizance of corruption charges levelled by him against Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal .The court has given him time till February 4 to submit his reply.CJM J S Sidhu pointed out to Janjua that the court cannot take any cognizance in a corruption case. But Janjua told the court that the case was in the pre-cognizance stage and so it could proceed with it. The court then asked him to submit records to support his claim.Earlier, Janjua had moved a petition before a local court here alleging that Sukhbir Badal had implicated him in a false corruption case because he had refused to pay him a Rs 1 crore bribe.Janjua, an IAS officer , was arrested by a vigilance team from Ludhiana on November 9, 2009 on a complaint made by T R Mishra, a Ludhiana industrialist. Mishra had alleged that the officer had demanded a Rs 2 lakh bribe to clear a file. Janjua was then director industries, Punjab. He was suspended and later reinstated. At present, he's secretary, freedom fighters department.Janjua had told the court that Sukhbir had framed him with help of his \"chief lieutenant\" and director, Vigilance Bureau, Sumedh Singh Saini. Janjua gave the court cell phone details of Mishra and vigilance officers to prove that he had been \"framed.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11588946", "title": "Pakistan arrests 31 Indian fishermen", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities have arrested 31 Indian fishermen and seized 14 boats for allegedly violating the country's maritime boundary, an official said.The fishermen were detained by the Maritime Security Agency (MSA) during routine patrolling yesterday, a spokesman for the agency said.Fourteen Indian boats with 31 crew members were \"apprehended for poaching well inside Pakistani waters (approximately 110 nautical miles)\", he said.The Indian fishermen allegedly continued to intrude into Pakistan's marine-rich Indus delta region \"at the cost of livelihood of local fishermen\", he claimed.The MSA handed over the fishermen to police in Karachi for further investigation.India and Pakistan arrest hundreds of fishermen every year on charges of violating their maritime boundary.In a single sweep last year, the MSA arrested 122 Indian fishermen and seized 23 fishing boats on charges of poaching.The two countries have taken steps in recent months to expedite the release of fishermen who have completed their jail terms.Earlier this month, Pakistan freed 179 Indian fishermen who had completed their sentences. Another 360 Indian prisoners, mostly fishermen, remain in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583591", "title": "Gangaghat market relocation hits a snag", "text": "NASHIK: While the government machinery has already started planning for the next Kumbh mela to be held in the year 2015, the impasse over the shifting of the vegetable market permanently from the bank of the Godavari river continues. The Kumbh mela is held on the banks of Godavari every 12 years. The vegetable market is temporarily shifted elsewhere, during that time. Around 600 vendors sell vegetables and fruits at the open market at the river bank.With an aim to shift the vegetable market permanently off the shores of the Godavari, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) constructed a vegetable market, at a distance of around 200 metres from the present market, and away from the river bank. The corporation spent around Rs 5 crore on the project.But the newly-built market is still lying vacant as the vegetable vendors have refused to shift to the new location. The vendors had moved court against the NMC in the past. The verdict delivered was in favor of the vegetable vendors around six months ago. The NMC however, went in appeal against the verdict.\"This vegetable market has been here at Gangaghat from Peshwa times. There is also a mention of the Gangaghat vegetable market in the (British) government's gazette. We have three generations of vendors selling vegetables here. The NMC administration neither took us into confidence nor held talks with us while deciding to build a new vegetable market.\" Bhimrao Kshirsagar, member of the Gangamai Vegetable Vendors Assocaition said.\"We are not opposed to the NMC, but the place where this new market has been built is inconvenient for our consumers. It has around 40 steps from the Gangaghat side. A majority of our customers are senior citizens, who usually come for darshan to nearby temples like Kalaram, Kapaleshwar and Ramkunda. They buy vegetables on their way home after their worship. Our business will be affected if we shift to the new place. Further, our vegetables and other items amounting to lakhs of rupees in value, lie here overnight, but not a single incident of theft has taken place in the past. We therefore feel secure here. We willingly shift to another place close to here, during the Kumbh mela held in Nashik every twelve years. The NMC should not displace us,\" Kshirsagar added.\"We had moved the court against the NMC and the court had given its verdict in favour of us six months ago. But the NMC administration has further appealed and challenged it. The issue is now sub-judice,\" Kshir- sagar concluded.The local corporator, Jayashree Dhanawate (ward no. 16), when contacted, avoided commenting on the issue saying that the matter was sub-judice.\"The NMC administration had built the new market with an aim to shift the vegetable vendors permanently from the shore of Godavari River. But the vendors refused to shift to the new market and had moved the court. The court had delivered its verdict in favour of the vegetable vendors. Now, NMC has gone ahead and further appealed the case. The matter is sub-judice,\" R M Bahiram, deputy commissioner of the NMC, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11590521", "title": "No new teacher in PU for last nine years", "text": "PATNA: Do you know the average age of Patna University (PU) teachers today? According to a conservative estimate, it is 50 plus.Not a single teacher has been appointed in any faculty for the last nine years. And, even when the last batch of teachers (lecturers) was appointed in 2003 on the recommendation of the erstwhile Bihar State University (Constituent Colleges) Service Commission, most of the appointees were in their late 30s and 40s. Some of these lecturers are likely to retire along with senior professors who had joined PU more than three decades back.In PU, there are as many as 810 sanctioned posts of different categories of teachers after surrendering 115 posts following the delinking of intermediate (plus two) classes from PU colleges. But, at present, only 395 teachers including 74 professors, 167 associate professors (or readers) and 93 assistant professors (or lecturers) are working in the university.PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha said the university lacked young blood as there is no regular appointment of teachers. Some teachers were appointed in 1996 and after that another group of teachers joined in 2003. Previously, the appointment of teachers against vacant posts was made every year to induct fresh talent in the profession. Now, a candidate joins the profession 10 or 15 years after doing his post-graduation and research. The best talents migrate to some other services as they do not have patience to wait for the university appointment, Sinha added.Patna University Teachers' Association general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh observed that acute dearth of teachers has been badly affecting the academic credibility of PU. The university has got less than 400 teachers to teach nearly 20,000 students. A large number of posts of teachers, including professors and readers, sanctioned by the UGC during different plan periods are lying vacant. Neither a single post has been created by the government since 1975 nor has any appointment been made against any vacant superior post since 1985 by any university in the state. Moreover, 102 vocational courses have been started by different institutions of the university during the last few years without appointing even a single teacher. Teachers are being outsourced by different departments to teach the students admitted to various vocational and self-financing courses, he said.Singh wondered how the university would be able to conduct postgraduate courses under the semester system proposed to be introduced from the next academic session with less than 50% strength of teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11585588", "title": "Farmers unwilling to part with land", "text": "INDORE: The state government's plan to acquire additional land for expansion of the Pithampur industrial area has run into rough weather with the farmers refusing to part with their land. Government has proposed to acquire 804 hectares of land from 687 farmers in four villages for construction of Betma-Pithampur industrial cluster.The Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, which is opposing the land acquisition will hold a padyatra on January 23 which will start from Bada Ganpati in Indore and culminate at Sagore Kutee.Talking to TOI, Tapan Bhattacharya, convenor of the samiti, said that the land in question was fertile and suited for agriculture as the water table in the area too was good. Farmers are using the land for cultivation of cotton and wheat and hence they do not want to part with this land.About 15,000 people living in the four villages (namely Kalibillod, Ambapura, Ranmalbillod &amp; Salampura) will be affected once the government goes ahead with its plan of acquiring land for the construction of the industrial cluster. \"The government is offering us a compensation amount of merely Rs 3.50 lakh per bigha (1 hectare=4 bighas) as against the prevailing rate of Rs 64-65 lakh. Hence, the farmers are not keen on selling their land.\"The state industries minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, told TOI that he promised the farmers about conducting a re-survey of the area. However, the affected farmers are not ready to buy the idea and rather they are adamant that they won't hand over their land at any cost.The anger of the farmers can be gauged by the fact that the farmers of the area had driven away an AKVN official who had gone there for due diligence recently.The farmers are stating that 150 units in the nearby Pithampur industrial areas were lying idle which can be used for the cluster. Secondly, nearly 600 hectares of forest land also fall in the area, which can also be of the use for the purpose.Thirdly, around 1,000 square metres of land, that were acquired by the authorities some 4-5 years back could also be of help. KSS is getting support for its cause from activists &amp; NGOs like Medha Patkar who had recently paid a visit to the place, Ekta Parishad and Rashtriya Sewa Dal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11584118", "title": "Fund crunch stalls work at hospital", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Already burdened with paying enhanced compensation to farmers, the cash-strapped Greater Noida Authority has run into another hurdle. The construction of the upcoming Kanshiram Multi-specialty Hospital has been stalled because the Authority is facing a major fund crunch.The hospital, another one of chief minister Mayawati's dream projects, was scheduled to become functional by June 2011. Authorities claim that about 90 per cent of the total construction work was complete in May 2011. The process of acquiring 'world-class' equipment and staff was set to begin but the land acquisition row turned volatile at the same time. While the process of acquiring staff and equipment was stalled earlier, the construction work has also been halted.Finishing touches like electrical connections, fittings and installation of elevators have to be added. \"An additional sum of Rs 300 crore is required to procure the equipment. We will apprise the government of the requirements,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11586340", "title": "Police info about threat not true, am very angry: Rushdie", "text": "NEW YORK: An \"angry\" Salman Rushdie claims he has found out that the intelligence provided to him by Rajasthan police about threat to his life if he attended the Jaipur Literature Festival was concocted to prevent him from going to India.Rushdie took to microblogging site Twitter to vent his anger and responded to reports in Indian media that said \"Rajasthan police invented plot to keep away Rushdie.\"Rushdie tweeted, \"Rajasthan police invented plot to keep away Rushdie' I've investigated, &amp; believe that I was indeed lied to. I am outraged and very angry.\"Responding to a comment to his tweet , Rushdie said he does not know if the false intelligence information was given by Rajasthan police under instructions from someone.\"Don't know who gave orders. And yes I guess the same police who want to arrest (authors) Hari, Amitava, Jeet and Ruchir. Disgusting,\" he said responding to a comment on whether it is the same police who now want to arrest writers for reading passages of his banned work 'The Satanic Verses' at the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11584531", "title": "Couple assaulted over trivial issue", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged couple was assaulted by their nephews over a trivial issue at their Ganjipeth Kachipura, Ganeshpeth home on Friday.Shahid Ulla Khan (42) was hit twice on the head with an iron rod and was stabbed on hands while his wife Shehnaz sustained injuries on hands and legs. While Shahid is still being treated at the Government Medical College and Hospital, Shehnaz was discharged on Saturday morning.Both the accused, Javed Khan and Mohasin Khan are absconding. Police said that just fortnight ago, Javed was arrested by Ganeshpeth police for assaulting Shahid.The two families would often have heated arguments over trivial issues. Shahid and his cousin Shafi Khan homes share common compound wall. Two weeks ago, Shafi's son Javed assaulted Shahid over a small issue. Ganeshpeth police had registered a case and had arrested Javed.Again on Friday night, when Shahid kept his cooler near the boundary wall, Javed and his family members picked up a quarrel. Javed and his brother Mohasin attacked Shahid and Shehnaz. As Javed and Mohasin fled, the neighbours informed the police and also took the couple to the hospital.Ganeshpeth police has registered a case of attempt to murder against Javed and Mohasin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11582978", "title": "Role of sports on human health discussed", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day international seminar on 'Physical education, recreation and yoga', organised by the department of physical education, Banaras Hindu University , concluded on Saturday. A special workshop on Falunda (the Chinese method of meditation) and Yogasanas attracted attention on the concluding day of the seminar.The concluding day of the programme witnessed technical sessions on role of sports on human health, various aspects of sports psychology, ways to improve training in sports, significance of yoga and biomechanics in the day. The session concluded with open discussion on use of physical education in modern society.Presiding over the valedictory function, vice chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, Prof P Nag said the new researches and seminars not only paved ways for scientific development in sports but also promised to raise its level. VK Kumara, registrar, BHU emphasised that physical education and sports helped to create a healthy society.A number of senior faculties including organising secretary, BC Kapari, DK Dureha, Rajeev Vyas and others were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11588298", "title": "Mamata Banerjee writes book on important landmarks of her career", "text": "KOLKATA: Chronicling her meteoric rise from a grassroots worker to the highest echelons of power in West Bengal, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has written a book which has a photographic description of all the important landmarks of her remarkable political career.Titled 'Poribortan' (Change), the book written in Bengali has a hundred photographs personally selected by the chief minister with explanations about how those moments of her life dramatically changed the course of West Bengal politics and broke the 34-year-old citadel of the Left Front government.The photos, sourced from archives of newspapers, depict various stages of her career after she jumped into limelight and became an MP by defeating veteran Communist leader Somnath Chatterjee in the 1984 elections.Brought out by Dey's Publishing, this is one of the three books authored by her which will be released on Tuesday at the inauguration of the Kolkata Book Fair.The second book, titled 'My Unforgettable Memories', has English translations of her previously published works in Bengali, while the last one is a book of poems penned by her.A close aide of the Trinamool Congress leader told PTI that the book is a memoir written to recollect what has happened in her life so far after the success in bringing a political change to West Bengal.\"It is an event-by-event record of her political career. It shows how her decades-old fight culminated into victory as she won the elections last year,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11583799", "title": "Fire drill organized at six city schools", "text": "NASHIK: A mock drill on fire rescue and evacuation was organized in six schools across the city by the fire department on Saturday. The drill was organised following the directions of the deputy fire advisor of the Union Home Ministry, who mandated it as a nation-wide exercise in each district headquarters on January 21.The drill, organized jointly by the fire brigade and the schools, saw large participation from students, teachers and principals among other staff members. Forty fire staff and officials from five fire centres helped carry out the mock drill. Fravashi Academy (Nashik), New Era English Medium School, (Govindnagar), St Philomena School (Nashik Road), Shrimati Nargis Dutt Kanya Vidyalaya (Panchavati), Janata Vidyalaya and Junior College (Satpur) and Janata Vidyalaya (CIDCO/New Nashik) participated in the fire drill.The officials explained how to bring fire under control in the initial stages, what the responsibilities of the class monitors and class teachers were and the precautions that need to be taken during rescue operations.Chief of the fire department, Anil Mahajan, said that all schools should adhere to the directions of the Supreme Court on safety and precautionary measures and failure to follow these could result in stringent action by the concerned officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584571", "title": "Youth tries to rob store with toy gun", "text": "MADURAI: Animesh Kuka (23) was arrested by police when he tried to rob a popular jewellery outlet here on Friday night with a toy gun.The youth told police that he planned to rob the jewellery shop to buy a fancy motorcycle.\"He told us he robbed the jewellery outlet since he was desperate to buy a fancy motorcycle worth about Rs 15 lakh. He had friends in Madurai but no one was associated in the robbery attempt,\" said a senior police official.The youth, who studied till Class 12, initially called himself Mahesh but has been identified as Animesh Kuka (23) from Jharkhand. Animesh had entered a Tanishq outlet around closing time on Friday night when there were just a couple of customers. He enquired about diamond necklaces posing as a customer and picked up a few ornaments. He then ordered them to be packed. But when a staff at the cash counter demanded payment, he pulled out a toy gun and threatened him to hand over the jewels. Even as the staff at the outlet screamed in panic, the youth grabbed a piece of diamond jewellery and attempted to flee. But the security guard pulled down the shutters in time and alerted the police who rushed to the spot and arrested Animesh.Only later did it come to light that Animesh had duped the staff of a two-wheeler showroom in the city earlier in the day and fled with a motorcycle on the pretext of taking it for a test ride. \"He took away a brand new bike from the unassuming staff of the showroom in the morning. By evening, he made a number plate for the motorcycle with a fancy number, after hiding the bike in his house at Mahathma Gandhi Nagar. Later in the night, he went on the new bike for the robbing expedition,\" said C Rajendran, deputy commissioner (crime).Police said Animesh, along with his elder brother Abishek Kuka, had settled in Madurai seven years ago and were selling law books. Animesh used to visit a gymnasium in the locality and wanted to enjoy a flamboyant lifestyle like some of the visitors to the gym. \"He used to watch a lot of movies and had developed a craving to earn money to lead a life like film actors,\" said a police officer. He had purchased a toy gun from Chennai six months ago.\"His brother is not aware of Animesh's plans. In fact, investigations have revealed that Animesh had no past history of offences. But we are probing if he had planned more such robberies in the city,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11591882", "title": "Karpoori birth anniversary on Jan 24", "text": "PATNA: The EBC cell of the JD (U) will celebrate birth anniversary of former CM Karpoori Thakur on January 24 at the open air theatre of Bharatiya Nritya Kala Mandir. After reviewing the preparations on Sunday, EBC cell chief Chandeshwar Prasad Chandravanshi said that CM Nitish Kumar would inaugurate the function and state party president Vashishtha Narayan Singh will be the chief guest.Chandravanshi said the EBCs should also get reservation in state legislature and parliament besides central services on the line of quota provided by the Bihar government. The demand will be forcefully raised at the function to be attended by ministers and legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11584358", "title": "What ails chikan industry, find IIM-L students, give solutions", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lack of organised retail, focus-less marketing and poor understanding of consumer needs could be some of the things affecting the chikan industry in Uttar Pradesh. This was the conclusion that management students from across the country arrived at, after interacting with chikankari retailers and artisans as part of IIM-Lucknow's annual business enclave, Manfest 2012.As part of the enclave's flagship event 'The Next CEO', students interacted with people associated with Lucknow's chikankari industry to understand the reasons why, despite huge domestic and international demand for the product, the chikankari market has been unable to capitalise and grow outside UP.For the exercise, IIM-Lucknow tied up with three stores at Lucknow's Janpath. After getting a brief introduction on chikan industry, students were split into teams of four and had to suggest strategic changes to shopkeepers and small enterprise owners so as to revive the dying art-form.Though the workmanship was found to be of the finest quality, the time taken to produce the end product could, it was felt, render the product out of vogue by the time it hit the market. Workman also seemed to have no understanding of the demand.Though many trooped outside the IIM-L campus, Manfest kept indoor students busy as well. Giving the need for creativity a boost at Anjuman, the corporate luncheon organised as part of Manfest 2012, students and industry stalwarts came together for an informal interaction. Based on the theme \"Innovate, implement and inspire: Build a legacy\", Anjuman took lessons from institutions and individuals who have persevered through tumultuous times to build a lasting legacy. Opening the event, Devi Singh, director, IIM-Lucknow, said, \"Creativity is the new driver, and India has some of the most creative people.\"Chief financial officer, Computational Research Labs, Shantaram Latkar said that innovations, not inventions, create wealth. He laid stress on the need for a pervasive culture of innovation, using anecdotes from Tata and Malcolm Balridge and added that innovation is the prerogative of many.Focussing on the manufacturing sector, Seshadri Rajaram, CEO, Erhardt-Leimer, said innovation is anything that is done \"better, cheaper and faster; and transferred benefits to people\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11584556", "title": "High court resolves dispute between couple", "text": "MADURAI: Setting an example on how proactive courts could be in resolving family disputes through mediation, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court abridged an estranged husband and wife who parted ways on account of differences in opinion.By appointing an amicus curiae and through mediation, the Bench of Justices of N Paul Vasanthakumar and P Devadass made T Ramesh of Andipatty and Sivalakshmi live together in Gujarat peacefully and happily. Ramesh married Sivalakshmi and the couple was blessed with two children. He works as a salesman in a confectionary at Baroda. Ramesh used to visit his house at Andipatti once in three months. On December 4, when he was in Baroda, he received a call from his relative, Balraj, stating that his wife and children went missing and their whereabouts could not be traced. He also asked Ramesh to start for Andipatti immediately. Thereafter, Ramesh rushed to his native place but even after a hectic search, his efforts to find his family went in vain. Unable to find his wife and children, a complaint was lodged before the Inspector of Police, Andipatti, but no action was taken. Hence, Ramesh preferred a habeas corpus in court.When the matter came up for hearing before the Bench, the police produced the wife and children. The judges found that there was some difference of opinion between Ramesh and Sivalakshmi regarding their place of residence (whether to reside at Baroda or at Andipatti). Ultimately, the judges felt that if mediation was conducted, there would be a possibility for settlement. Hence they appointed B Saravanan, a lawyer, as amicus curiae to represent Sivalakshmi and her children. The bench then agreed to post the matter before the mediation and conciliation centre attached to the Madurai bench of the high court.Mediation was conducted and a report also submitted by the mediator. The report said both parties attended the sessions and had decided to live together. Sivalakshmi agreed to go along with her husband to Baroda, burying their differences to live happily. Ramesh also agreed not to consume liquor and promised to live for his wife and children.Disposing of the petition, the judges appreciated the petitioner's counsel, S Balakarthick, and the amicus curiae for earnest efforts taken by them. They directed the High Court Legal Services Committee to pay a sum of Rs 3,000 to the amicus curiae and the mediator as remuneration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11591091", "title": "Indian diplomat in Norway asked to ensure release of children", "text": "NEW DELHI: External Affairs Minister S M Krishna today instructed Indian Ambassador to Norway R K Tyagi to speak to Norwegian Foreign Ministry to ensure the release of two children, who were separated from an NRI couple by the Norwegian Childcare Services.The Minister is also likely to speak to his Norwegian counterpart Jonas Gahr Store tomorrow demanding the release of the two children, official sources said.Krishna spoke to Tyagi during the day and asked him to contact Norwegian Foreign Ministry to ensure the release of the two children, who were separated from their natural parents, an NRI couple, by the Norwegian Childcare Services which placed them under foster care.The matter has been pursued actively with Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs after the strong demarches that were made in Oslo and here on January 5, the sources said.NRI couple Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya's children Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) were taken under protective care by Barnevarne (Norwegian Child Welfare Services), which claimed emotional disconnect with the parents, and placed them in foster parental care according to the local Norwegian court's directive.On January 12, 2011, an official of the Indian Embassy in Oslo visited the foster home where the young children are staying and ascertained that they were in good health, the MEA said in a release.Following the visit, the Embassy reiterated the concerns of Indian government to the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the children were being deprived of the undoubted benefits of being brought up in their own ethnic, religious cultural and linguistic milieu.Hence, the return of the children to India so that they can be brought up in familiar surroundings under the loving care of their extended family would be in their best long-term interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11591140", "title": "2G: Subramanian Swamy claims he has evidence against P Chidambaram", "text": "KANNUR: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , who has filed an application seeking prosecution of home minister P Chidambaram in the 2G spectrum case, today claimed he had all evidence against him in the case.\"I have all evidence against Chidambaram in the 2G spectrum case,\" he said at a ABVP meeting here on 'the rise of students, corruption-free Kerala'.Yesterday, a Delhi court had reserved its order for Feb 4 on Swamy's plea seeking Chidambaram's prosecution in the case.During the arguments, Swamy had said the evidence he had brought on court's record prima facie show that Chidambaram is equally culpable as former telecom minister A Raja, who is facing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.On the vexed Mullapperiyar Dam issue between Kerala and Tamil Nadu, Swamy opined that both the states should go in for out of court settlement.Swamy said DMK President M Karunanidhi had no moral right to state that the Supreme Court should decide on the issue as he had not implemented its order on raising the dam height when he was the Chief Minister.The Mullaperiyar dam row has witnessed tension in border districts of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Kerala is pressing for construction of a new dam at Mullaperiyar citing safety concerns over the 116-year-old reservoir, while Tamil Nadu has maintained that the dam is \"as good as new\" and accused Kerala of whipping up \"fear psychosis\" over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11583174", "title": "Lasting lesson of 1962: don\u2019t be caught off-guard again", "text": "As the 50th anniversary year of China's 1962 invasion of India, 2012 ought to serve as a time of reflection on the lasting lessons of that attack. Given that the Year of the Dragon in Chinese astrology begins on Monday, 2012 holds significance for China's other neighbours too. After all, the declared intent of the 1962 war - \"to teach a lesson\" - was publicly restated in the 1979 Chinese aggression against Vietnam and appeared to guide Beijing's top-heavy response in the 2010 boat incident with Japan.The 1962 war was a classic example of the fusion of strategic deception and military surprise, two enduring elements in China's strategy. Integral to deception is taking an opponent by surprise, as emphasized in Sun Tzu's Art of War. Communist China has been involved in the largest number of military conflicts in Asia. In all these conflicts, Chinese forces struck with no forewarning. Indeed, a 2010 Pentagon report points out that China has repeatedly carried out military pre-emption in the name of defence: in 1950, 1962, 1969 and 1979. According to the report, \"The history of modern Chinese warfare provides numerous case studies in which China's leaders have claimed military pre-emption as a strategically defensive act.\" The 1974 seizure of Paracel Islands was another example of offense as defence.The 1962 attack - justified as a defensive act by Beijing, which used Nehru's unguarded remarks (\"our instructions are to free our territory\") to brand India the aggressor - stands out for China's masterly blending of deception and surprise. The invasion, mounted from two separate fronts, caught India off guard. The \"stab-in-the-back\" was best summed up by Nehru , who told the nation that an \"unscrupulous opponent\" had returned \"evil for good.\"The aggression was cleverly planned and timed. It coincided with the start of the Cuban missile crisis, which put the Soviet Union and the US on the edge of a nuclear Armageddon. The very day the US lifted its quarantine of Cuba to end the crisis, China ceased its 32-day aggression against India. The cunning timing - just when global attention was focused on averting a nuclear catastrophe - ensured that India received no outside help.The deception began much earlier, in keeping with its perceived utility in both peacetime and wartime. One example was Premier Zhou En-lai's 1960 New Delhi visit, during which he dangled the carrot of a border settlement without putting his money where his mouth was.Of course, it didn't take much effort to trick the Indians, who had convinced themselves that by merely signing the 1954 Panchsheel Agreement, they had bought peace with China. This agreement actually provided a perfect cover for China to initiate aggressive plans against India. It took a war humiliation for India to wake up to the reality that a nation can get peace only if it is able to defend peace.Today, as part of its larger game of deception, China identifies Taiwan as the primary focus of its defence strategy. That is to divert international attention from its single-mindedness on achieving broader military goals. Taiwan serves metaphorically as a red carpet on which to invite all the bulls while Beijing busily seeks to accomplish bigger tasks.If the countries around India have become battlegrounds for China's moves to encircle India, it is because Beijing heeds Sun Tzu's counsel: \"Contain an adversary through the leverage of having made its neighbourhood hostile.\" Indeed, the more than three-decade-old border talks with India mesh well with China's use of strategic deception.As long as the territorial status quo is not accepted, the possibility that the Chinese military will strike again cannot be ruled out. Manmohan Singh's emphatic statement in the Lok Sabha last month that \"China will not attack India\" thus seems more than gratuitous. Disturbingly, the more timorous Singh has been, the more belligerent China has become.India needs to counter the asymmetrical capabilities China is fashioning to take an adversary by surprise. Its anti-satellite (ASAT) weapons, for example, are being designed to \"shock and awe\" in space. China is already waging a quiet cyber-war, as if to underscore its ability to sabotage vital infrastructure in wartime. Moreover, its military is developing a blitzkrieg approach to warfare: a surprise blitz will seek to stun, confound and overwhelm an opponent.The lasting lesson of 1962 is that India must be ready to repulse any kind of attack, including by undercutting the aggressor where it is the weakest. Otherwise, China's Achilles' heel - Tibet - will become a stronger launch-pad for aggressive acts.The writer is a strategic analyst", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11590798", "title": "Temple treasure: Documentation work to start next month", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Supreme Court appointed Committee on scientific documentation of treasures, locked up in the vaults of the famed Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple here, will commence its work in mid-February.After a joint meeting with the oversight committee here today, documentation panel co-ordinator and noted conservationist Dr M V Nair said that the work would start either on February 17 or 18.The state-run electronic equipment manufacturer Keltron would supply devices and gadgets required for documenting and evaluating the rare treasures, running into an estimated Rs one lakh crore.\"Today's meeting reviewed the progress made by Keltron in providing the equipment for the work. We are satisfied with the work done by Keltron. We expect to start the work by February 17 or 18,\" Nair told reporters.Nair, who replaced retired bureaucrat C V Ananda Bose as head of the panel, had earlier said the latest technology and international procedures would be applied in carrying out the work entrusted with the experts committee.The panel's job would include categorisation of the invaluable objects found in the 'kallaras' (vaults) of the sprawling temple into three--- those required for daily pujas and rituals of the temple, those not required for daily use and those which could be exhibited in a museum.An inventory committee, also constituted by the Apex Court, had opened five underground vaults of the temple in July last year and had found an amazing array of glittering articles, including gold and precious stones stashed in them.The inventory was ordered by the court based on litigation initiated by former IPS officer T P Sundara Rajan, who died last year.Sundar Rajan had pleaded for the state take over of the temple from a trust controlled by the Travancore royal family, which, Nair said, was important for secured preservation of the priceless wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11584491", "title": "'No Tobacco' theme this year", "text": "The growing number of oral cancer cases has raised a concern among the dentists of the city. The Nagpur branch of Indian Dental Association (IDA) has decided to follow the theme 'No Tobacco' for this year to do their bit towards this end. The association also aims at doing away with the obsolete and getting help from technical advancements in the field to ensure better dental services to their patients.The new team of city IDA took over the mantle on Saturday. it also underlines its vision for the dental services available in the city.Dr Vinod Agrawal was sworn in as new president of the association. Dr Manoj Chandak is the new secretary.\"People have lesser time and many more requirements. Accordingly, there should be a change in the type and level of services. I wish that our fraternity is better equipped to meet the new age demands,\" said the. had a clear vision about what he aims to do in his presidential tenure. \"I wish that the patients can avail maximum benefits of the technological advances available in the smallest clinics of the city,\" he said.\"In addition to the camps that we undertake in distant areas of the region, we have decided to take up a socially relevant cause under the aegis of the IDA this year. That is the reason for having 'No Tobacco' as the theme for the current year. We would be trying to make people understand the ill-effects of the abuse of this substance,\" Dr Manoj Chandak, secretary of IDA Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11584687", "title": "Camilo to now back 'popular' candidate", "text": "MARGAO: Adding to the suspense prevailing in Fatorda constituency, Camilo Barreto who had recently announced that he would be contesting the upcoming elections as an independent 'people's candidate, has in a sharp u-turn decided to back a 'popular' candidate from Fatorda.While addressing mediapersons in Margao, Barreto said that although he had begun his election campaign, he could not ignore the growing public anger towards the 'backstabbing and treachery that was suddenly being given acceptability by the national leadership of a prominent party'.Barreto claimed that while his campaign so far had evoked a positive response from Scheduled Tribes in particular, he would hold a meeting with his supporters and workers shortly, where he would take the decision 'to back a 'popular' candidate from Fatorda in the upcoming assembly elections.\"Candidates who have done nothing for Fatorda are dreaming of representing Fatorda with the eventual intention of furthering the long standing divide and rule policy that exists in Fatorda politics,\" added Barreto.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "11584831", "title": "Motihari remembers son of the soil", "text": "MOTIHARI: A large number of people paid floral tributes to \"son of the soil\" George Orwell on his death anniversary here on Saturday. The British author, known for his acclaimed works like \"The Animal Farm\" and \"1984\", was born here on June 25, 1903. Orwell's bust was garlanded by writers, students, members of Rotary Club and others on the occasion. East Champaran DM Abhijit Sinha also paid floral tributes to Orwell.The DM said the state government had declared the birthplace of Orwell here a protected site on December 10, 2010, and the art and culture department had allotted Rs 32 lakh for beautification of the campus and construction of roads, boundary walls, gates and drainage. The boundary walls are under construction and one of the two gates has already been completed.Hedem de Konn, a Millbury University (US) research scholar, also paid tributes to Orwell. \"I am fortunate enough to see the birthplace of the great author and happy to learn that state government is taking so much interest in beautification of this historical place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11583988", "title": "UID poses national security threat: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Saturday said inclusion of all Indian residents in the Unique Identification (UID) number scheme would present a threat to the nation's security by giving illegal migrants rights of citizens.\"In many parts of India, infiltrators from Bangladesh are there, there are people from Pakistan living in parts, they are not citizens of India, but terror, trouble and destabilization is fomented by them,\" party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.\"The UID would include all residents, not citizens. So the overlapping between the national population register and UID, who will answer it?\" he asked. The BJP leader said the issue of national security cannot be different from development.\"Can the issue of development be diverse from national security? In many parts, specially in the north-east, illegal immigrants have manipulated documents, like ration cards, voter I-cards, and got several rights. If we give them UID, they will say they are citizens of India,\" he claimed.Nearly 12 crore UID numbers have been issued so far. \"Confusion, chaos, differences and turf war has become the defining and disturbing feature of nearly all decisions of the UPA government. Ministers don't agree, ministries differ and there is serious disconnect between the Congress and the allies on many policy initiatives,\" said Prasad, adding that the latest in this saga of uncertainty is the battle between the ministry of home and the Planning Commission on the preparation of UID.Even the parliamentary standing committee has criticized the UID Bill that in substance gives statutory status to the Authority, which means overlapping with the National Population Register that is also engaged in capturing and storing the biometric data.\"By what time frame the national register of Indian citizen will be ready? Is the government taking measures to ensure that security issue is being addressed while preparing the NPR? What is the sanctity and integrity of the data being collected by the UIDAI?\" the party asked.BJP demands that these issues be clarified, and UID should not be rushed through without addressing serious national security concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11585778", "title": "Teachers stage protest in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Teachers of Vivekananda English Medium School staged a protest under the banner of Dharwad District Unaided English Medium School Employees Welfare Association after boycotting classes on Saturday, in old Hubli against the school management which they said has failed to fulfill its promise.Association vice president R Ranjan told TOI that in November, management had agreed to raise basic salary of the employees. \"However, the management has not kept its promise. Salary and other allowances have not been raised,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11583277", "title": "Beti Bachao Abhiyan: Rally at Green Park", "text": "KANPUR: Around 500 girls from Dayanand Girls Degree College and different parts of the city would gather at Green Park on Sunday, where the district magistrate and chief medical officer would honour them. This would be done as part of the ongoing 'Beti Bachao Abhiyaan'.According to sources, some schemes for girls would also be announced on the occasion. The district magistrate will also give away prizes to the winners of poster competition held on the topic of 'Beti Bachao' (save the girl child).Other administrative and medical officials will also address the event.A march past and rally will be flagged off by the district magistrate from the main gate of Dayanand Girls College. It would end at Green Park. The event will start at 12 noon.Elaborating about the aim of the 'Beti Bachao Abhiyaan', the CMO said that this event is to strike a balance in sex ratio and to create awareness among the people that girl child is not a burden.Several skits and educational camps were held on the day four of the campaign. 'Nukkad nataks' held in various areas attracted large crowds. The heinous crime of female foeticide and importance of the girl child were highlighted.Meanwhile, raids continued on various ultrasound and sonograpy centres on Saturday to check whether Pre-conception and Pre-natal Sex Determination Test (PC&PNDT;) Act is being violated or not. Those found violating the Act must be dealt with an iron fist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-22"}
