{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158603", "title": "NH-7 project upgrade to abide by wildlife protection norms", "text": "NAGPUR: After recommending seven elevated structures on NH-6 that cuts through vital tiger populations of Central India, the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, while reviewing NHAI's revised proposal for four-laning of NH-7, has recommended additional structures with 7-metre height.The WII has also kept the option to use alternative Seoni-Chhindwara route with proper mitigation measures in three forest patches to retain connectivity to Satpuda-Bori-Pench tiger reserves.On the direction of Supreme Court, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) submitted a modified proposal for diversion of forest land for proposed four-laning of NH-7 between Seoni in Madhya Pradesh and Mansar in Maharashtra.The court had directed the government to approach the authorities under Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 to consider NHAI's revised proposal. The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) discussed the proposal in a technical committee meeting on December 8, 2011, and gave it to the WII for review on NHAI's behalf. A two-member WII team had visited NH-6 and NH-7 from January 25 to February 7.For four-laning NHAI needs forest land on around 55km patch in South Seoni Forest Division and periphery of Pench Tiger Reserve in MP (Seoni to Khawasa) and in 37km from Pench-Mansinghdeo sanctuary (Deolapar and Mansar). Of the total 89km road, around 60km touches dense forests that are also tiger corridors.On MP side, NHAI had scaled down its demand for forest land from 71 hectares to 36 hectares. On Maharashtra side, the damage to wildlife and forests would be more severe despite NHAI revising proposal from acquiring 113 hectare to 51 hectare. The NHAI also reduced the right of way (ROW) from 60 metres to 30 metres.However, WII has said reduction in ROW will increase the probability of animal fatality by vehicles. The reduction in ROW will reduce the number of trees cut without delivering positive impacts for wildlife using the road edge.The NHAI suggested 39 structures (14 underpasses and 25 pipe/slab/box culverts) in 9km patch passing through Pench but WII recommended 11 underpasses with change in height for all the underpasses from 4 mt to 7 mt and change of width from 70 mt to 200 mt. Similarly, WII has recommended 22 structures for culverts.The WII says the small structures suggested by NHAI were suitable for animals like amphibians, lizards, snakes and small mammals such as mongoose, civets, but not for big mammals like leopards, tigers and bisons.Studies conducted by the environmental impact assessment cell (EIAC) of the WII concluded that there were well established crossing zones for wildlife animals on different locations in the section. The WII recommended 5 additional structures 600 to 800 metres in length and 7 metres in height on section passing through South Seoni Forest Division.On Maharashtra side, NHAI suggested construct six underpasses - four of 7 by 3.5 metres and two of 12 by 5.5 metres, besides, 15 bridges of varied dimensions and 17 box and slab culverts.The WII says height of these underpasses and bridges should not be less than 7 metres. Based on site inspection by its team, WII has recommended 10 additional structures ranging from 200 to 2,000 mt length and with 7 metres height.The WII is also open to using alternative Seoni-Chhindwara route and retaining two-lane road along Pench.The Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), which is fighting to protect the vital corridor, says the existing NH-7 can be used from Nagpur to Amdi and can be joined to NH-26B via Parsheoni-Khapa-Saoner.The tract between Mansar and Seoni should be maintained under forest supervision and control. This road can be used for day traffic and only for locals and not for heavy vehicles. \"Large construction work will disturb wildlife and also destroy ecology,\" WTI officials said.However, NHAI the alignment via Chhindwara will increase length from 125km to 198km (73km) and involves realignment in 21km of ghat area of forest. Besides, 927 hectares of land, 480 hectares of fresh alignment, 163 hectares for forest alignment and 284 hectares of extra land for widening will be required and will involve felling of 81,500 trees.WTI says NHAI has already started widening of Chhindwara road and has felled hundreds of trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "14167519", "title": "Bhavnagar braces up for Jagannath Rath Yatra", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: The city is gearing up for the 27th Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath here on June 21, the second-largest procession in the state after Ahmedabad.\"We are busy making preparations for the 17-km long procession. There will be 100 trucks, five jeeps, 15 chhakdas, five horses, five elephants, several 'mandlis' and 'akhadas'. Members of 'akhdas' will demonstrate their skills during the day-long yatra,\" president of Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra Mahotsav Samiti Harubhai Gondaliya said.Gondaliya said for the first time 'flowers will be showered' on the Lord by a remote operated helicopter at five junctions along the Rath Yatra route.The Rath Yatra will begin at 8 am on June 21 from Bhagvaneswar Mahadev Temple in Subhashnagar and pass through Ghogha Circle, Rupani Circle, Devarajnagar, Radha Mandir, Marine Society, Nilam Baug Chowk, Nirmal Nagar, Jasonath Chowk, Haluriya and Khar Gate among other places.\"About 5 lakh devotees are expected to join the Rath Yatra,\" Gondaliya said.Bhavnagar police are making an elaborate security arrangement for the Rath Yatra. \"At least 3,000 security personnel will be deployed along the 17-km long Rath Yatra route. There would 11 deputy superintendents of police, 25 police inspectors, 85 sub-inspectors and five State Reserve Police companies. Rapid Action Force personnel will also be deployed in adequate numbers,\" superintendent of police, Bhavangar, Maninder Singh Pawar told TOI.\"For the first time, we will have closed circuit television cameras installed on watch towers at seven hyper sensitive areas along the Rath Yatra's route. Three days before the Rath Yatra, a flag march will be carried out in the city,'' Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14180253", "title": "Presidential poll: BJD sticks to stand, to back Sangma", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With PA Sangma insisting on contesting the presidential poll, the ruling BJD in Odisha, which was the first to moot his name, said on Saturday there was no change in its decision to back him.\"As of now there is no change in our decision on the presidential poll. BJD sticks to its support for Sangma, a prominent tribal leader. We are determined to back Sangma,\" senior leader and BJD parliamentary party leader Arjun Sethi told reporters after a two-hour meeting at the Naveen Niwas.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik and senior BJD leaders held a meeting on Friday night and during the day after UPA announced the name of senior Congress leader and union finance minister as its presidential candidate.BJD vice-president and finance minister Prafulla Ghadai said the party had proposed Sangma's name for the top post taking into consideration his stature as a tribal leader for which he was respected across the country.\"As long as Sangma is in the race for the post of President BJD will support him whole-heartedly. There is no question of changing our decision,\" he said.BJD was closely watching developments, Ghadai said, adding in case the former Lok Sabha leader decided to pull out of the race, the BJD supremo and senior leaders would take a fresh look at the matter.The BJD supremo was the first to moot the name of Sangma for the presidential poll. Sangma later received support from AIADMK president and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa.The state's ruling BJD has 104 MLAs and 21 MPs, including seven Rajya Sabha members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170295", "title": "'Policy framework of higher education needs expert, careful handling'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The recent decision of Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD), regarding a single unified test for admission to technical institutions including IITs was taken in haste without taking the Senates of IITs into confidence, opines the FEDUCTA (Federation of Central Universities Teachers' Association). Talking to media persons, president of FEDUCTA, Prof Girish Tripathi, on Friday said that the higher education is a delicate issue of national importance and its policy frame work, its implementation and management needs experience, expertise and careful handling. Quality and excellence are the corner stones on which the entire fabric of higher education depends and to achieve these goals autonomy is of paramount importance. Educationists have always been of the opinion that major policy decisions and fresh initiatives should be taken only after wide ranging deliberations with the faculty.He further said that the purported objective of this proposed test is to minimize the inconvenience to a very large number of students who are required to appear in a number of entrance tests conducted by different agencies. Secondly it is being argued that by taking into consideration the marks obtained at plus + 2 level the menace of coaching will be curbed to a large extent. It is also being said that the quality of education in schools and colleges will improve.\"FEDUCTA is not fully convinced as to how the proposed test will be able to achieve the self proclaimed goals of MHRD. For ushering an era of quality education the government needs to provide better infrastructure, highly qualified teachers, well equipped library, laboratory etc\", said Prof Tripathi. FEDUCTA is also of the opinion that proposed test will have no effect as far as the menace of coaching is concerned. The present model of IIT-JEE tests was designed by the faculties of IITs to test the depth of knowledge, creativity, innovative capacity and overall suitability of the students for thriving and excelling in the atmosphere provided by IITs. The test has proved its worth for the last several decades and it is a widely accepted fact that the IIT graduates have done exceedingly well in top class Universities abroad both in imparting quality education and in doing cutting edge researches, he added.However, welcoming the decision of the Senates of various IITs not to toe the ill thought and half baked decision of MHRD, FEDUCTA fervently appeals that MHRD should not try to impose its will on IITs and a much better option will be to enter into consultation with the faculty of IITs on this very vital issue, said the president of FEDUCTA. He further said that the federation strongly feels that any unilateral decision in this regard will be conceived as an infringement upon the autonomy of IITs which may ultimately result in creating academic uncertainly, dilution of academic standard and tarnishing the coveted global brand of quality and excellence for which IITs are known worldwide. FEDCUTA will like to caution them to honor the autonomy of the Universities and refrain from interfering in their routine functioning, said Prof Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163512", "title": "Two-year toil pays Jagan rich dividends", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"All politicians are corrupt. Voters take this as a given. They vote for the neta who shares part of what he makes, with them. This is the message I get,\" remarked Shyam Sundar, a corporate manager after learning that Jagan had swept the bypolls. Jagan, of course, has never been in power but his father Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had conjured all sorts of schemes to offer booty to the voters. This included free houses for the poor, free medical aid including surgeries for the poor, free power for farmers, rice at Rs 2 a kg and college fee reimbursement for backward class students among others. All the schemes were funded from the exchequer and for good measure the YSR regime had juggled the number of poor in the state- they accounted for 85% of the population.This way, a larger number of voters could be 'bribed' by the schemes and more funds could be had from the Planning Commission (whose assistance is directly proportional to the number of poor). \"Now, voters believe that if Jagan becomes the chief minister, he will do an encore of what his father did. So they have plumped for him,\" said a senior politician of the TDP. He added: \"Voters have also become greedy. It is not enough anymore to develop a constituency. Voters ask what will you do for me.\"Analysts say that Jagan's main achievement was that he was able to portray himself as the legatee of his father. This he did by an almost continuous two-year yatra that took him to the nooks and corners of the state. \"It was like a continuous non-stop election campaign that brought him closer to the people,\" an analyst said. Rajasekhara Reddy- who had languished out of power for long - often attributed his success to a prolonged padayatra across the state. \"That helped me to develop a rapport with the people and taught me what they wanted,\" he told TOI once. Jagan obviously had a similar learning in the last three years. This has been aided by the fact that he is not burdened with the hangover that characterizes politicians of the pre-liberalization era. The Congress and the TDP which were routed in the polls had no strong positive agenda to counter Jagan. Hence they were playing the game on the turf set by the YSR Congress. This also led to their defeat and contrariwise win for Jagan men, \" analysts perceived.In Andhra Pradesh , the Congress has been the party of the dominant Reddy caste for the last few decades. Sonia Gandhi had appointed Kiran Reddy as the chief minister to crown him as the leader of the Reddys. But these elections demonstrate that the Reddys have transferred their loyalty to the YSR Congress. Though Reddys are merely 8% of AP's population, they are dominant in thousands of villages and influence the behavior of the entire population. This is what has happened in the byelections. Jagan, a Christian is also the beneficiary of Dalit Christian votes and their number is considerable in the state.Although the election results have not come as a surprise, the weakening position of the Congress at the Centre is now making many feel that Jagan is now an unstoppable force. \"He is the future chief minister no doubt about that,\" said a top ranking civil servant of the state. Such a belief is obviously going to influence the behavior of this and similar officers towards Jagan men in the coming months and result in advantage to YSR Congress. \"Were the Congress strong at the Centre and able to implement its wishes, the expectations would have been different. But wonder whether a weak Congress can rein in Jagan for a prolonged period,\" an anti-Jagan Congressman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14173818", "title": "Formulating Success", "text": "When most students were on a break after their class XII board examinations, Raghavendra Ramachandran was busy working on his science project that he presented at the International Science and Engineering Fair in May. The basic science project model demonstrated energy conservation through the use of Visible Light De-oxygenationa process of removal of oxygen atom from alcoholic substrates. I was working on the project for over five months in Germany and it was my interest in chemistry that drove me to take on the project, says Raghavendra who has been actively involved in research for two years. Most fuels consist of hydrocarbons and this project uses visible light to convert the products of combustion back into fuel, he says, If applied, this can go a long way in regenerating fuel. With the current fuel crisis assuming worrying proportions, this can truly bring a positive change and a radical new approach to energy conservation.Apart from being awarded the Best Category award in chemistry, Raghavendra has also been awarded the SIYSS Dudley Herschbach award, an equivalent to the Third Best Project in the world (for all categories). The prize includes an all-expenses-paid trip to the largest youth science conference (which includes taking part in the Nobel Prize Ceremony in Stockholm ). Only 25 such students are invited from all over the world, and the ISEF can pick only three such students each year.Keen on further research, Raghavendra plans on continuing his work and seeing the project take shape. He has represented India at ISEF 2011 as well. The experience at ISEF is wonderful as it gives youngsters an opportunity to witness numerous projects and their results under one roof, he says, The kind of questions that the judges ask there made me think twice and look at my project in a new light, adds Raghavendra who was recently awarded a distinction in the Australian Chemistry Quiz. Explaining the future applications of his study, he says, Since it is a basic sciences project, it explores how sunlight can interact with molecules that serve as building blocks of life forms. Photosensitive drugs that decompose to specified pathways on interaction with visible light can address many questions in biology. They can even be used as probes in biological experiments. Surgical methods can also make use of visible light. The possibilities are endless.Dedicating most of his time to science and research projects, he finds playing the Veena a perfect way to unwind and relax. I also read mystery novels when I get the time. Im not much of an outdoor person and my dust allergy is the perfect excuse to skip playing outdoor games with friends, he adds.Post ISEF, Raghavendra plans on returning to Germany to pursue his undergraduate degree in Science, specialising with a Masters degree in Chemistry or Bio-Chemistry. I have been interested in chemistry for the last four years. The subject has also helped me in my research. Only once my fundamentals were strong, did I decide to take up research projects at the Madras University, Indian Institute of Science and the University of Regensburg, he says.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158987", "title": "Now, North Goa tourist taxi owners oppose high security registration plates", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa tourist taxi owners association (NGTTOA) on Friday joined the all Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) to oppose the installation of high security registration plates (HSRP) in Goa, alleging that the government was unwilling to clarify several doubts on the HSRP issue.Briefing mediapersons, representatives of the two associations said the government was not willing to clarify several doubts they had regarding the HSRP.NGTTOA vice president Ravindra Vengurlekar said his association, with over 1,900 members, had given a representation to the chief minister seeking clarification on the HSRP three months ago. But their doubts have not been cleared.The main questions which transporters are asking are 'what security is there in the HSRP?' and 'how will our vehicles be tracked if they are stolen?'But the NGTTOA has other concerns. Their representation stated that every two years, taxi owners have to remove the number plates for painting the taxis.Refitting a new plate will involve more costs. The NGTTOA also thinks that it will be troublesome to seek permissions to remove and fix the plates which will involve several visits to the RTO office. The NGTTOA has demanded concessional rate for public transporters.But AGPBOA general secretary Sudip Tamankar directly accused the chief minister of misleading the public on HSRP. Referring to the chief minister's recent statement that if Goa does not implement HSRP by June 30, Goa will be in contempt of the Supreme Court, Tamankar said that it was the state director of transport, who had himself filed an affidavit in the Supreme court agreeing to implement HSRP by June 30.\"The Goa government can easily file another affidavit seeking more time till all our doubts on the HSRP issue are cleared,\" the general secretary said.Tamankar questioned how the HSRP, which in the earlier contract cost Rs 1,200, was now costing around Rs 450.\"Will the quality of the number plate still be good with such drastic reduction in price,\" Tamankar added.He also demanded to know whether the government would refund the money of about 4500 persons who already fixed HSRP on their vehicles at higher costs. \"When all these doubts are cleared, we can think of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14167267", "title": "Offences under Pre Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act should be categorized, suggests state board", "text": "JAIPUR: The state supervisory board, the apex body for the implementation of the Pre Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994, would send its recommendations to the Central Supervisory Board to differentiate between major and minor offences under the PCPNDT Act.The decision was taken at the meeting of the state supervisory board held at medical directorate on Friday.The meeting was chaired by health minister AA Khan and attended by representatives of various departments including women and child development, radiologists and gynecologists.Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA) (Rajasthan state branch) took up the issue recently when collectors of various districts intensified action against radiologists for violation of the PCPNDT Act.PCPNDT Act state appropriate authority Gayatri Rathore said, \"Within 15 days we will send the recommendations to the Central Supervisory Board for the amendments in the PCPNDT Act. As there is no mention of major and minor offences in the Act, it is one of the recommendations the state supervisory board will send to the Board.\"IRIA (Rajasthan state branch) treasurer Dr Zafar M Rafique said, \"The provision of penalty is the same for every kind of violation of the PCPNDT Act. If a radiologist or a sonologist is not wearing a batch mentioning his/her name and designation at the time of conducting sonography, the penalty is the same as one caught red-handed carrying out sex selection tests. The Act doesn't categorize offences as major or minor.\"The state supervisory board also discussed ways to ensure effective implementation of the Act and to stop sex selection practice and female feticide.The officials pointed out that the people themselves have to stop discriminating between a boy and a girl to curb the corrupt practice of sex selection and female feticide.The officials discussed the issue of over lapping of various clauses under the PCPNDT Act and the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14167011", "title": "Car short circuit leads to Sadar Bazar fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out at two paint shops in Sabzi Mandi Ghanta Ghar in Sadar Bazar on Friday evening after a car parked outside the shops caught fire.A short circuit in the car is beleived to be the cause of the blaze. Police said that thirty three fire tenders were dispatched to the spot after they received a call at around 6:37pm. No casualties have been reported yet, and the fire department controlled the fire within hours.\"The fire could have easily spread but the fire department officials controlled it taking almost three hours to contain it. The employees immediately evacuated the shops and called the fire officials,\" said a Delhi Fire Services Department official.\"The area was immediately evacuated and the fire drills helped in doing so. The exact reason for the fire is yet to be traced but till now we are zeroing on short circuiting in the car,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14175309", "title": "I know Ayushmann in and out: Tahira", "text": "Veejay turned actor Ayushmann Khurana has a deep understanding with his wife Tahira. That's why she's never heard making a hue and cry about her hubby's professional life.A theatre person, Tahira says, \"When Ayush discussed the script of 'Vicky Donor' with me I was sceptical, but it turned out to be one without any vulgarity. I have full faith in him.\" Tahira, who is pursuing teaching in Mumbai, is happy for her hubby. However, what makes them a stylish couple is their deep understanding and trust. \"We both have been together since ages and I trust him blindly,\" she says. So, with Ayush grabbing the limelight, has she become wary about intimate on screen scenes? \"Not at all. It's a professional commitment and I understand that it's unavoidable. And moreover I know him in and out. So, just chill,\" she laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14181655", "title": "This history-sheeter took to crime young", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mukesh, the ring leader for the four history sheeters who were arrested by the crime branch on Friday had his first encounter with crime in 1995 when he was a class XII student.Mukesh Panchal alias Pampi, a resident of Jashodanagar, used to work as a bodyguard of a cable TV operator.A crime branch official said that in 1995, when Mukesh was in standard XII, he had committed his first murder. Mukesh used to then stay with his family in Gomtipur and his father was a railway employee. He killed the man who used to molest his friend's sister.He was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1998 in the same case. Till 2005 he was in jail and later went absconding after jumping parole. During this period he met with other gangsters and joined the cable TV war between rival operators.In 2011 he was caught by Surat police in connection with the cable war. While in jail he approached the Gujarat high court and appealed that when he was arrested first, he was a minor.He pleaded before the court that now as the juvenile law was in force, he should be pardoned. The court acepted his plea. After getting out on bail in the Surat case, Mukesh had given these weapons to the four at a cost of Rs 1 lakh each.These facts were revealed during an investigation after the crime branch on Friday arrested four history-sheeters and seized five firearms from the accused, all of whom are booked for various offenses linked to the ongoing cable TV war.Of the weapons seized, four are automatic pistols. Crime branch's police inspector Paresh Patel had received a tip-off which led the cops to first arrest Akhilesh Dubey, a resident of Khodiyarnagar and Lokesh Shetty alias Nagraj, a resident of Bopal. The cops seized three pistols and six cartridges from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180251", "title": "I am not playing second lead anymore: Taapsee Pannu", "text": "Taapsee Pannu is done with playing second fiddle in movies. The actress is very upset with recent reports doing the rounds in the media about her playing the second female lead in director Sundar C Babu's new Tamil flick. Vishal is playing the lead in the movie which has Taapsee and Varalaxmi (Sarath Kumar's daughter) in the movie. The actress did not mince words to express her displeasure. \"Came across the CRAPPIEST article written recently, so let me give them a piece of my mind. I am not playing 2nd lead in any of my movies anymore\", she wrote on her twitter account.There had been speculations that Varalaxmi being concerned that Taapsee could overshadow her with her glamour. \"Especially in my Tamil movies, I don't have a glamorous role at all! So kindly check your knowledge before u misuse d space u get online to write!\" she posted on her twitter page rubbishing the hearsay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/ jaipur", "code": "14161718", "title": "Bus, truck collide in Jalore; 18 burnt alive", "text": "JAISALMER/ JAIPUR: At least 18 people were burnt alive and 42 others were hurt when a private bus caught fire after colliding with a truck carrying inflammable material in Jalore district on Friday.The incident occurred at 5.30 pm at Sivan village in Sanchor tehsil of the district when a bus from Dhorimana to Deesa carrying nearly 50 passengers collided head on with a truck. Both the bus and the truck caught fire and overturned.Villagers from nearby areas rushed to the spot. A police rescue team and administration officials soon followed. Of the deceased, 13 were men, three women while two bodies were burnt beyond recognition.\"Several passengers got trapped inside the bus. We managed to rescue 30 people. The condition of one is said to be critical. He has been referred to a hospital in Deesa town in Gujarat ,\" said RK Soni, sub divisional magistrate, Jalore.Superintendent of Police, Jalore, Deepak Kumar said, \"So far, not a single deceased has been identified. The bus driver who managed to survive is being asked to identify the passengers. The police and medical teams are also talking to injured patients to expedite the process of identifying the deceased.\"The officer said that the ill-fated bus belonged to one Vishnoi Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14165606", "title": "Times Consumer Expo starts", "text": "MANGALORE: The Times Consumer Expo 2012, the three-day shopping mela, commenced at Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre here on Friday.City police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh inaugurated the mela. He said that the fair would give opportunity for consumers in the city to see and buy world-class products. \"The Times Group serve as a link between consumers and companies,\" he added.The shopping mela, which is being organized with a different concept by Vijaya Karnataka and Times of India, will showcase world-class products of various companies for the consumers of Mangalore. Builders, real estate dealers, housing finance, lifestyle product manufacturers, furniture makers, cosmetics companies, dealers of electronic equipment, home appliance, fitness equipment, software and hardware were brought under one umbrella in the expo.Bharath Auto Cars, Mahindra and Mahindra, Advaith Hyundai, BMW, Yamaha, Honda, Property Infratech, Land Trades, Abhilash Builders, Property Mysore, Vishwas Bawa Builders, SMR Builders, Fern Valley Group, LG Electronics, Prestige, Samyaka, Sleepwell Matress, Amway, Essar Lens, Heka Fitness, Parag milk products, Bento DVD, Easy Mob, DHFL Housing Finance, LIC, Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India Limited, SOTC Travels and Unitech Software are some of the companies participating in the expo.Times VPL Limited (TVL) chief executive officer Sunil Rajshekar, TVL associate vice-president Sundar Kondur, general manager (South) KR Arun and Vijaya Karnataka resident editor UK Kumarnath, TVL RMD chief manager Navaneeth Shetty, response division senior manager Ramakrishna and Mindscape Exhibitions Private Limited director MI Sait were the present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164931", "title": "West Delhi dogged by low pressure, contamination", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the clock struck 2, Anila Devi and her sister-in-law rushed out of their Patel Nagar house with buckets, utensils and containers. For half an hour they had their eyes glued to the tap but they weren't able to fill a single bucket. Acute water shortage is not the problem here. The pressure at which water is supplied is too low.\"We have been having a tough time since many days. Even though the Board supplies water twice a day, the pressure is so low that we can't fill more than two buckets in one hour,\" said Devi.Anupam Mullick, another Patel Nagar resident, agrees. \"We have been facing water-related problems for the last few years, but the situation has gone from bad to worse in the last couple of days,\" said Mullick. Though the water supply is regular, it's very scanty.In absolute desperation, some have had to visit their friends/relatives' homes to bathe. Gulshan Hayar is one such resident. \"After prolonged efforts, three days ago, we finally managed to get a tanker. With no boring and scarce supply it has become really difficult to manage our daily water requirements,\" he said. Hayar's family spends around Rs 250 per day on mineral water bottles.While residents of Patel Nagar are struggling with reduced water flow, those in colonies like 0 are faced with another problem \u2014 contaminated supply. Amit Roy, a resident, says that the first 2-3 bottles he fills go waste as the water is filthy. \"Earlier, we used to clean filters in the RO water purifier once a fortnight. However, the poor quality of water has made it mandatory for us to clean them daily,\" he said.Other west Delhi areas, including Moti Nagar, Kirti Nagar, Karol Bagh, and Rajendra Nagar are also reeling under the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14168171", "title": "RTOs set to hire to clear backlog", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport department is recruiting additional manpower for the three regional transport offices (RTOs) in Mumbai to address the staff shortage that had created a great backlog in granting and renewing licences. TOI had recently written about the staff crunch and the resultant accumulation of work.Officials said the RTOs at Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala will get as many as 200 personnel beginning the end of this month. The recruitment is expected to bring relief to Mumbaikars who will no longer be inconvenienced by delays in getting a new licence or renewing an old one. By RTO officials' own admission, the delay in renewing licences had become as long as two months, evoking complaints from citizens, auto and taxi unions as well as transporters. Citizens had also complained of hold-ups in getting RC books and about long queues to pay taxes, the reason for which was the lack of clerical staff.\"We are finally getting new employees after pursuing the matter for about two years with superiors at Mantralaya. This is good news,\" said an official on condition of anonymity. He added that, because of the staff shortage, some clerks at RTOs had to be entrusted with double duties and were unable to take offs or go on long vacations. \"The recruitment will ease the burden on the department.\"TOI had recently highlighted that, in the past decade, the number of driving licences had risen by nearly 100% in the city and the vehicular population more than doubled. In 2011, the car and two-wheeler figures in Mumbai crossed 20 lakh. \"This had put more burden on our department,\" said an RTO official at Andheri. \"Recently, we had to specially call for additional staff from other RTOs to clear some of the backlog.\"Officers said there were also plans to recruit retired transport department staffers at the three Mumbai RTOs on a contract basis, but this could not be confirmed from the transport commissioner's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163463", "title": "Wife sent to judicial custody for 14 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Government Railway Police (GRP), Haryana, have arrested the wife of deceased constable Manjit Singh, Vishu Tanwar, who is also a constable with Chandigarh Police, under the charges of abetment to commit suicide on Friday. Constable Manjit, 25, committed suicide after jumping before a moving train on June 3. Deceased Singh had left a suicide note blaming his wife Vishu and her parents for the extreme step.Sources in police said accused Vishu was produced in the special GRP court in Ambala and sent in judicial custody for 14 days. Deceased Manjit and Vishu had tied the knot after dramatic events among allegation counter-allegations of rape and black mailing four months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165049", "title": "Movie buffs have a new venue to watch favorite films", "text": "LUDHIANA: The movie buffs of the city will have a new venue to watch and discuss the movies they miss out on because of the hype of popular cinema with the starting of a FilmYi Club this Saturday.The club is being launched by city-based young industrialists, doctors and advocates who are a part of the Ludhiana chapter of Young Indians (an integral part of the Confederation of Indian Industry). These members will screen the movies which are not released in theatres and multiplexes at their places one by one.Director of Akal Springs, Sifti Riat, 25, who is the co-chairperson of Young Indians (YI) Ludhiana chapter, conceived the idea of starting a FilmYi Club. She says there are many low budget movies by independent film makers that are not screened. \"All types of films, including cult movies, modern-day classics and documentaries will be screened in the club,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14160219", "title": "Govt explores ways to cut home prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anxious with spiraling property prices, the Union housing ministry has sought views from private developers and builders to evolve a strategy for reducing the time taken in approval of real estate projects that can help bring down the cost of houses.The ministry, which has set up a committee to suggest ways to streamline approval procedures for real estate projects, estimated that a consumer could end up paying 25%-40% less if the timing of granting approval is reduced to only six-eight weeks.Concerned about the growing housing shortage, the ministry wants to develop an acceptable fast-track approval for realty projects executed by private developers to bridge the huge accommodation deficit in the country mainly for economically weaker sections and low income groups (LIG).The ministry has been pushing for promoting affordable housing by streamlining guidelines on public-private partnership.According to latest estimates, housing shortage stands at around 27 million units, and at least half of that are for people who cannot afford to own a house. The ministry hopes that once the approval time is cut, developers and builders will pass on the reduced cost in construction of houses to consumers.The ministry expects suggestions from developers and public about type of reforms for streamlining project approval process for real estate projects without interfering or jeopardizing the existing development control norms.Realty experts say, now around 70 approvals are needed for a housing project, and the entire process takes between two and three years. Housing minister Kumari Selja has said that the government was looking at a single-window clearance for building houses.There is realization in the ministry that the target of affordable housing cannot be met without supporting private players and forging viable partnerships among the Centre, state governments and urban local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14164163", "title": "Bad roads an eyesore in Bhubaneswar's core", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though Unit-IX area boasts of central location and vital educational institutions like Capital High School, St Joseph's High School, Bhima Bhoi School for the Blind, Kendriya Vidyalaya-I, colony of government quarters, religious institutions like Baya Baba mutt, basic civic amenities elude the residents.The case in point is the condition of roads. Uneven levelling of the road, incomplete road divider and roadside drains speak volume about the local administration's lackadaisical attitude to improve infrastructure in the posh locality. The negligence is not only evident in the lanes and by-lanes but also on the chief arterial road connecting Ram Mandir to Housing Board Square.Though the works department started repairing the road and constructing new drains along the Ram Mandir - Housing Board Square route in the beginning of last year, the work is moving at snail's pace. The under construction drain is frequently taking a toll on passersby as well as stray animals.A bull fell into the under construction drain in April. Firemen took over an hour to take the badly-injured animal out. \"It is so dangerous. Even schoolchildren and commuters may fall into the ditch and get pierced by rods radiating from the concrete slabs,\" said Priyabrata Barik, who had a narrow shave from falling into the drain recently.Several iron rods are standing out without any cover in 200 metre portion of the half-constructed structure. The road remains invariably busy because of the Exhibition Ground and Ekamra Haat and the three major schools located there. Besides, it is an important connecting link between Janpath and Sachivalaya Marg. \"The agency undertaking the work should be more careful. It is very dangerous and a big cause of concern, putting several lives at risk,\" said Mayor Anant Narayan Jena.The patch would continue to remain a threat for a few more months as the contractor executing the work for PWD (division-1) was removed recently. \"We had to remove the contractor because of slow progress of the Rs 4 crore-project. Just around 20% work was complete. We will re-tender the work,\" said PWD executive engineer Manoranjan Tripathy. Tripathy said PWD would take steps to prevent accidents in the stretch till another contractor takes over.The Capital High School authorities have raised their concern umpteen times with the works department, but to no avail. \"We are concerned about the safety of our students. The road and drain should be completed immediately,\" said headmistress Bandana Mohapatra.Local residents alleged that the government is not taking steps to create parking lots near the Exhibition Ground. Traffic management goes for a toss whenever any event takes place at the venue. Traffic is equally chaotic in front of the St Joseph's High School and Kendriya Vidyalay-I. \"I will discuss with BMC functionaries to open parking spaces near the Exhibtion Ground and schools,\" local corporator (ward no 36) Sheikh Nizamuddin said.\"I have also urged the works department to build a service road in the locality to help people, mostly those living in government quarters to avoid traffic on the Janpath,\" Nizamuddin said. \"Though the department has constructed service roads at other places, it is still a non-starter in Unit-IX,\" the corporator said.Local resident and vice-president of Odisha Environmental Society Prabhakar Rout said the area is becoming increasingly polluted because of the dwindling green cover. \"BMC should carry out massive plantation in the area. Better drainage, sewerage and sanitation facilities should be made available to us,\" Rout said.When asked about the proposed priority projects in ward no-36, Nizamuddin said that he would try to construct as many public toilets in this ward. \"There is no public toilet in the ward. Visitors to the Exhibition Ground and other important locations face sheer inconvenience due to the absence of public toilets,\" he said.There is also a vision to build low-cost housing projects under Rajiv Awas Yojna for slum dwellers in the ward. \"This will help the government retrieve huge patches of its land from the clutches of encroachers. The encroached Lake area near BDA City Centre can be developed for public purpose,\" Nizamuddin said. He said a budgetary allocation of Rs 70 lakh has been made for 2012-13 as against Rs 60 lakh during last fiscal for overall development of the ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14168317", "title": "Beed doctors couple's bail plea rejected", "text": "AURANGABAD: Justice T V Nalawade of the Aurangabad Bench of the Bombay High Court on Friday rejected the petition of the doctor couple Sudam and Saraswati Munde, confirming the decision of Ambejogai additional sessions judge cancelling the bail granted to them in the PCPNDT case.The additional sessions judge at Ambejogai had cancelled the bail of Sudam and Saraswati Munde of Parli- Vaijanath, which they were granted in connection with the violation of the PCPNDT Act. Earlier on June 1, the high court had granted an interim stay on the additional sessions judge's order and had placed the hearing on their petition for June 15.When the petition came up for hearing on Friday, Justice Nalawade sought to know from the assistant government pleader Kishor Ghute-Patil whether the petitioners - Sudam and Saraswati Munde - were absconding in a fresh case. The AGP confirmed it. Following arguments, Justice Nalawade rejected the Mundes' petition.Munde and his wife Saraswati, who own the Munde hospital at Parli are wanted by the police under fresh charges in connection with the death of Vijaymala Pattekar, a sugarcane harvester, who died during an operation at their hospital in Parli-Vaijanath on May 18.Prosecution in Ambajogai had brought to the notice of the sessions court that Sudam and Saraswati Munde violated the bail conditions, which were granted to them in 2010 while citing the Vijaymala case. Gaikwad, the lawyer for the Munde couple, said he was not sure whether his clients want to go for a remedy against the HC order as they were not in touch with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158982", "title": "Actor Farooque Shaikh gets discharged from hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Farooque Shaikh (64) was discharged from Asian Heart Institute on Friday afternoon. The veteran of cinema and theatre has been advised bed rest even as he undergoes a series of investigative tests for lung infection.\"Shaikh is suffering a severe viral infection that has caused fluid to accumulate in his lungs and remains bedridden currently,\" said Feroz Khan, who directed Shaikh in the critically acclaimed play 'Tumhari Amrita'.The current schedule marking the 20th anniversary of the play across Mumbai and Bangalore has been cancelled. \"The shows were all sold out and Farooque Shaikh kept insisting he wanted to perform but his health did not permit it,\" Khan said.Co-actor Shabana Azmi said, \"Farooque had been complaining of stomach pain for the past few days but when it worsened he was rushed to hospital for a series of tests.\"Playwright Javed Siddiqi welcomed his old friend back to the stage, recalling what a scare the team had undergone during the past two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14178034", "title": "Hottest, supercool and doting celebrity fathers !", "text": "We know them as celebrities who can draw attention with their every move. Be it sport stars or film actors, they are serious about their careers. And when it comes to personal life too, they are super cool and responsible. Here's a look at some of the doting fathers -Shah Rukh Khan: Who can forget the Wankhede incident? The brawl was the result of SRK's daughter Suhana being manhandled. It's a known fact that King Khan loves to pamper kids - be it his own or even others'. Remember he gifted Farah a custom-made pram which can hold all her triplets? It's also being said that the actor did Ra.One to please his kids. And how can he forget that he got Lady Gaga's shades for his daughterSachin Tendulkar: With his fame and the attention he gets, Sachin may not be able to enjoy simple things in life with his kids like taking them on a walk or eat at a nearby food joint. However, when it comes to playing the father's role, the modest gentleman and god of cricket leaves no stone unturned. Hence when Arjun Tendulkar recently slammed his maiden century in the Mumbai Cricket Association's Under-14 selection trials, papa Sachin was super happy. A proud, yet down-to-earth Sachin said he is happy that his son has started enjoying cricket.Abhishek Bachchan: That he's head over heel with his beauty queen wife Aishwarya is a known fact. Yet, he lets his daughter Aradhya have all his wife's attention and time. It is being said that Abhishek is a doting father and doesn't mind changing baby's diapers. He also said in one of his interviews that he wants to do a good job in being a dad in real life.Raj Kundra: Industrialist Raj Kundra recently joined the list of proud fathers. Right from the moment Shilpa delivered to naming his baby, he kept fans updated through Twitter. He even created an account for the youngest members of his family. Shilpa can't stop gushing about her hubby's presence throughout.Mahesh Bhupathi: The tennis star who recently won the grand slam is a proud father of a baby girl Saira. Although he could not be there by Lara's side during the delivery, he dedicated his French Open win to his daughter.Aamir Khan: Although he separated from his first wife Reena, Aamir the sensitive man that he is hasn't shied away from his responsibilities. In fact, he always been there for his kids Junaid and Ira. He's now the proud father of a son Azad. And Kiran Rao knows there can be no better dad to her son than Aamir.Hrithik Roshan: With the looks of a Greek God and an enviable body built, the actor makes a great father. In fact, Rakesh Roshan once said \"Hrithik makes a great father. He isn't strict or stern but has a knack of dealing with children.\" Need we say more?Ajay Devgn: When Karan Johar asked Kajol the question \"Ajay the husband or Ajay the father?\" on his show. Kajol didn't think for a minute before answering \"Ajay the father.\" And she got a high-five from her friend Shah Rukh too for her non-hesitant response. Although his work keeps his busy, the actor makes it a point to spend quality time with kids whenever possible. Ajay was even seen babysitting his kids during his Singham shoot in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14177209", "title": "Easy Cabs set to expand fleet in Mumbai, launches Mobile App", "text": "MUMBAI: Carzonrent, which runs the Easy Cabs fleet taxi service in Mumbai, has decided to introduce 4,000 brand new cars for its radio taxi fleet and corporate leasing. It will also expand its Limo fleet of cabs to 700 cars in the city.Said a company spokesperson, \"Our drivers are well trained and we have in-cab entertainment (TV facility). We have recently introduced 'Easy MobileApp' suite which enables the customer to do Realtime tracking of their cabs, get Liveupdates of traffic so that the customers can sketch out a different route to surpass the traffic chaos in the city.\"Said Rajiv K Vij, CEO of Carzonrent (India) Pvt. Ltd, \"We plan to invest upto Rs 2,000 crore for expanding our business by launching operations in 50 cities apart from Mumbai in the next three years.\" Under its expansion plans,the company will add about 23,500 additional cars to the existing fleet across the country.It presently runs a fleet of 6,500 cars across the country, with the Easy Cabs having a fleet of close to 800 in Mumbai. The spokesperson stated that there is a huge demand of AC fleet taxis in Mumbai, specially at the airports. According to a recent study by the government, the city needs at least 10,000 fleetcabs when the existing strength of cabs on roads is less than 4,000.Mumbaikars are also frustrated with the poor service provided by old, rickety black-and-yellow taxis and many dont mind paying a bit more for AC and comfortable travel. Easycabs can be booked by dialing 43434343. As part of his commitment towards the drivers who form the most critical component of the industry in India, Vij has also set up \" COR Welfare Trust\" to support drivers and their families in improving their living conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14162494", "title": "MoS red flags own ministry\u2019s plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a bizarre scene at a Cabinet meeting on Thursday when minister of state for fertilizer opposed the fertilizer ministry's own proposal for 10% increase in retail urea prices.MoS Srikant Jena's red flag to the urea proposal even as the department secretary explained the rationale behind the 10% hike, raised a curious scenario, leaving PM Manmohan Singh and the battery of Cabinet ministers confounded about the goings on.Chemical and fertilizer minister and DMK strongman MK Alagiri sat quietly through the proceedings, though he too was taken aback by his junior's sudden activism.Sources said a surprised fertilizer secretary, who was reading the proposal to the Cabinet, interjected to question MoS Jena about his opposition. \"You were in the Group of Ministers which discussed the issue, you could have opposed it there,\" he reportedly said.While Srikant Jena withdrew after reasoning against the urea hike, NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar took the baton from him and raised concerns about the timing of increasing the urea price amid the high rate of inflation. The \"bizarre scene\", as described by a minister, led the PM to defer the long-pending proposal.The curious scenes, however, have kicked off murmurs in the fertilizer ministry. Senior officials questioned how a MoS could be present in the meeting of Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), which is the exclusive domain of Cabinet ministers. The curious question did the rounds with a few explanations.An official claimed that Jena, who is not the member of CCEA, was invited for discussion on Millennium Development Goals \u2014 part of his another responsibility as MoS (independent charge) of statistics and programme implementation ministry \u2014 in the Cabinet meeting. But he stayed on after the discussions of CCEA.MoS (independent charge) attend meetings of the Cabinet or Cabinet panels like CCEA on special invitation when issues relating to their ministries are on the agenda.A key Jena aide said, \"It is ludicrous to suggest that he gate crashed for the economic affairs panel,\" he said.The urea issue has been mired in controversy since being proposed. While the government had planned to decontrol the urea sector by bringing it under the nutrient based subsidy (NBS) scheme, aggressively pushed by the PMO and the finance ministry, it hit a roadblock with the fertilizer ministry itself.Citing that the retail prices of phosphatic and potassic fertilizers had increased manifold after being decontrolled in April 2010, the fertilizer ministry said urea should be kept out of NBS scheme and instead a routine 10% hike should be effected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177749", "title": "Mani Ratnam dumps his heroine!", "text": "Well, the news is out that Mani Ratnam is trying to rope in Tulasi for his movie Kadal. But what happened to Samantha whom he had signed on a few months back?While some people state that she was asked to tan extensively for her role and since she had other projects could not oblige and opted out, rumours state otherwise. Apparently, Mani had started shoot with her and Gautham (Karthik's son). But when he went through the rushes, she seemed far older than him and Mani was allegedly not happy. He could have either gone ahead or replaced her and sources claim that he chose to replace her. Well, as long as the audience gets a great movie, all these changes are of course the director's call!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158531", "title": "Tiger protectors turn out to be poachers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Chandrapur forest division officials nabbed a five-member gang of poachers on Friday. Three of them were working for the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra ( FDCM) as water hole observers.The accused have been identified as Prakash Todase, Mengaram Todase, Swarup Talande, Rambhau Gawde and Ashok Gawde, all residents of Ghanta Chowki village on the Chandrapur-Mul road. Prakash, Mengaram and Swarup were the three who were employed to monitor water holes.The five are being quizzed for their role in the chopping of a full-grown tiger in Borda. The mutilated carcass of a tiger sans head and paws, and cut into 10 pieces was recovered in Borda jungle along the Chichpalli-Borda road on May 18.The poachers have been charged with covering a natural water hole by dumping soil in compartment number 419-420 in Chandrapur division.When the accused were asked about covering the water hole, they said it had urea. Officials got suspicious about the five and picked them for questioning on Friday morning.During a search of their houses, many antlers of herbivores were found. A large quantity of half burned antlers were found in the forests. Over 7kg wire snares used to trap wild animals were seized from the accused, indicating all were habitual offenders.\"We have obtained forest custody remand (FCR) of the accused till June 18,\" said deputy conservator of forests P Kalyan Kumar.Parks closed from todayThe forest authorities have decided to close down all parks in Vidarbha during the monsoon. From June 16, Bor, Pench, Tipeshwar, Navegaon, Nagzira and New Nagzira will remain closed for tourists. Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) will remain open till June 30 and later will be partially open. The parks will reopen on October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14176276", "title": "Dharun Ravi could walk free from New Jersey jail next week", "text": "NEW YORK: Former Rutgers University student Dharun Ravi , who was sentenced to a month in jail after being convicted of using his webcam to spy on his gay roommate, is set to be released from a New Jersey jail next week after completing 20 days of his 30-day term.India-born Ravi, 20, received five days' credit for good behavior and an additional five for working while in jail, enabling him to shave off 10 days from his sentence, which he had begun in Middlesex County Jail on May 31.He could be released next Tuesday. Ravi was convicted in March this year on 15 counts of bias intimidation and invasion of privacy charges for spying on the sexual encounter of his roommate Tyler Clementi with another man in September 2010.Days later, Clementi had committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington bridge near here.The Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office planned to appeal the jail term imposed by of the New Brunswick Superior Court Judge Glenn Berman, saying the sentence was too lenient.While Ravi had faced a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison, the prosecutors had wanted a jail term of at least five years.Ravi had agreed to begin serving his jail term early instead of waiting for an appeals court to first rule on the prosecution's demand for a longer jail term.Explaining his lenient sentence, Berman had said he did not believe Ravi should be incarcerated in a state prison with murderers and rapists.Before beginning his sentence, Ravi had for the first time late last month publicly apologised for his \"immature and insensitive\". Ravi said he regretted his \"stupid and childish\" choices when he set up a webcam to spy on Clementi but said he did not act out of hatred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158509", "title": "Aamir's truth was one-sided, say doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Aamir Khan's ongoing programme 'Satyamev Jayate' has proved to be a big hit. It has also riled some sections. Doctors have not taken kindly to the episode that discussed medical malpractices. They feel it projected doctors as villains all out to make money.Rotary Club of Nagpur organized a panel discussion on Friday on the issues raised in the episode. Overall, the doctors as well as others on the panel agreed that there were black sheep in every profession and a profession or a community could not be isolated as was done in the programme. Doctors categorically refused to accept that any doctor would operate a patient for transplant without his informed consent.The anchor for the discussion Rukshad Bhagawagar began by asking whether doctors should be considered different from other professionals and professions and should the doctor put his commercial considerations last and humanity first before discussing the issue of commissions on prescriptions of medicines and asked for remedies and transparency in the practice.Dr Kishor Taori, chairman of Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC), and Dr Aarti Anand represented the doctors. They defended the community at large. It was disheartening, they said, that the programme painted all doctors with one brush. \"I would say it was more an entertainer and nothing more. The world survives on the work of good doctors both in private and public sectors. You can't take the entire doctor community to task because of a few bad apples. Although some observations pointed out in the programme were true but only a minuscule number indulges in them,\" said Dr Taori.\"With developments in medical technology, expectations of people have become high. They even want cure for something completely incurable. That is wrong. Doctors cannot be isolated and their integrity questioned in isolation,\" said Dr Anand.Reacting to observation of other panellists Sandeep Dhodapkar and Dinesh Naidu that no doctor has ever been barred from practice or convicted by court, Dr Taori clarified that the MMC had suspended five doctors found engaging in sex determination for five years until the court decides their case. He added licences of nine others would be suspended soon while 10 were already in jail. The doctors asserted the show was based on bad research and carried only one side of issues like branded versus generic drugs and commissions etc.IAC does quality check at GMCInspired by Stayamev Jayate, a team of India Against Corruption , went for a surprise visit to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Friday. A press statement issued by Ajay Sanghi of IAC Nagpur unit, the team found that many medicines not available in the drugstores were being prescribed by the doctors, the toilets were dirty, boards did not display the timings of the services.It also found that patients coming from outstation were not being given medicines for at least a fortnight that they should get. Bills of medicines worth crores were pending and so medicines were not available. The team went to meet the dean but since the dean Dr Rajaram Powar was on leave, acting dean Dr R P Singh requested them to submit the problems in writing and promised best possible action on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166164", "title": "Colleges first pick, not courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the registration process for Delhi University's undergraduate courses drawing to a close, different trends are emerging. One of them is the preference given to colleges over courses.DU sources say a large number of aspirants who scored 90% and above in Class XII have opted for BA programme. For example, St Stephen's College received 1,600 applications for the BA programme as against 50 seats, which according to the college is nearly three times more than that of last year and there are still two more days left for the application process.Also the applicants are evenly distributed from across streams. \"In fact the number of applications for BA programme is more than that of history (honours), philosophy (honours) and BSc programme,\" said media coordinator of the college, Karen Gabriel.According to the dean of students' welfare office, even for other 'popular' colleges the number of students applying for the BA programme has increased significantly. What is interesting is that the number of high scorers applying for this course has increased manifold. \"The final numbers are going to be out only after Monday after we close the registration process,\" said deputy dean of students' welfare, Gurpreet Singh Tuteja.So what is the reason for this surge in applying for the BA programme in DU colleges. \"With 92% I will definitely not get admission into honours courses in English and economics in colleges like Stephen's, Lady Shri Ram or Shri Ram College of Commerce. And I don't want to study elsewhere. My first preference is Stephen's but it doesn't accept CATE score, so I am applying for BA programme where the probability is much better,\" said Palki Singh, an aspirant.\"A lot of students do that, though it shouldn't be so. In a way its true as our English cutoff last year was 96% and a student obtaining marks less than that who wants to study in Stephen's would apply in other courses. And the best bet is BA programme. But the aspirant has to also remember that the BA programme of DU is not an easy course by any means,\" said Gabriel.And Palki is not an exception, as dozens of aspirants were seen submitting their forms for BA programme in popular colleges like LSR, Kirori Mal, Hindu, Hans Raj, Kamla Nehru and Miranda House, among others just because they want to study in these specific colleges irrespective of the course.Tuteja said: \"Students while applying keep four things in mind - hostels, infrastructure, placement and brand value. These things are in their head, but they don't understand what lies in their heart.\"In the long run they will realize that the course is more important. They don't understand this and compromise, which may ruin their career by selecting a course which they may not like after sometime.\"Tuteja has been involved in the counselling process for a long time and he said that he has often seen students not doing well with a compromised course and later opt for a change of course.\"As far as placement is concerned, students of many colleges not the in 'popular' list gets good placements,\" added Tuteja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159237", "title": "Two arrested for Aquem man's murder", "text": "MARGAO: Maina Curtorim police on Friday arrested Ganesh Hegde and Maruti Pujari on murder charges following the recovery of the body of Vince Barreto in a decomposed condition at Sao Jose de Areal on Wednesday.The body was identified on Thursday as that of Vince Barreto, 20, from Shantinagar, Aquem Baixo and an offense was registered after the family suspected foul play in the case.Earlier, on June 11, family members had filed a missing complaint with the Margao police.The police had questioned the two accused who were neighbours of the deceased. The duo had feigned ignorance regarding the whereabouts of the deceased.Following interrogation by the Maina Curtorim police, it was revealed that Hegde was with Barreto during the day and that both Pujari and Hegde were aware of Barreto's whereabouts.Margao deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Mohan Naik, while addressing mediapersons on Friday, said that circumstantial evidence led to the arrest of the two boys. He said that the deceased was found in his undergarments floating in a stone crusher pit.DySP Mohan Naik also said that none of his personal items were found.The postmortem held at Hospicio hospital, Margao, has reserved the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164140", "title": "A Chinese lunch for presidential nominee", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Friday afternoon, when it was being speculated who would be UPA's presidential candidate, Pranab Mukerjee walked out of his chamber to the visitors' room and ordered a lavish lunch for a guest with whom he spent more than an hour.It was rare for the FM, who usually is in office by 11am, stays on till 9pm when he returns home only to finish more pending files till midnight. The luncheon spread was lavish \u2014 soup, chinese fried rice, chicken and fish. The session continued till 3 pm when he returned to his chamber to clear files and prepare for the crucial 4 pm UPA meeting at the PM's residence.Will he be finally the President? Uncertainty was in the air in North Block even after the UPA chairperson announced Mukherjee's name as peons and security staff of the FM's office asked waiting mediapersons if his name was final and if the announcement meant that he was elected.The new assignment will not be difficult having spent five decades in politics and a person who took keen interest in the Constitution ever since his student days. \"I read constituent assembly debates published in newspapers when I was in class V in 1946, and preserved papers from my uncle who was a member of the constituent assembly,\" he recently told TOI. Mukherjee said his interest was in Parliament and that was why when he was offered to contest as MLA in Kolkata, he had refused. Mukherjee's father was an MLA for 21 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163741", "title": "From the perennial No. 2 to citizen No. 1", "text": "KOLKATA: The man who could have been PM is now virtually assured of becoming President. Pranab Mukherjee , Union finance minister, chief troubleshooter, master strategist and quintessential Congressman, shed the perpetual 'man-in-waiting' label on Friday as Sonia Gandhi announced his candidature for president.Over a political career spanning almost half a century, the ever-reliable Pranabda has headed the most important ministries \u2014 defence, external affairs and finance \u2014 and helped Congress governments solve the gravest of crises. Over the last decade, during the two tenures of the UPA government, he emerged as chief troubleshooter for Manmohan Singh . The 77-year-old leader's importance is highlighted by the fact that he heads close to 25 GoMs and empowered GoMs. He narrowly missed the distinction of having never won an election, thanks to the 2004 LS poll when he was elected from Jangipur in Murshidabad. But he remained in the vortex of power as RS member. The only job that eluded him was the PM's.Mukherjee indicated he had warmed to the prospect of moving to Raisina Hill in an interview in which he said he liked walking in the morning and Rashtrapati Bhavan had lawns.Born in December 1935 to Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee and Rajlakshmi at Kirnahar in Birbhum, he studied at Vidyasagar College, Suri, and Calcutta University, earning a double MA in history and political science as well as a degree in law. He married in 1957 and has two sons and a daughter. His father was a Congressman. Pranab had a stint with Bangla Congress, his mentor and former CM Ajoy Mukherjee's party.Indira Gandhi handpicked him. Thus began a journey into the power echelons of Delhi, a career scripted by dint of hard work and merit. Mukherjee was elected for the first time to the RS in 1969. His inclusion in the Union council of ministers for the first time in 1973, as deputy minister for industrial development, was accidental. He had gone to Rashtrapati Bhavan to witness the swearing-in ceremony. When the ministers who were to take oath added up to an inauspicious number, his name was added.Congress always found a way to send him to RS and induct him in ministries. After working as minister in several departments, in 1982, he became finance minister, a post he held till 1984. Mukherjee's short eclipse came after Indira's assassination when it was suspected he harboured PM ambitions. He returned to prominence in 1991 during PV Narasimha Rao's rule and was appointed deputy chairman, Planning Commission. As Plan panel chief, he will be remembered for his memory and a penchant for figures. Many fondly called him a \"living encyclopaedia\". Mukherjee has played a pivotal role in the party organization. Between 1978 and 1986 and from 1997 onwards, he has been a member of CWC.Mukherjee also had brief stints in state politics. He headed the WBPCC in 1985 and also between 2000 and 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14167214", "title": "Children\u2019s drama fest to begin today", "text": "INDORE: Much-awaited two-day Children's Drama Festival will begin at Mai Mangeshkar auditorium from 9 am on Saturday. Organized jointly by Mukt Samvad, Devputra and Bal Sahitya Srujan Peeth, the fest will be inaugurated by renowned character artist Achyut Potdar.Publicity officer Sunil Dharmadhikari told TOI: \"Total 25 plays (11 Hindi and 14 Marathi) will be staged over a period of two days. More than 400 child artistes will perform in one-of-its-kind event which aims to popularize Marathi theatre and culture through impactful performances.\" Vinay Bokil, member of Sarthak Sanskrutik Kala Sanstha, has been training the participants of a Hindi play. He says \"Kids are picking up very well. Such events should be organized more frequently as they showcase and bring out the hidden talent of the new generation.\" Shivani Sharma, 11, is enjoying this experience thoroughly. \"We have been practicing for the last three weeks and we have learned many new things like body language and facial expressions here. I have made many friends here too,\" she says chirpily.Mayank Agrawal, 15, is learning a lot, too. He points out, \"My trainer told us that we should learn arts with a practical perspective. For this field, not bookish knowledge but an understanding of real world is essential. We are benefiting a lot from our trainers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "talaja (bhavnagar)", "code": "14167937", "title": "Gujarat governor orders removal of encroachments in Talaja", "text": "TALAJA (BHAVNAGAR): Gujarat governor Dr Kamla has ordered the Bhavnagar district collector to demolish illegal encroachments on Market Road in Talaja town within seven days and report the same to the governor's office. The governor's order comes on a complaint filed by a native of Talaja, Kamal Variaya, who is a diamond broker based in Mumbai.Variaya had approached local mamlatdar and then chief minister's online complaint redressal system about the encroachments on public road by Talaja municipality, which had converted the public land into private property by selling it off in 2010. \"When I did not get any satisfying response from the local authorities, I approached governor Dr Kamla for justice and produced my documents,'' Variaya said.According to him, the Talaja municipality first converted the land (a public road) into city survey number and then it sold off to private parties. In one case, the municipality built a commercial complex and sold the shops to people.\"The local authorities violated all the revenue rules by doing this. One of the public road lands sold off by municipality is located close to my residence and is obstructing my properties. When local authorities investigated the matter on my complaint, my contentions were proved true but the district authorities did not take any action on the encroachments,'' he said.\"Even after it was proved that the municipality had built encroachments on the public roads, the district authorities did not take any action. I approached the governor in February this year and the governor has ordered the district collector to demolish the encroachments within seven days,'' Variaya said.\"I had to walk from pillar to post to get justice. For this, I have to stay in Talaja instead of Mumbai,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14168991", "title": "'Arrested Taiwanese posed no threat to Dalai Lama'", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan government-in-exile has refuted claims that eight Taiwanese arrested by the HP police on Tuesday night from a monastery in Mandi district posed a threat to the Dalai Lama.The department of security of the central Tibetan administration said on Friday that those arrested were the devotees of either the 17th Karmapa or of Tai Situ Rinpoche, a Tibetan spiritual guru and their only fault was they failed to report their presence to local police station after arriving in India.\"We don't think that the arrested Taiwanese nationals posed any threat to the Dalai Lama. There are lots of Buddhist followers in Taiwan and they also seem to be one of them. According to our information the arrested persons have failed to report to the local police after arriving in India,\" said Ngodup Dorjee, secretary, department of security, CTA.\"They might be the followers of Rinponche or Karmapa. They were voluntarily working in the construction of the monastery in Chauntra in Mandi,\" said Dorjee.Dorjee maintained that they have nothing to do with their arrest and they have no involvement in this case, but concerning a threat to Dalai Lama they just investigated the things at their own end.The Dalai Lama, who last month had claimed threat to his life, had also refused to comment on the arrests of Taiwanese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167642", "title": "Delayed payments discourage sugar mills", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav might be calling upon the sugar mills engaged in co-generation of power to be more efficient, but the fact remains that the sector has remained largely discouraged thanks to the attitude of the state government itself.According to the records of Sugar Mills Association, the state government has been defaulting on payment of nearly Rs 600 crore towards the sugar mills, which had pumped in nearly 900 Mw into the state grid. And this amount has piled up for the power procured between January and March. UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) sources said that the state government had cleared all the dues till December 2011. However, after that period, the sector has been looking up to the state government for its dues.Yadav, on Thursday, had stated on the floor of House that the sugar mills in the state have the potential to produce around 2,000 Mw of power. However, as on date, the production is hovering in the range of around 900 Mw.The 2,000 Mw potential of sugar mills is quite comparable to what is produced by the thermal power plants, which on an average have been generating power between 2500 Mw and 2700 Mw.Chairman of UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi, said, \"We are trying to compensate them and we would do it gradually.\" Sources said that the association had raised the issue recently with the state government, and added that the state government cited funds crunch as the main reason behind the delay.Experts point out that the sector holds significance given its vast potential as far as power generation is concerned. According to the data available with the Sugar Mills Association, the 52 sugar mills generated around 19 lakh units of power in the last financial year. In all, there are 124 sugar mills in the state of which 104 have the potential to produce power from the bagasse. The average generation has been in the range of around 20 Mw.However, if all 102 mills are encouraged to contribute to the state grid then the state will get around 2,000 Mw, the figure which was cited by Akhilesh Yadav on the floor of the House.Sources said that although the mills are yet to be acknowledged by the state government for the contribution.\"The dues were cleared only till December,\" said an official in the association. Secretary, UP Sugar Mills Association, Deepak Guptara said that the sector needs a lot of cooperation from the state government. \"And we are looking forward to it,\" he said, while speaking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159386", "title": "Prisoner seeks bail to search for bride", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Earlier this week, a jail inmate, Hemant Patel, sought bail for 45 days from Gujarat high court (HC) to find a match for himself from his community and to get engaged.The convict supported his bail plea with a certificate obtained from a councilor of his locality in Surat. In this certificate issued last month, Surat Municipal Corporation's councilor Satish Patel mentioned that Hemant has reached marriageable age.HC found this certification quite interesting, but was not convinced with it. The division bench of justice R R Tripathi and Paresh Upadhyay found that the convict is of 35 years age. They commented, \"The corporator has not applied his mind to the fact that the convict is 35. It could have been more appropriate to note that he is running out of the marriageable age.\"The judges called for the past records and found out that Hemant was released on furlough last year only. \"He could have utilized the time of furlough for this purpose,\" the court observed while rejecting the bail plea.The same bench received another such application from 30-year old Nilesh Gohil, who has been imprisoned for life in connection with a murder case. He had sought 30-day bail to find out a girl to get engaged. He also claimed that majority of his family members are female and children, and hence he would be required to take the initiative. He mentioned in his application that he was young and unmarried and that is why \"it is very necessary for him to find out a good family and bride to get engaged.\"The court inquired into Gohil's case further and found that in the last one year, he had gone out on two occasions including when his brother was getting married. The court denied him bail saying, \"He could have explored the possibility at that time. Besides, when he was on furlough for 14 days, he could have undertaken the exercise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14159918", "title": "Thief doesn't spare his own home", "text": "SURAT: A teenager was arrested for stealing cash and jewellery worth Rs 22 lakh from his own house.Following complaint of theft of Rs 22 lakh in Udhna area, police arrested Jay alias Golu Gohil, 18, for allegedly stealing the valuables. Two others who helped Gohil in theft Shyam Rathod, 18, and Denish alias Tino Rakhdiwala, 23, both unemployed, were also arrested.After being arrested, Gohil informed police that he stole the valuables when other family members had gone to sleep on terrace. Gohil lives with his mother Hansa and brother Harsh in Jivan Jyot Nagar in Udhna.On Thursday morning, when the family came down the suitcase having Rs 21 lakh worth jewellery and Rs one lakh in cash was missing from the cupboard in the bedroom.The suitcase was removed by unlocking the cupboard. Moreover, there was no damage to the doors or windows of the house. Considering these facts, police came to a conclusion that the theft was carried out by a family member.Considering Gohil's criminal history, who was arrested for bike theft, police questioned him. During questioning, Gohil confessed the crime after which the other two accused were nabbed.Rakhdiwala inspired Gohil to steal the valuables from his residence to make quick money for enjoyment.Rakhdiwala asked Gohil to get duplicate keys of the cupboard, main door and suitcase prepared with Rathod's help. After he got these keys made, Gohil told his family members on Wednesday evening that he is going for a marriage function and would return after 12 midnight.Gohil returned after midnight and opened the main door's lock with the duplicate key and removed the suitcase from the cupboard. He handed it to his friends waiting on main road near the house. Rakhdiwala took the suitcase to his house while Gohil returned home and went to sleep on the terrace.On Thursday morning, when the family members came to know about the theft, Gohil was at home and sleeping on the terrace. The family informed police that the jewellery was of Hansaben and other relatives. The jewellery was recovered from Rakhdiwala's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14159288", "title": "Mining cannot be stopped: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Corruption, mining and agriculture were on chief minister Manohar Parrikar's mind on Friday when he addressed media persons on the eve of his 100th day at the helm of the state's affairs.The chief minister said mining cannot be stopped as it is an issue of economics, involved people's livelihoods and earned revenue for the state. Speaking on ore available for tapping, he said dumps in mining areas are themselves worth 30,000 crore. \"The dumps will last at least 15 years,\" Parrikar said.A first draft of the mining policy will be placed in public domain by July and is likely to be finalized a month later. Parrikar said the area under forest is 38% and 10% is under CRZ, leaving little for economic activities, and added that support for environment should not be source for economic problems.Speaking on corruption, Parrikar said though he had adopted zero tolerance towards it, graft was difficult to wipe out. \"The Lok Ayukta alone cannot control corruption nor can it solve the problem,\" he said, referring to his promise to set up the Lok Ayukta within 100 days. From P 1Stating that he had tried to curb corruption, Parrikar said quick decisions pre-empt corruption. \"Corruption erupts from delay,\" he said. Parrying criticism in the delay of filing cases against persons involved in corruption as assured by his party, he said the government cannot go by emotions and has to gather evidence. \"It requires time to settle down,\" he said.Referring to the police department Parrikar said it had lapsed into a slumber and needed to be galvanized. Understaffing and other problems were factors for its poor performance, he conceded.He said reviving agriculture would receive his government's top priority. \"Once agriculture is made productive, people will venture into it,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar said his priorities are set by the manifesto. \"I am targeting fulfilling at least 40% of the promises and assurances in the BJP manifesto within a year and the rest within three years,\" he said. In personal terms, he expressed satisfaction about reduction in petrol prices and starting the ladli laxmi scheme to provide Rs one lakh to the girl child towards marriage expenses.The execution of proposals for construction of bridges has been delayed due to procedural formalities of floating tenders, he said.The proposal of picking up garbage on highways has been stalled due to some snags. \"It will be started in eight days time,\" Parrikar said. Solutions are also being worked out to tackle the waste management problem.Regarding his inexperienced team of cabinet ministers, Parrikar said, \"I have given them full freedom.\" Ministers having doubts on issues have been asked to mark the file to him but are free to take other decisions, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14181266", "title": "Rainfall remains isolated across Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall over Karnataka remained isolated in last 24-hours ending 8.30am on Saturday, with 14% of hoblis and grampanchayats recording rainfall of 2.5mm.Rainfall was widespread and fairly widespread in one district, scattered in three, isolated in 13 and negligible in 12 districts.In Dakshina Kannada, rainfall was fairly widespread in Bantwal, Belthangady and Mangalore taluks, widespread in Puttur and scattered in Sullia.While neighbouring Udupi district recorded rather heavy rain.Kumta in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district recorded maximum rain of 80.5mm rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159522", "title": "CBI team in Gujarat to complete encounter probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The joint director of CBI, V Lakshminarayana, has reached Gandhinagar along with legal officer Ejaz Khan. This visit marks the last phase of probe into Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter cases.Next week the CBI is likely to file its chargesheet in the Tulsiram case. The agency, said sources, has completed investigations in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh in both the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram cases.In Sohrabuddin investigations, CBI officials had initially alleged that police officials and politicians of Gujarat and Rajasthan had got together to kill the gangster in connection with an inter-state extortion racket. CBI's chargesheet, however, was silent on the Rajasthan operations of this conspiracy to kill Sohrabuddin.To rectify this issue, for three months a CBI team camped in Rajasthan and investigated into the marble traders' lobby of Rajasthan - which is alleged to have triggered the 'hit' on Sohrabuddin. The agency also probed the role played by politicians of the neighbouring state. CBI officials now claim that they have collected enough evidence to prove the inter-state conspiracy behind the fake encounter.CBI's chargesheet in Sohrabuddin case had shown a cop of Andhra Pradesh as a witness. However, the chargesheet did not contain the statement of any AP cop. Over the last six months, the CBI had deputed an officer of the rank of superintendent to probe the AP module. \"The officer has collected evidence to prove that some AP cops had played an equal role in the conspiracy, much like their counterparts in Gujarat and Rajasthan,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162902", "title": "Enforcement Directorate looks to quiz Jaganmohan in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Enforcement Directorate (ED) authorities on Friday approached the CBI court seeking permission to question and record the statement of YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy who is currently lodged in Chanchalguda jail.The ED, which is probing the Jagan assets case under the prevention of money laundering Act and FEMA, is seeking information on several financial transactions that make up the case file. The court had earlier reserved its orders to June 19 on a similar ED plea in respect to several accused in the Emaar, OMC and illegal assets cases who are currently in jail.In a separate development, Ashok Reddy, the counsel for Jagan firms, on Friday urged the court to allow Jagati publications , an accused in the illegal assets case to be represented by its company secretary rather than by Jagan himself. The CBI objected to this and the judge reserved his orders on this plea as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170218", "title": "'SP cheated youth in name of unemployment allowance'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the name of providing unemployment allowance to youth, the Samajwadi Party (SP) government has cheated youngsters and misguided them by entrapping them in their false promises, said student leader Mohd Eram Rabbani while speaking at a symposium organised at a students hostel at Khuldabad on Friday. The symposium organised on issues related to students and especially those minority community dwelt on the promises made by government.Meanwhile, at a meeting of Youth Congress workers on Friday the speakers hailed the selection of local hockey player Danish Mujtaba in the national squad for London Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167897", "title": "Civic body plans to draft sports policy", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation is working on a detailed sports policy to streamline the sports activities in the city. The policy, which will spell out the guidelines for constructing sports complexes and developing sports grounds, will be ready by September 2012, said Avinash Bagwe, chairperson of the PMC's sports committee.A meeting of the sports committee members to design the policy has been scheduled for Saturday, Bagwe said. A number of sportsmen, coaches and sports organisations in the city have been invited to the meeting. The basic draft of the policy will be prepared at the first meeting itself. The participants will then be asked to give suggestions and objections to the draft. All the paper work will be completed by August, he added.The committee also plans to set up sports activity centres in different parts of the city, Bagwe said. Several plots of land that were earmarked for sports grounds in the development plan of the city are lying unused and some of them have been encroached upon. \"We will fence such plots and ask the local sports groups to guard them,\" he said.Admitting that the facilities at Nehru stadium, at Bhawani Peth wrestling centre and at some other sports complexes are underutilized, Bagwe said, \"We will work out a solution to ensure that more youngsters can take benefit of these facilities established by the PMC.\"The policy will promote local as well as international games, Bagwe said. The sports committee will join hands with sports training institutes such as the Army Sports institute and the Maharashtra Cricket Academy for drafting the policy and for some other initiatives, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167988", "title": "School teachers recollect Dimple's cheerful, smiling face", "text": "LUCKNOW: For her ardent supporters and voters, she is a bhabhi, a didi and beti. But, when it comes to her teachers, Dimple Yadav reminds them of a girl, who was ever smiling and always cheerful. And after creating history by winning the by-election for the Kannauj parliamentary seat unopposed, Dimple's teachers have more than one reason to feel proud of her.Sharing their fond memories, which they had with the current Kannauj MP, during her school days, AK Singh, principal of DPS Eldeco, Lucknow, who imparted lessons of history to Dimple, when she was in class IX and X, said, \"The name Dimple takes me to the classrooms, where I used to teach them history. And while I taught them, I could see her ever-smiling and cheerful face. And, I wish that may she and Akhilesh herald a new beginning and bring a positive change in the society as well as the state.\"Endorsing Singh's view, another teacher BC Bhatt, who taught the Kannauj MP, mathematics in classes IX and X, said, \"Academically, Dimple was above average student. And as far as mathematics is concerned, she took extra pains to understand the subject. And whenever she had any difficulty, she walked the extra-mile to clear the concept.\" Currently, Bhatt is the principal of SDSN Public School.Another teacher, who taught physics to Dimple at Lucknow Army Public School, her alma mater, applauds her good nature. \"As a student, Dimple was certainly in the above average club. As far as academics is concerned, she was a hard-working student and made efforts to understand various concepts of the subject. On a personal front, she was obedient and respected her teachers,\" said RK Shukla, a senior teacher in Lucknow Army Public School, Nehru Road.Commending the newly elected MP, S Mukherjee, who taught mathematics to Dimple in class XII, said that she was good in mathematics.\"As a student, Dimple was well-mannered and her nature was very good,\" said Mukherjee, who is currently a senior teacher in City Montessori School.\"Although, I never taught Dimple any subject. But, I very well remember Dimple as a well-mannered girl, who respected her teachers and never indulged in any act of indiscipline,\" said AP Wahi, who is currently a senior editor (multi-media) in a publication firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14165313", "title": "24% of Bhubaneswar elders face abuse at home: Survey", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 24 per cent of elderly people in Bhubaneswar are victims of different kinds of abuse at home, a new survey has revealed.While 62 per cent of the victims silently suffer verbal abuse and neglect at the hands of their sons, 25 per cent suffer a similar fate in the hands of their daughters-in-law, according to the survey conducted by HelpAge India. Nearly 10 per cent of the city's population comprises people over the age of 60.The report was released on the eve of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day that falls on Friday. It revealed that 20 per cent of the elderly face abuse almost daily while 78 per cent of those abused did not report it to anyone. While 61percent of these did not report the matter to uphold family honor, 43 per cent of the victims selected extended family members, where as 28 percent selected relatives and 29 per cent selected friends for reporting the abuse.It added that 93 per cent of them live with their immediate families and 56 percent own the homes they live in. \"Of the total respondents, 16 per cent were retired from state government service and six percent retired from central government service, 23 per cent were self employed professionals But that doesn't deter sons and daughters-in-law from subjecting parents to abuse,\" said Rashmi Mohanty, head of HelpAge India, Odisha.Nearly 37 per cent of the abused elderly identified verbal abuse as the most common form of abuse, followed by neglect (33 per cent) and disrespect (30 per cent). According to the elders, 57 per cent of abuse is caused due to emotional dependence, followed by 43 per cent due to lack of adjustment.\"It is interesting to note that that none of the other redressal mechanisms like the police, helplines or NGOs, were taken into account,\" said Mohanty.About 46 percent older persons suggested the most effective mechanism to tackle abuse of elders was sensitization of children and strengthening of intergenerational bonding, 27 per cent stated to develop effective legal reporting and redressed system and equal proportion considered it to be sensitize the young adults.Conducted in 22 cities across India, Bhopal ranked the highest with 77.12 percent of elders stating that they faced abuse, followed closely by Guwahati at 60.55 per cent and Lucknow at 52 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore/mysore", "code": "14164999", "title": "Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda granted bail, might walk free today", "text": "BANGALORE/MYSORE: The Ramanagaram district magistrate on Friday granted bail to controversial godman Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda. Executive magistrate Sriram Reddy directed him not to disrupt social harmony in the vicinity of his Bidadi ashram.However, the bail order could not be executed because of procedural requirements. This means the godman might be released on Saturday.Nityananda, 34, was taken into preventive custody from a Ramanagaram court and sent to Mysore Central Prison on Thursday. He has two cases pending against him.In the Mysore prison, the godman skipped breakfast and lunch. He broke his fast at 5.10pm with fruits and tender coconut. Though the day, he meditated in his cell and didn't speak much, chief superintendent of the jail M N Jayasimha told TOI.Doctors who examined Nityananda found his condition stable.The godman, who was brought to the century-old Mysore jail at 9.20pm on Thursday, was lodged in barrack No. 19. As a precaution, he was not allowed to mingle with other inmates. He told prison staff on Friday that he slept well.Early in the morning, he bathed, meditated and worshipped the Shiva lingam he carries, Jayasimha said.A few disciples who arrived in a Bangalore-registered car gave Nityananda material for pooja. Some activists of pro-Hindu organizations were not allowed to meet him. A blanket of security cover was thrown over the jail premises; every visitor was questioned and scanned.Barrack No. 19, where Nityananda is housed, is known as the 'Stone Building'. It's not solitary confinement, Jayasimha said, but inmates are not allowed to interact with others. The barrack once housed Pakistani nationals Mohammed Ali Hussain and Mohammed Fahad, arrested from Rajivnagar, Mysore, on charge of plotting to blast Vidhana Soudha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14169254", "title": "Fake IAS man selected victims on net, say cops", "text": "CHENNAI: The fake IAS/IPS trainee officer, who was arrested on Thursday for cheating 17 women of cash and jewellery with promises of marriage, used a laptop gifted by his wife to surf various matrimonial sites on the internet and select his victims, investigators have found the 27-year-old Villupuram native, who was known by names like Chakravarthy, Tamilsevan and Vidyuth, used the voice-change option on his mobile phone to talk to a prospective bride's family members and win them over, police said. He had sexual relationships with five of the women, police said.The man, who used the money taken from his victims to build a 'dream house' in Villupuram district, was arrested based on the complaint of M Nithya, 29, an engineering graduate from Kancheepuram.Seeing Nithya's profile on a matrimonial site, the man posted his own profile, claiming to be an IAS trainee, and after giving her assurances, took 10 sovereigns of gold and 10,000 to help complete his training. He went missing. The man told investigators that he posted profiles of his family, saying his parents were school teachers and his brother was a Chennai-based CBI official, and cheated several women from Puducherry, Tiruvarur and Trichy districts, police said.\"Whenever a victim's family enquired about his background he switched to the voice-change option in his mobile and spoke like his mother,\" said an investigating officer. Some seven months ago, he married a girl chosen by his family, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14164479", "title": "Kerala State IT Mission's safety initiative wins eWorld award", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Kerala State IT Mission's Intelligent Enforcement Automation System project won eWorld Jury Choice Award for 'Best Initiative For Use of ICT in Public Safety, Security and Disaster Management'.KSITM coordinator K Sabarish received the award at the Grand Awards function held at Le Meridien in New Delhi on Friday. After receiving the award, Sabarish said it is recognition for the teamwork of IT Mission, Motor Vehicles Department, National Informatics Center, Keltron, BSNL and the Implementing agency Airtel and Technology partner Ifcon.Union minister of human resource development and communications and IT, had launched eWorld Forum, a premier global conference held annually, in 2011. It is being organized by the Centre for Science, Development and Media Studies (CSDMS) and Elets Technomedia Private Limited in association with the Departments of IT, Telecom and Science and Technology, the National e-Governance Division, National Spatial Data Infrastructure, Unique Identity Authority of India and the Indira Gandhi National Open University.\"This project enables the enforcement of road rules by means of automatic capture of traffic offences like red light violation, over speeding and wrong direction driving and has the facilities of automatic number plate recognition, mobile-wireless technologies, geographical information systems (GIS) and global positioning system (GPS) technologies,\" Sabarish said.\"The video captured at the junction by the IP cameras, will be streamed to the control room's setup and attached to regional offices to monitor the junctions within its jurisdictional perimeter. The video analytics system will automatically detect traffic violations and the number plate of the offending vehicle is automatically captured and the registration details of the violating vehicles are extracted from the 'Smart-Move' database of the Transport Department,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163398", "title": "Study tours: Councillors just love them", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite admitting that study tours will not serve any purpose and if required any information can be accessed through the internet, on Friday, during the pre-house meeting almost all councillors voted unanimously to going for study tours. Sources in the MC said study tours are being planned for two groups.According to information, when the issue was raised in the meeting, nominated as well as elected councillors supported the proposal to organize study tour by terming these beneficial for the municipal corporation. Reportedly, lakhs of rupees would be spent on these luxurious tours again and the example of the previous study tours is quite bitter as MC did not gain anything out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158216", "title": "Secret forest fund for intelligence on poaching", "text": "NAGPUR: The forest department has planned to set up secret fund for gathering intelligence related to poaching cases in the wildlife habitats, particularly of tigers, and has dispatched a proposal to this effect to the Maharashtra government.This was informed on affidavit submitted to the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday. The affidavit was filed by government pleader Nitin Sambre in response to court's missives while hearing a bunch of petitions. It included PILs by MLC Shobhatai Fadnavis who had claimed illicit cutting of trees in Gadchiroli and Chandrapur forests, and by Suresh Padmashali alleging failure of the forest department in controlling forest fires in Chandrapur and Amravati districts which resulted in massive losses to the government's property. A suo motu plea on recent tiger poaching incident in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) was also clubbed with these petitions.The department further said that it had taken all necessary steps to control forest fires and poaching activities by sanctioning new posts of forest guards and other officials. It informed that efforts are being made to relocate all the villages inside TATR. It stated that the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra ( FDCM) was given the work of controlling and preventing recurrence of forest fires and sufficient funds would be provided to them.During the last hearing, the court had expressed anguish over the government's reply on controlling forest fires. Earlier, the forest department tried hard to play down the major incident of fire which spread over 2,700 hectares as per a media report. However, the court observed that the submissions made by the department are vague and do not contain proper details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159402", "title": "AMC gears up for Rath Yatra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like every year, the mayor of the city will welcome the Jagannath Rath Yatra on June 21. The yatra will reach the AMC office at 8.30 am in the morning. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has made elaborate arrangements to take care of the sanitation concerns of the procession. This will be the 135th yatra in the city.The AMC has arranged for clean drinking water at four major junctions, where the chariot is expected to stop for darshans. The AMC has also mapped dangerous buildings that may collapse in the walled city with people trying to climb them to take a glance at the Lord's chariot. \"We would cordon off the area and restrict people from entering such structures,\" says an AMC official.About 25 CCTV cameras have been installed at various points to monitor the crowd and look for suspicious elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167121", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav takes U-turn, extends support to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party (SP) national president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday evening extended his party's support to the Congress-led UPA's candidate for the presidential polls Pranab Mukherjee. \"Our party's national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav has already announced party's support to Pranab's name and I stand by his statement,\" Mulayam said talking to reporters at Lucknow after his return from Delhi on Friday evening.Describing Pranab as \"one of the most deserving candidates for the post\", Mulayam remained visibly uncomfortable with questions relating to the joint press conference with Mamata Banerjee in Delhi on Wednesday where they named former president APJ Abdul Kalam , former speaker Somnath Chatterjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as their choice candidates.Dismissing questions on whether he had extended support in consultation with Mamata Banerjee, Mulayam said \"such queries were irrelevant as SP general secretary has already declared support to the UPA candidate\".Asked about the relevance of the three names that he had suggested on Wednesday, Mulayam said: \"We have only suggested those names. We never said that we will field them as our candidate. But now that the UPA has named Pranab as its candidate and our party general secretary declared that the party will support him, I stand by the decision.\"Asked if SP will join the UPA government at the Centre in case the party gets an invitation from Delhi, Mulayam said: \"Where does the question arise? Neither have they (UPA) invited us, nor do we have any such thing in mind. We are talking about the most prestigious and coveted chair in the country, such a topic cannot be and must not be linked to or mixed with other political issues.\"On whether his change of stance with regards to supporting the UPA candidate instead of standing by the three names suggested on Wednesday will end up leaving the SP's relations with AITC strained, Mulayam shot back: \"Aap log pata nahin kya bat kar rahe ho. Itne mahatvapoorn padh ke bare mein baat ho rahi hai ... beech-beech mein pata nahin kahan se aur kyon aap log is tarah ke sawal pooch rahe hain. Is tarah ke koi sawaal hi naheen uthta hai yahan pur,\" (I don't know what you are talking about. We are talking about such an important issue... in between you people come up with such irrelevant and baseless questions. Such questions don't arise here).\" Party insiders say that the UPA started with confidence-building measures with the SP through SP MP and general secretary Naresh Agarwal as the points man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14179217", "title": "Borivali society get second chance against builder", "text": "MUMBAI: In a welcome relief to a Borivali (E) based housing society, the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently set aside an order passed by the forum dismissing the complaint and directed it to hear the matter afresh.The complaint was filed by Girishankar Building 'A' Co-op. Hsg. Society , through its secretary against M/s Shyam Developers and M/s Ardour Builders Private Limited. In the complaint filed in 2005, the then unregistered society prayed for many things including water connection by immediate construction of an auxiliary tank, procurement of the completion and occupation certificates, remove of all illegal construction on the rear side of the building and the stilt floor and making the full stilt parking area available to the society as per the original approved plan.Further, the society also sought carrying out pending repairs of the flats, including cracks in the walls, leakage from the terrace, drainage and plumbing etc., forming of the cooperative society, handing over accounts and advance maintenance charges, share capital account etc. and transferring of the electric meters and water connection. However, the district forum held that the \"proposed society\" of the flat purchasers which had filed consumer complaint cannot be a consumer within the meaning of the Consumer Protection Act and dismissed the complaint on March 18, 2010.Aggrieved by this order the society filed the appeal. During the pendency of the appeal, the flat purchasers themselves formed the cooperative society, registered it and that registered society was impleaded as appellant number two. Referring to this, the commission said that since the complaint was dismissed only on the ground that unregistered society cannot be said to be consumer, under the present circumstances when the society was registered the forum should hear the complaint afresh. The commission also ordered all parties involved in the case to appear before the district forum on June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177138", "title": "Tom Cruise hopeful of 'Top Gun' sequel", "text": "Tom Cruise has admitted that he \"hopes\" to reprise his role as U.S naval aviator Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell in a sequel to the classic 'Top Gun'.But the actor insists that he would sign on only if the script is right.\"You know what, if we can get the script right, then we'll do it. And that's what we hope to do,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling Access Hollywood .\"Again, yeah, if I could get the script right, we're going to do it. We're going to do our best,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14159633", "title": "Steely Saina Nehwal wears down Shixian to enter semifinals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with Saina Nehwal's continued persistence, the Chinese seem to be wilting. The 22-year-old world No. 5 yet again proved a thorn in China's flesh as she wore down former All-England champion Shixian Wang 21-17, 21-23, 21-19 in an energy-sapping quarterfinal of the Djarum Indonesia Super Series Premier in Jakarta on Friday.After the draining one-hour-37-minute tie, without doubt the best match of the tournament so far, Saina pumped her fists in delight and lay on the court as a sense of great relief overwhelmed her. Then emotions took over and she was seen shedding a few tears.It was apparent the match had required all of her reserves of skill and temperament.\"It was a very, very, very tough match, perhaps the most difficult of my career. I was so drained up that I could not control my tears after getting the match point. Both of us played really hard and we had to fight hard for each and every point,\" Saina said.Saina's academy-mate Parupalli Kashyap, who knocked out top seed Chen Long of China on Thursday, marched into the semifinals with a straight game victory over Hans-Kristian Vittinghus of Denmark 21-15, 21-14.A couple of hours before Shixian's exit, the Chinese suffered another shock as world No. 2 Wang Xin lost to world No. 10 Ji Hyun Sung of Korea 16-21, 17-21 in another last eight clash. Ji will square up against Saina in the semifinal on Saturday.The enthralling encounter between two exceptionally talented 22-year-olds witnessed deft drops, clever cross court drives, hurting body smashes and most importantly, nerve-rattling rallies that pushed the crowd to the edge of their seats.Shixian, one of the three Chinese to qualify for London, opened up a 5-2 lead in the first game. But Saina managed to draw Shixian closer to the net and took control. The Indian led 11-10 at the break and from 16-16 she moved to 20-16 with a four-point burst. At 20-17, Saina killed a long rally with a ferocious body smash.Kashyap has it easyEarlier, Kashyap had it easy against Vittinghus. Though Vittinghus is ranked 16, Kashyap had defeated the Dane twice earlier. With 29 smash winners, 17 of them in the first game, Kashyap toyed with the Dane in the 39-minute tie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168439", "title": "Junior engineer held for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau on Thursday arrested a junior engineer of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited for allegedly taking Rs 3,500 as bribe for installation of a new electricity meter.According to assistant commissioner of police (anti-corruption bureau) Rajendra Galande, complainant Nitin Bahirat (31) of Sangvi is an autorickshaw driver. Recently he took a room on rent in Old Sangvi. The house owner told Bahirat that he had to install a separate electricity meter for his rented house.Bahirat approached MSEDCL junior engineer Deepak Jawale (42) at his office in Sangvi for the new meter. \"The cost of installing a new meter is Rs 1,150. But Jawale demanded Rs 5,000 from him. Bahirat soon lodged a complaint against Jawale with the anti-corruption bureau,\" Galande said.\"On Thursday, police inspectors Vinod Satav and Ashwini Satpute laid a trap at Jawale's office and caught him while accepting Rs 3,500 from Bahirat,\" Galande said.Galande said that the anti-corruption bureau has received several complaints against MSEDCL employees who were demanding more money than the stipulated amount for giving electricity connections.\"We are monitoring the activities of such persons. We will take action against them,\" Galande added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167131", "title": "Five loot cases reported in Bhopal in 24 hours", "text": "BHOPAL: Five incidents of loot, including a chain-snatching by throwing chilly powder into a woman's eyes during the past 24 hours in the city were reported. No arrest has been made so far.In the first incident, an unidentified person barged into the hosue of Jagdish Prasad, a resident of Rishipuram and picked up valuables in wee hours of Friday. However, the complainant got up and the accused attacked him with rod. Later, other family members also woke up and tried to catch the accused, but he managed to escape with Rs 15,000 cash and jewellery.The Govindpura police have registered a case of theft in incident. The unidentified accused was also beaten up by the complainant and the family. The thief did not pick up his footwear to escape.In the second incident, a young woman Sharda, a resident of Janata quarters, was heading on a two-wheeler with one of her friends when two unidentified persons, who were on a bike, snatched her gold chain and sped on Thursday evening. A case of loot was later registered by the Habibganj police.The third incident also took place in Habibganj. The police said 20-year-old girl Priyanka, the daughter of Premchand Sahu was robbed of gold chain. Bike-borne accused threw chilly powder into her eyes and robbed her gold chain. Initially, the police resisted in registering the incident.The fourth incident took place in Shahpura area. Police said the accused barged into a house and made off with cash and ATM card amounting to around Rs 10,000. The victim and her daughter were tied to a chair before the incident. A case in this regard was registered on the complaint of Shabda, the police added.Similarly, an elderly woman, Sushila was robbed of her gold chain when she was walking close to her house near the eye hospital road in old city on Friday morning. The Gautam Nagar police said two persons came on a bike and robbed her chain amounting to Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14165037", "title": "Uttarakhand alert for parched city", "text": "If you don't act now, Delhi will be starved of electricity and water in the coming years - this was the dire warning given by a group of village women, who have come to Delhi from remote areas of Uttarakhand. Their mission is to shake up the government and get it to restart work on several hydel projects in the state.There is indeed a connection with the water woes of Delhi. The long-term plan for supplying water to the parched capital includes getting it from two hydel projects located in Uttarakhand - Lakhwar Vyasi (near Mussoorie on river Yamuna) and Kishau (near Dehradun on river Tons). Both are under a cloud.But the mountain women had a sadder tale to tell - a tale that again highlights the balance between 'development' and environmental conservation.\"After my son got married, his bride refused to stay in our village because there is no electricity. They have left me alone with my one cow,\" wails Leelavati from Bitri village in Uttarkashi district. She wants to meet Sonia Gandhi in the hope that she will listen to her demand.That's one part of the argument - electricity for the people. Uttarakhand, once touted as Urja Pradesh (\"Energy State\") now spends Rs 750 crore every year buying power, says Avdhash Kaushal of the Rural Litigation and Entitlement Kendra, a Dehradun-based NGO that has arranged these women's visit to Delhi. Per capita consumption of electricity in Uttarakhand is just 655 kWh, even lower than Chhattisgarh. Over 1220 villages remain unelectrified in the state.Suratama, also from a village in Uttarkashi says that they have to walk 2 kms to a village in Himachal Pradesh to recharge their mobile phones, and that too for exorbitant amounts ranging between Rs.100 to 200.The other aspect of the problem is employment. Rameshwari from Chamoli district is dramatic in highlighting this. She threatens self-immolation if work on the Vishnugad project is not started immediately. \"Half the village has been relocated and given plots across the Alakhnanda. They have been given compensation and they have taken loans to build houses which are yet incomplete. Everybody was working in the project. Now, work is stopped and we are sinking into poverty,\" she says.Avdhash Kaushal was severely critical of the \"sadhu-sant lobby\" for forcing stoppage of work in the state's hydel projects. \"These sadhus have ashrams on the banks of Ganga and other rivers with 400 AC rooms. Their sewer lines directly fall into the rivers. It is they who are responsible for destroying the holy rivers, not hydel projects,\" claims an emotional Kaushal.After the Uttarakhand High Court ordered that work on Loharinag Pala project, 100 kms upstream of Tehri dam on the Bhagirathi river, be continued, the whole matter of hydel projects was referred to National Ganga River Basin Authority. But meanwhile a fast unto death by former IIT professor G.D.Agarwal and intervention by Magsaysay Award winner Rajendra Singh led to it being scrapped. The Ganga Authority has not taken any decision in this apart from setting up committees.Environmental activists in general have been lobbying for end to indiscriminate building of hydel projects in hill states like Uttarakhand and Arunachal Pradesh. They claim that such projects destroy the fragile ecosystems by interfering with rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14179065", "title": "GTU final semester out", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Gujarat University has on Saturday declared the result for the final semester of the Bachelor of Engineering. Over 85 per cent have cleared their examination.This was in sharp contrast to the result of the firt semester of engineering. Earlier in May the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) had declared 27 per cent result of the first semester of engineering students. This is one of the lowest results of first semester engineering announced in the recent past.GTU officials said that the result of the final year semester was 95 per cent and the increase in the passout percentage was only be-cause the students after failing to clear their first semester work hard and make up. Usually when these students come to the college, they find it very difficult to cop up.Officials said that GTU after the results was suitably embarrassed with the low result which had not put the diploma engineering results on the website. \"There is a degree of shock prevalent amongst the polytechnic colleges with such huge number of students failing the first semester exams\", said a senior academician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/ jaipur", "code": "14165705", "title": "'Many passengers were on bus roof'", "text": "JAISALMER/ JAIPUR: \"As per primary investigation, the trucker lost control over the wheels and the truck rammed into the bus after jumping to the wrong side of the road,\" SP, Jalore, Deepak Kumar said.According to an eye-witness, the bus was over crowded and passengers were even sitting on its roof. \"Those sitting on the roof managed to survive by jumping off the bus. Some of them sustained fractures,\" another eye-witness said.The police did not rule out an increase in the toll. Following the incident, the national highway 15 was blocked for nearly four hours. It was later opened to traffic after the debris was removed from the site by a team of fire tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159034", "title": "Pratima reports 'Babu's' behaviour to MMC chief", "text": "MARGAO: Reacting sharply to her recent altercation with former minister Manohar (Babu) Azgaonkar who prevented her from carrying out her encroachment drive in Gandhi Market, Margao Municipal Council (MMC) vice chairperson and market committee in-charge, Pratima Coutinho shot off a strongly worded note to the MMC chief officer J B Bhingui on Friday.Coutinho informed Bhingui that it was upon his request that she accompanied a delegation of Gandhi market association members on Wednesday after they had complained about the Gandhi market building roof. She said that during the inspection she noticed alleged illegal encroachments on the footpath and passageway and brought this to the notice of MMC market inspector Mohan Arlekar who started removing the encroachments with his staff.\"Thereafter, the market inspector was abused, hackled and accosted by the encroachers mostly migrant vendors, along with their leader Babu Azgaonkar who stopped me from continuing the drive against encroachments. He gave an excuse that anti-encroachment drives should be first done in the new market,\" said Coutinho. She further pointed out that Azgaonkar had warned of leading a morcha to the municipality within the next eight daysCoutinho in her note highlighted the need for clearing the encroachments, bad conditions of the market building and other hardships faced by traditional Goan vendors for 'necessary action or consideration of the chief officer'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "saint-omer", "code": "14178735", "title": "Kapur makes cut at Saint-Omer in France", "text": "SAINT-OMER: A late slump threatened to jeopardise Shiv Kapur's chances but the Indian golfer still managed to make the cut with a four-over 75 in the second round of the Saint-Omer Open.Kapur, who was lying 45th after the first round seemed to be on his way to making the weekend rounds following an eagle on the ninth at which point he was one-under for the day and one-over for the tournament.But four bogeys on the back-nine, including three in a row from 14th to 16th, almost put him out of the tournament. He made it on the cutline at four-over and in the 65th place. 81 players made the cut at five-over 147.Korean Sihwan Kim, who failed to pick any of the four berths from the five-way play-off at the US Open qualifiers, seemed to be making up by taking the halfway lead.Playing his first season in Europe, Kim shot a two-under 69 in the second round to lead at six-under.Joint overnight leaders Adam Gee and Simon Wakefield carded 72s to sit at three-under, two shots behind second placed South African Darren Fichardt (69).The 500,000 euro tournament is co-sanctioned by The European Tour and the Challenge Tour, and the prize money counts for both The Race to Dubai and the Challenge Tour Rankings. The winner will gain a European Tour exemption until the end of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bolpur", "code": "14162763", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee family hurt by Mamata Banerjee's opposition", "text": "BOLPUR: Pranab Mukherjee's family is thrilled that he has been nominated for the post of President, but hurt that chief minister Mamata Banerjee tried to scuttle his chances.\"We are very happy that my father has been nominated as the UPA Presidential candidate. I do hope that that he is elected,\" said Abhijit, the Nalhati MLA.\"In other states, parties cross the political divide to support the Presidential candidate nominated from their state. Mamata Banerjee should follow this tradition. A Bengali has the opportunity of becoming the President and since she is the chief minister, it is expected that she will facilitate that possibility. On the contrary, she started opposing it. It is very unfortunate. I would still appeal to all political parties of the state to support him. During his political life my father stuck to honest politics. He crossed the party-line to do a lot for Bengal. So he may have rightly expected some positive response from the state,\" Abhijit said.'Pranab's elder sister, Annapurna Banerjee, said she always knew Mamata would not support him. \"I do not have any connection with politics but I knew that Mamata would not back my brother. What she has done is not good.\"Pranab is very fond of his didi and spends a few days with her whenever he visits the ancestral house in Miriti. \"I cannot express my joy in words. In 40 years of political life, my brother never did anything wrong. Nobody can raise a finger against him. His sincerity, perseverance and commitment to people enabled him to reach the summit,\" she said. Annapurna sat glued to the TV all day.Elder brother Pijush Mukherjee, former principal of Patha Bhawan, said: \"I am very happy for Pranab. But I think Mamata Banerjee should have supported my brother and should not have dragged Somnath Chatterjee into this controversy.\"Pranab's followers had organised a four-day yajna at Japeswar temple, an old Shiva temple that Pranab had helped renovate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14166066", "title": "Barmer and Jaisalmer facing medical staff crunch", "text": "JAISALMER: Shortage of medical staff in Barmer and Jaisalmer has taken a toll on the healthcare services in the western part of the state and left the patients in a limbo.Around 21 sub-centers are almost closed and non-functional in Jaisalmer. Besides, primary health centres in Khuri, Nachna, Mohangarh and Ramdeora are also facing shortage of medical staff.As many as 74 posts of auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM) are lying vacant since a long time here. Moreover, 29 ANMs have been transferred from Jaisalmer recently, but only four ANMs have replaced them.The chief medical health officer Anand Gopal Purohit said, \"The 21 sub- centres are affected badly due to medical staff shortage. There are around 311 posts of ANMs in the district but out of them 74 posts are lying vacant and now 29 of them have been transferred.\"The situation is getting worse for the patients who live in remote areas of the district. The state government opened the sub-centres in Jaisalmer as the primary and community health centres are situated in distant places. Since Jaisalmer is sparsely populated and the distance between two villages is more than in any other district, the patients have to travel long distances to reach these centres.Besides, the recently transferred ANMs in Jaisalmer tried to stop a train on Wednesday for not relieving them, but police forcefully dispersed them.ADM Parshuram Dhanka, additional SP Ganpat Lal along with the police force and CMHO Gopal Anand Purohit persuaded the protesting ANMs and sent them back. Purohit said such a large number of ANMs cannot be relieved as this could disturb the system. Adding there are already 76 vacant posts of ANMs.But, ANM Kavita Choudhary said they were transferred on May 31, but till date they have not been relieved. They want to go back to their home.Similarly, 59 ANMs from Barmer who were transferred were relieved. But, only two ANMs have come to replace them. Barmer is facing a paucity of ANMs. All these ANMs were appointed in remote areas and after relieving them the situation has started worsening.On the other hand, minister of state for medical and health Dr Rajkumar Sharma has assured Barmer CMHO Dr Ajmal Hussain that within three months, the same number of ANMs that have been transferred will be appointed. Even more doctors would be appointed in Barmer on a priority basis.CMHO Dr Hussain said that Dr Sharma has assured that in the next recruitment, ANMs and doctors would come first to Barmer. It was on Sharma's assurance and order that the ANMs were relieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14160246", "title": "Great chance to develop football in India: Koevermans", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Football Federation on Friday officially named Wim Koevermans as the new appointment in charge of the senior national team. The 51-year-old Dutchman will take up the Indian job from July 1, once he relinquishes his present duties as high performance director, Republic of Ireland Football Association.TOI had first reported on May 22, 2012 that Koevermans would be appointed national coach. The first assignment for Koevermans, who has signed a two-year contract, will be the Nehru Cup in the Capital from August 13-Sep 2. But before that, he will join Rob Baan in Oman to assess the Indian under-22 team. \"I come from a country where young players are given a chance, and that is what I want to see happening here too,\" Koevermans said.Regarding the status of Savio Medeira, AIFF's stand-in appointment as national coach, the federation said that he was very much still part of the Indian coaching staff. Among other issues discussed at the executive committee meeting, it was decided to invite Jordan, Nigeria, Malaysia, Syria, Qatar and Afghanistan for the Nehru Cup. Earlier, Koevermans spoke to TOI.Excerpts:What is it about India that makes you want to take this job?When I started working for the Dutch FA, international football was much more on the agenda for me than before. I always had a big interest in international football because of all the different cultures that you meet. I've also been in the middle of a jungle with a football pitch, with two goals and nets in it. This was in Surinam, a former Dutch colony. I was always amazed to see the power of football, internationally.So, when the possibility of working in India came, I was immediately interested. Working in India is a great opportunity to help develop football here with all the experience and coming from a country that's known for development of young players and coaches as well.At 164, would this be the lowest-ranked country you've agreed to coach?Well... I don't think in that way. I see this country, that I think they call a 'sleeping giant', there's so much to develop. And I've seen it in so many countries, no matter how high or low they are on FIFA's list, there's passion and people want to play football.What were the specifics that you noticed in the games that you watched....I noticed that the style of play is very direct, very straightforward. The ball was on the ground and all of a sudden the ball goes forward (makes exploding sign with hands). And in nine out of ten times, by doing that you lose the ball. I think football is all about keeping the ball, and when you have the ball you can create chances and score more goals.The reason is we don't have six-foot-five tall strikers. I don't think you find them in India, so I think you have to play to the quality of your players. That's a very important part of the analysis - you have to play to the strengths and qualities of your players, but you have to improve them as well.So, keep the ball on the ground... and I have seen spells in the game where are very good and capable of keeping the ball on the ground, but all of a sudden, you play it just ... away... and we lose it. That's something we need to improve on. There are more things that I think we can improve on, because it's a team and a team performance.Which areas would need the most amount of work and change?Let's see...To change that style of play, there's always a lot of effort you have to put in because if you play in a way that you have been used to for a couple of years and slowly we have to change that. That will take some time, but also effort. But I think, it can go quicker than everybody thinks. That's one of the things I experienced in Ireland. Their style of play was really like the English - high pressure, kick the ball and run and see if we can win it.So we changed that and actually, we changed it quite quickly. We have to change the coaches first and then the players. Everybody loves to play with the ball, and when the ball is constantly up in the air and you have to run after it, I don't think that's the way you play football for. So, keep the ball and of course, the other team will also have it and that's when you have to defend it together, but to play football, keep the ball and create chances and it makes your chances of winning bigger. That's what we are going to aim for. But as I said, we have to work hard and we have to constantly and persistently try to improve and that process will start from Day One when I'm with the players. And I think they will be pleased to make that change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167507", "title": "State all set to wear green look", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state will be made greener by about four crore trees this monsoon. The forest department has set the target for plantation for 2012-13. The plantation will be done by forest and other government departments like PWD, irrigation, energy, rural development and others. The state's 61,450 hectare area will be made green under the annual plantation project. The last year's target was 55,000 hectare.The biggest chunk will be planted by the forest department. It will plant 2.9 crore plants in the state, over an area of 45,000 hectare. The plantation will extensively be done in forest land, gram sabha land, agricultural fields, along roadsides, canals and rail tracks and private land.The other departments have been given a lesser target as compared to the forest department. They will together plant trees on 16,450 hectare area. The plantation will begin at the onset of monsoon. \"We will start as soon as 6 to 8 inches of soil gets wet,\" said sources in the department. It might happen after it rains sufficiently well for two three days at a stretch.The targets were decided in January. The department has to complete the soil work by March. \"That is done and the wait is on for rain,\" said sources. Plantation begins with the state observing Van Mahotsav on July 1. But, in case monsoon does not arrive by then, the plantation efforts will have to be kept waiting. The effort to raise green belts though will start on July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14166296", "title": "CNG supply to be cut", "text": "GURGAON: Residents here won't get CNG for 30 hours\u2014from 11.30pm on Saturday to 6am on Monday. Supply would be disrupted due to a maintenance shutdown by GAIL, said sources. GAIL is the main supplier to Haryana City Gas Distribution Limited (HCGDL), which owns all the five CNG pumps here. To ensure the supply cut doesn't impact the public, emergency supply by mobile cascades is being arranged for Haryana Roadways buses. Satish Chopra, chairman and managing director of HCGDL, confirmed this. He added that they would ensure uninterrupted gas supply to domestic customers and commercial establishments from their line pack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167190", "title": "Youth booked on charges of rape", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have booked a youth for allegedly raping a woman in a moving car and later abandoning her in Shyamla Hills area late on Thursday.The accused and the victim are known to each other for past few years, the police said, adding sometime back the woman had also lodged a complaint against him with SSP when the accused denied marrying her.The incident took place when accused Ubez took the victim with him on the pretext of meeting his parents. Police said the victim alleged that he raped her and threw her out of the moving car. On the basis of the victim's statement, the police have registered a case of rape against youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14165528", "title": "Puttur murders: Police yet to trace missing husband", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada Police are contemplating on releasing the photograph of Venkataramana Bhat, 50, hailing from Bettampady village in Puttur taluk, to the media in a bid to trace him.His wife and three children were found murdered at his house on Thursday. \"He is not a suspect as of now. He has not been traced and we are thinking of using the media to trace him,'' said superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal.The decomposed bodies his wife and kids were found by a Mescom lineman, who had gone there to read the meter. The deceased are Sandhya, 40, a school teacher and her children Vedhya, 18, Harigovind,16, and Vinuta, 12. Police suspect that the incident took place on June 11 night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168091", "title": "Special drive against traffic offenders this weekend Saturday, Sunday", "text": "PUNE: To curb increasing number of accidents on city roads, the city police traffic branch will conduct a special drive on June 16 and 17 in the entire city.During the drive, the trafficpolice will take action against errant drivers involved in offences like lane-cutting, driving in inebriated condition and driving two-wheelers without wearing helmets.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said it has been observed that for the last few days, road accidents in the city as well as in Pimpri-Chinchwad areas have increased. \"We also have observed that most of the accidents took place due to negligent driving,\" Pandhare said. \"During the rains, accidents also take place as result of vehicle skidding due to slippery roads.\"Pandhare has made an appeal to all two-wheeler riders to wear helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14162457", "title": "Two die in slum blaze", "text": "NOIDA: Two persons were killed and at least 25 shanties were gutted after a major fire broke out in a slum cluster in Nawada in Sector 62. The incident occurred around 11.30am on Friday when an LPG cylinder exploded in one of the shanties. The fire spread quickly engulfing the neighbouring shanties. Gas cylinders lying there too caught fire gutting the entire area.The victims have been identified as four-year-old Pooja and 65-year-old Parul. The police said there were no other casualties or injuries reported as the other slum dwellers had managed to rush out of their shanties. Parul was physically challenged and was alone in her shanty, so she could not escape. Pooja was in her shanty with her mute grandmother, while her father Dinesh, a rickshaw puller, was out working. Pooja's grandmother managed to escape.The two victims were taken to the district hospital where they were declared brought dead. \"I was at the nearby rickshaw stand at the time when one of my neighbours told me about the incident. By the time I reached, everything had turned to ashes. My wife had gone out to the nearby society where she works as a domestic help,\" said Dinesh, Pooja's father.This is the second such incident in the slums in Nawada area in a span of just about two months. On March 31, another cluster of 54 slums was gutted and two girls had lost their lives after a gas cylinder exploded.Aman Sharma, chief fire officer, Gautam Budh Nagar, said that six fire tenders were rushed to the spot immediately and it took them around half an hour to douse the fire. \"Someone was cooking in one of the shanties when the thatched roof and plastic sheets on the walls caught fire. There was just one exit for the slum dwellers to escape since the cluster is surrounded by buildings and construction sites on all three sides,\" Sharma said.Meanwhile, residents in the several high-rises in sectors around Nawada say that lack of better arrangements by the administration and lack of awareness on part of the slum dwellers makes the area particularly vulnerable to such incidents.\"Less than a week after the fire incident in March, the plastic sheets and thatched huts were back and so were hundreds of new gas cylinders. The slum dwellers do not realise that these cylinders, congested shanties, plastic sheets used on roofs and walls invite incidents like these,\" said Rashmi Bansal , a resident of Sector 62.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181347", "title": "RiRi loves drama of Chris Brown and Drake's fight over her", "text": "Rihanna, who is assumed to be the reason of the recent bar brawl between Chris Brown and Drake, \"loves the drama\" of two men fighting over her, sources have revealed.Although the 24-year-old singer had been spotted out and about in New York earlier in the week, she wasn't at W.i.P, when a massive fight broke out between two of her ex-boyfriends.According to the source, the ' Umbrella ' hitmaker \"loves this!\"\"Men fighting over her? Are you kidding? Of course. She loves the drama,\" Us magazine quoted her as saying.Brown tweeted a photo of a serious gash on his chin after a bystander threw a bottle at him during the melee.\"Chris and Drake never got in each other's faces,\" an observer said.\"It was entourage versus entourage, never Drake versus Chris,\" the observer said.Rihanna \"got text messages from everybody telling her what happened right after it went down,\" the source said.\"She just laughed. She's spoken to both of them and just thinks it's crazy. She's glad she wasn't there though!\" the source said.The chart-topping singer has been secretly hooking up with her abusive ex Brown for over a year, and has been romantically linked to Drake, 25, in the past.\"She wants to be friends with both of them,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170303", "title": "Elect mayor close to Nehru-Gandhi family: Pramod", "text": "ALLAHABAD: People of Allahabad should elect such a person as mayor of the city who has remained connected with the Nehru-Gandhi family and their ancestral home Anand Bhawan and Congress candidate Shree Wadhawan belongs to a family which has a long standing association with the above, said senior Congress leader, Pramod Tiwari while speaking to newspersons here on Friday.He recalled that it was only due to the efforts of former prime minister late Rajiv Gandhi that local bodies have been empowered through an amednment in the Constitution undertaken during his tenure. Moreover it is due to the two central schemes sanctioned for the state that the city has witnessed development in some form.He said that the state government has sanctioned a budget of Rs 200 crore for Mahakumbh 2012-13 which is not adequate. However if the Congress candidate is elected as mayor, efforts would be made to seek more funds from the central government for the Mahakumbh.Former city mayor and Congress leader Ravi Bhushan Wadhawan said that city would be brought at par with cities like the state capital Lucknow in terms of development in terms of facilities. Another Congress leader Abhay Awasthi said that a new dawn of development would be ushered in the city and state of art civic facilities would be provided if the Congress candidate is elected. Meanwhile PCC member Mukund Tiwari and Tariq Saeed hailed the nomination of union Finance minister Pranab Mukherje as presidentail candidate from the Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14173385", "title": "Uday \u2018Sir\u2019 is Parineeti\u2019s dinner date", "text": "Parineeti Chopra and her recently (self) appointed mentor Uday Chopra are taking their professional relationship a little too seriously.Apart from attending parties together (Karan Johar's 40th birthday bash and Priyanka Chopra's do to celebrate her cousin's success, for instance), the Guru-Shishya duo has been spotted enjoying a hearty meal or two at various city nightspots. For starters, Parineeti and Uday were seen dining at a Michelin star restaurant in Bandra. According to an eyewitness, the two were enjoying each other's company perhaps a tad bit more than the sumptuous meal. And that wasn't just a one off.A few days later, the two were spotted sipping coffee at a Juhu five-star. Interestingly, the otherwise shy and reticent Uday was hardly spotted at public places during his much-publicised affair with Tanisha Mukerji. Evidently, the actor does not observe a similar discretion when it comes to his new disciple. While some may feel that this obvious affection between Parineeti and her mentor would develop into something deeper, insiders claim that the two are 'special friends'. \"They have a lot of common interests. They are the best of friends. They love hanging out with each other,\" said a source.Despite repeated attempts, Parineeti and Uday remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163069", "title": "Maulana Islahi quits madrassa", "text": "HYDERABAD: The row between two clerics fighting for the control of Jameatul Banat, a religious institution for girls in Saidabad, took a turn on Friday with its superintendent Maulana Abdul Aleem Islahi deciding to quit the institution.The move comes ahead of the general body meeting of Al-Banat Educational Society, the board that controls the institution, scheduled on June 17 to elect a new council. Maulana Islahi and Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin have been at loggerheads over the control of Jameatul Banat. The two are said to be mobilizing support among various quarters of the community to discredit each other and take over the management of the school.Maulana Islahi, in a written statement, accused the members of the local chapter of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind who form part of the general body, of attempting to control the institution. He said he had never tried to oust anybody from the institution or take over its management. \"I do not want to involve myself in this dispute and would like to lay down my responsibilities at the institution,\" he said.Sources said that the Jamaat members too plan to quit the society and pave way for the election of a new general body. \"They are disgusted at the ongoing tussle,\" they said.The school which started about 25 years ago now has 470 girls, about 100 of them in hostel, in its own buildings in Saidabad. They are taught various streams of Islamic studies along with the English language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14159204", "title": "Government officers transferred", "text": "PANAJI: In a minor reshuffle, the government on Wednesday transferred several senior scale and junior scale officers to new postings.The undersecretary, industries and labour, Hanuman Toraskar has been transferred as chief officer of the Mapusa municipal council. The present Mapusa council chief officer Damodar Moraskar will take over as undersecretary industries and labour.The assistant director of mines Raju Gawas has been transferred as undersecretary public grievances. The custodian of evacuee property M B Kumthekar has been transferred as secretary of the state human rights commission. The secretary of state human rights commission Damodar Shanke has been transferred as special land acquisition officer Konkan Railway Corporation.The director of the Kadamba transport corporation, Venancio Furtado, has been transferred as the director (administration) directorate of health services, whereas the present director of administration (DHS) Derrick Pereira Netto will take over as the new KTC managing director.The special land acquisition officer for Mopa airport M K Vasta will hold additional charge as custodian of evacuee property. The assistant director I of industries department Biju Naik will also hold additional charge as assistant director II of the same department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jangipur", "code": "14162707", "title": "Jangipur's 'guest' becomes its first citizen", "text": "JANGIPUR: This quiet little town elected Pranab Mukherjee for the first time to the Lok Sabha in 2004. Congress strongman had appealed to people to vote for the 'guest' then. On Friday evening, the people of Jangipur needed no prodding. The streets erupted in joy as Sonia Gandhi announced Pranab's name for the post of President.Eight years and two terms later, Pranab and Jangipur have developed a strong bond. The townspeople have seen their MP as defence minister, external affairs minister and then finance minister. They held their breath when Pranab's name was in reckoning for the Prime Minister's post. And now that he is likely to be President, the town can't hold its joy. People were seen distributing sweets on the streets in the evening.Pranab, too, has left no stone unturned to reach out to the people of Jangipur. In fact, he held his last political meeting here last week, just as Mamata was meeting Mulayam Singh to scupper his chances of becoming President. \"I will always keep Jangipur in mind. I am grateful to Jangipur as it gave me land under my foot,\" Pranab said at a party meeting last Saturday.Sentu Sheikh, a resident of Deuli, where Pranab has built a home said: \"We are proud of Pranab Da. He has put Jangipur on the national map and has proved repeatedly that he will not forget us,\" said. Neighbours are thrilled that he has planned the bungalow as a retirement getaway - complete with ponds where he can go fishing, and a landscaped garden. There is even a 'thakur ghar' (prayer room) in the compound.When he was nominated as a Lok Sabha candidate in 2004, Adhir had gone house to house, saying: \"Pranabda is our mehmaan. We, the residents of Murshidabad, know how to honour our guests. If you elect him, he will change the face of this district.\" Pranab's native place Bolpur is some 150km away.The voters kept faith in him and Pranab showered his generosity on them. He began with a Rs 250 crore allocation for anti-erosion projects and followed it up with arsenic treatment schemes, taking care of two of the biggest problems in the district. There is now a provident fund regional office at Jangipur, an army recruitment centre and a passport regional office at Behrampore, Aligarh Muslim University at Mangalzone, and a management institute at Talaimore.Even Abul Hasnat, a former CPM MP who was defeated by Pranab, couldn't hide his joy: \"I am happy that Pranab Mukherjee has been nominated for the President's post. We hope to see the first Bengali President, and there is no doubt that he is qualified. He is a veteran politician and has plenty of national and international experience. One of the best candidates, I would say. It's my personal comment.\" The CPM is yet to make its stand clear on Pranab.A beaming Adhir said: \"I am very happy that Pranab da has been nominated. I expect him to be the first Bengali president.\" He urged the Left to support Pranab, saying it would be the right \"prayaschit (atonement)\". Adhir said it would be impossible for Congress to stay in the mahajot in Bengal with Trinamool Congress . \"We should fight the next elections on our own. I do not know what our senior leaders will decide, but the coalition with Trinamool is getting very embarrassing for Congress. Mamata now stands isolated. No thinking Bengali will support her any more.\"The possibility of Pranab becoming President has enthused local party workers. \"We know Pranabda will not be able to visit us very often if he becomes President, but most of the residents are happy because we have seen him with the people, from the tea stall to the fields. He talks to everyone like a friend and mentor though we know he is an international figure. We thank Soniaji, who dared to announce his name in spite of alliance pressure politics,\" said Md Shohrab, Congress Legislature Party leader in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181455", "title": "Vuu Kodathara Vulikki Padathara release postponed", "text": "The release of actor Manchu Manoj's dream project, Vuu Kodathara Vulikki Padathara has been pushed to July. It is not going to be releasing next week as was stated earlier. Producer Lakshmi Manchu is planning to release the movie on July 12 instead. The film is releasing in both Telugu and Tamil next month. The actress-turned-producer is sparing no effort to make sure the movie strikes gold at the BO. Touted to be a fantasy flick, the film has generated sizeable interest among the audiences and the filmmakers are confident that the film will wow the audiences. Deeksha Seth is playing the lead in the movie directed by Sekhar Raja, a debutante. Bobo Sashi is composing the music and Bollywood duo, Salim - Sualiman have composed the background score for the movie. Sonu Sood, Banu Chander, Sai Kumar, Brahmanandam and Sunil are also part of the ensemble star cast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163452", "title": "Secretariat Colony turns into hub of illegal apartments", "text": "HYDERABAD: Real estate activity in the core city could still be on shaky ground but in the expansive Secretariat Colony in Puppalguda, a stone's throw away from the multi-crore Lanco Hills project, apartment complexes are springing up by the dozen. Not just vacant plots but even independent homes on this land, bought by a cluster of Secretariat employees about two decades ago, are now being redeveloped into more commercially viable multi-storied ventures, largely catering to the middle-class buyer. And this hectic activity is despite Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) officials saying that at least 60% of these gram panchayat plots are not regularized and, therefore, have no permission to house residential apartments.In a clear violation of the rulebook that allows for only single dwellings (independent homes) to be built on gram panchayat layouts, the locality is seen throbbing with tall buildings, most of which are constructed on a ground+four (ground floor + four floors) format. There are just about a handful of bungalows and row houses scattered across its many bylanes. But it is the apartments, affordably priced between Rs 2,000 and Rs 2,500 per square feet (sft) that are driving the market here. The pricing is largely rooted in the area's distance from central Hyderabad, which is at least 15-18 kms if not more. In fact, a little haggling with the local brokers, found perched outside neighbourhood stores, can help a buyer here clinch a deal even for Rs 1,800-2,000 per sft.\"When this land was originally bought, the Secretariat employees wanted to convert it into a HMDA (then HUDA) layout. That did not come through and many either built small houses or sold it off to private developers,\" said a realtor from the city, charting the history of the area. With a severe scarcity of land in most parts of Hyderabad, builders are now heading to this colony to build illegal homes that still do not have the required government stamp.When quizzed, a broker here admitted that the regularization of some properties in the colony were questionable. He, however, was quick to add that the required permissions would come through soon. He even refused to divulge details about the developer of the property. According to his estimate roughly 60% of the properties in this colony do not have the LRS certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167751", "title": "Residents blame poor governance &amp; town planning", "text": "MUMBAI: They do not want to be labelled as 'moral minders' by supporting ACP Vasant Dhoble's crackdown on pubs and eateries. But the predominantly growing presence of such establishments in the Bandra-Khar belt is essentially due to bad governance, say residents and town planners.H (West) and various other citizens and residents' groups will jointly file a query under the Right to Information (RTI) Act to find out whether lounges, bars, bistros, restaurants and pubs across the city have all their licences in place.Residents groups in Bandra-Khar, who are the affected party, passed a resolution on Thursday to support ACP Vasant Dhoble who has been conducting raids on pubs and eateries, and demand separate 'entertainment zones'.Urban planners TOI spoke to on Friday also spoke of an urgent need to change zoning laws in Mumbai. Pankaj Joshi, executive director, Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI), said this would require changes to the Development Control Regulations as well as provisions under the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act.\"There are cases where people have been earlier granted relief by court because of disturbance caused by wedding halls. So if an area is zoned as residential then the huge commercial activity of a pub is not a complimentary activity. But zoning laws do allow pubs in residential zones,\" said Joshi.Architect P K Das blamed 'lack of ' or 'inadequate' governance for the phenomenon; urban planning demands that impact assessment be carried out before granting of permission, he said.\"Impact assessment is mandatory for governance. Today we are facing this anarchy in development due to lack of comprehensive planning and absence of impact assessment. Peace and life of a residential area are turned upside down due to the presence of pubs,\" said Das.The basic problem, say residents, is the spilling out of crowds from establishments on to the streets outside. \"The congestion on some of the streets postmidnight has to be seen to be believed. Residents have a huge problem accessing their buildings and parking. We are harassed to a point of no return, what with clients throwing condoms, bottles filled with urine and patrons coming out with liquor glasses,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H (West) Ward Citizens' Trust.Residents said if all the entertainment is clubbed in an activity zone everyone would be happy \u2014 the police, the youth, owners of these facilities and, of course, beleaguered residents of areas, around the present locations of these facilities.Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM, said pubs and bars involve \"huge\" money for all concerned. \"It brings in huge amount of revenue legally and illegally for not just the owners but for the concerned sanctioning authority departments,\" she said.PLAN B: CREATE ENTERTAINMENT HUBSResidents in the Bandra-Khar belt have been pressing for entertainment districts in the city that would be separate from residential localities. The Bandra-Kurla Complex is an option, they had long suggested to home minister R R Patil. That it is a commercial and not a residential area is a major point in its favour. Offices in the business district close by 7pm, and most pub activities usually start after 8.30pm and go on till the wee hours. For such a plan to be realized, Development Control Regulations as well as provisions under the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act would have to be amended, said Pankaj Joshi, executive director, Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14168320", "title": "Retail investors vanishing from stock markets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The volatile equity markets over the last four years have driven out retail investors and high net-worth individuals from the bourses, many of them having burnt their fingers badly.Sample this: The daily cash trading volume by retail investors on National Stock Exchange stood at over Rs 27,000 crore on May 29, 2009, the last trading day of the month. This came down to Rs 9,600 crore on May 31, 2012.Total trading volumes on NSE during the same period clearly shows that trading in derivatives has increased.As on May 31, 2009 the total trading volume \u2014 which include spot as well as derivatives \u2014 on NSE stood at Rs 90,400 crore. This rose to Rs 2,11,000 crore on May 31, 2012.According to market analysts, this clearly indicates rise in speculative activity even as retail investors have withdrawn from spot trading.\"During last three years there is only downward movement in mid-cap as well as blue chip stocks. As a result, retail investors could not earn profits and they lost interest. Many also lost money in the IPO market during this period. Also, boom in realty sector as well as high fixed deposit rates lured the retail money,\" says broker Vaibhav Shah of Monark Projects, who laments that this trend is affecting brokerage business in a big way.Anil Shah, CMD of Span Broking, says the pulling out of retail investors has led to fall in number of jobbers hired by broking fir ms. \"There were around 3,000 of them until 2009 in Gujarat. Today, there are hardly 500,\" says Shah, who also blames the securities transaction tax for the phenomenon.Dinesh Thakkar, CMD of Ang el Broking, says some retail investors have shifted from spot segment to derivatives, especially options trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14168279", "title": "TOI report leads to banning of magazine with lewd content", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hours after The Times of India carried a shocking report on lewd jokes in a monthly magazine circulated in state-run schools under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan, the Gujarat government cancelled the contract awarded to the publisher, blacklisted the firm, forfeited the deposit and withdrew the childrens' magazine from schools.The black-listed firm, Amisha Printers, is a sister concern of Navbharat Sahitya Mandir, which has published several books pennedin praiseof CM Narendra Modi , and those written by his bureaucrats. The firm has made poets and writers out of many bureaucrats who have literary pretensions.The main patron is clearly the powerful additional secretary of general administration Harsh Brahmbhatt, who got six of his books released through Navbharat. Other bureaucrats who have published through Navbharat include Vipul Mittra, Bhagyesh Jha and Kirit Shelat.The ban may not make much impact because Navbharat has at least 10 other front firms which get a lion's share of all government printing contracts. Active patronage from politicians and bureaucrats has seen the firm owned by Mahendra Shah increasing its business by almost 10 times in the last 10 years of Modi rule. Amisha Printers bagged the contract from District Primary Education Programme, which is fundedby the Union ministry of human resources development, in March. The firm had sub-contracted the job of printing the controversial magazine 'Magic Puzzle' to Golibar Publications, one of the many local publishers who used to eat out of Shah's hands.\"We have cancelled the contract approval with immediate effect,\" said Manoj Agrawal, director of DPEP. He said the publisher was earlier given notice for not getting the content clearedby his department before sending it to schools. \"We don't think the students have read these jokes since schools reopened only three days ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14166831", "title": "Let us learn to hear you", "text": "There has been one noteworthy omission from among the list of issues faced by the differently abled that I have been addressing in this blog. I have been dearly wanting to be able to say something halfway meaningful about the travails of the hearing impaired . To date, I had made fairly serious attempts on at least four occasions , in vain, to get such a person to try and formulate some specific observances by 'normal people' which would mitigate some common diculties they face. Maybe because hearing impairment is not overtly visible to people (like a person in a wheel-chair , or a visibility impaired person walking with the white cane), many people including me have very little real conception of the world of one who cannot hear.But a few weeks ago, I received a wonderful email where the writer identified herself as a middle-aged woman from Mumbai, who had been faithfully reading my column for quite some time, and explained that she had a hearing impairment. I immediately sat up, thinking 'could this be my lead?' So I wrote back to her narrating the failed attempts discussed above, and asked if she would help me get a glimpse of the world from the perspective of one with her constraints. The very next day, I got this remarkably revealing email from her, which I simply reproduce below, verbatim and in toto , if only because it rings so true, and gives the reader a ring-side seat to the problems that people like her face every day:Thank you so much for your prompt and encouraging mail. I am so happy to know that you would like to touch upon the trials of hearing impaired folks . It is not at all insensitive on your part to do so, on the contrary it would be a good platform for sharing.I do not mind sharing some of the problems I face which a hearing person takes for granted. Starting with my alarm clock in the morning, I do not hear the beep. It is my husband who hears it and wakes me up. However when I travel out of town my wake up call is the vibrator mode of the mobile phone. Simple rituals like the whistle of the pressure cooker and kettle requires my physical presence. For the door bell, additional ringers have been placed and a louder bell has been fixed. The biggest problem that one faces is communicating in a big group, when there are a lot of background noises, and following conversation is very difficult. Social exclusion does take place and one does not feel a sense of belonging; during the course of a conversation very often one misses out on vital information or a joke. When everybody laughs it becomes embarrassing and one is misunderstood to be stupid. Hearing impaired folks communicate visually and they get conversation clues through body language, facial expressions and lip movement. It is therefore important to face a hearing impaired person and communicate slowly rather than raise one's voice. Since one has to concentrate hard all the time to understand conversation, it leaves one very fatigued and tired.Learning of languages is very difficult as one cannot hear the words and proununciations clearly, I faced this problem whilst learning Hindi in school. However now, exemptions from languages are possible for hearing impaired students. While walking on the road one cannot hear the traffic from behind and this can prove to be fatal to one's life. One can get knocked down by a vehicle. While driving very often one cannot hear the traffic and overtaking of cars, visual driving and constant concentration are the ways of manouvering oneself through the traffic. At the airport the announcements are not clear therefore one is constantly vigilant and watching the monitors for flight updates. Entertainment \u2014 while watching television and movies \u2014 all is not deciphered. However sometimes subtitles are used and these are a boon for the hearing impaired. Communicating through mobile phones, where in text messaging and the option of the vibrator mode is convenient, emails and the use of skype and video phones are also very convenient for hearing impaired folks.Parents may sometimes miss detecting hearing impairment in their child and may attribute low grades in school to laziness or inattentiveness . A young deaf and dumb lady was trained to work as a beautician . One of her seniors passed on some instructions which she could not hear and therefore she did not respond . The senior was furious and slapped her hard. The senior was not aware of her problem, and apologized to her later. This is one of many incidents faced by the hearing impaired folks.Thank you Rekha !VS Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally 'works out of a wheel-chair ' at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai. (You can read more about about this column in his blog http:// differentstrokesvss .blogspot.in/) He wishes to use this space to sensitize people periodically (roughly two Saturdays a month) of the concerns of the differently-abled members of our society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158457", "title": "With rains at doorstep, Nagpur Municipal Corporation plans 75 borewells", "text": "NAGPUR: With summer almost gone and monsoon at region's doorstep, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to have 75 borewells to help water scarcity affected areas. The proposal will come up for discussion in the standing committee meeting on Saturday.It says \"sanction of Rs 1.007 crore for construction of borewells in water scarcity-hit areas for summer 2012. The work will be executed through Zilla Parishad's Groundwater and Survey Development Agency ( GSDA) unit. Already, Rs 25 lakh have been deposited with the unit.\" Clearly, NMC is reacting too late.Executive engineer, water works department, Shashikant Hastak told TOI that the proposal was to construct around 100 borewells each costing around Rs 1 lakh. \"Department already bored 25 wells. Now the proposal is for remaining 75 borewells. In fact, there was no need of additional borewells during summer as water was provided through tankers to scarcity-hit areas. New borewells will bring down the number of water tankers needed next year,\" he said.Admitting it was negligence on part of the department, newly appointed chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle said that the proposal should have been placed in January. \"Wells should be made before commencement of summer. They will be of not much use during rainy and winter season. I will ensure no such errors occur in future,\" he said.BSP corporator from North Nagpur Kishor Gajbhiye said he had demanded 10 borewells in his ward in February to mitigate water crisis during the summer. \"Department cited lack of funds for not doing the work. This proposal is of no use now. These borewells will become non-functional by next summer. Besides, they have to be made at places where the water level is good and a survey has to be undertaken after proposal is approved. Action should be taken against officials responsible for the delay,\" he demanded.NMC has constructed around 4,000 bore-wells in various parts of the city but over 20-25% of them are non-functional. Besides, 500 of 750 major wells are not having mini water supply system. Most wells were not cleaned before the summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14166123", "title": "Government gets tough on ragging", "text": "LUCKNOW: Days before the start of the new academic session, the state government on Friday instituted stringent measures to curb instances of ragging in Uttar Pradesh. Following chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's orders to implement the Supreme Court's decision in this regard, principal secretary technical education RC Srivastava said students found guilty of ragging will be expelled from college for five years. They will also be banned from taking admission in any other college across the state. Students and witnesses, if any, indicted persons could also be held punishable under the law for a minimum of two years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000, Srivastava said.Apart from instructing all technical state and private-run technical and management institutes to spread the word about the 24-hour helpline, secretary, department of technical education, Amrit Abhijat also said the government has decided to declare districts with high concentration of educational institutes as \"sensitive\".He also said such regions would be monitored closely from the time the academic session begins. \"The decisions were taken as part of the Anti Ragging Act 2010, which applies to all educational institutions, coaching institutes, boarding hostels and orphanages across UP,\" he said. Ragging, under the Act qualifies as any act of injustice, harassment, scolding, demoralisation or exploitation in any manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14165959", "title": "Mysore-Kushalnagar railway phase 1 survey completed", "text": "MADIKERI: Since decades the Mysore railway line project has been a nightmare irrespective of assurances from previous MPs.The project was proposed during the NDA rule and later MP Dhanajaykumar too continued with his promises to build a railway line from Mysore to Kushalnagar. There was a hue and cry over building the railway line upto Madikeri.Environmentalists and politicians had opposed the project alleging that the railway line will damage Malnad's flora and fauna.Efforts were made to provide rail links to Kodagu during the tenure of the former chief minister R Gundu Rao, who hailed from Kushalnagar.According to Mysore railway officer Keshav, the railway line's first stage survey has already been completed. The line starts from Mysore via Belagola, Ilavala, Hunsur Periayaptna and Bylakuppe towns of Mysore district extending up to Kushalnagar in Kodagu. For the first stage of work, the proposal will be sent to the Central railway ministry and work will commence if the grant is released for the project in the next railway budget, Keshav explained.According to railways minister K H Muniyappa, a railway link to Kodagu would help the coffee growers as well as traders in the district. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda had agreed in principle to release financial grants for this project, Muniyappa added.\"The previous surveys could have gone in vain, but the current one will not,\" said Muniyappa. \"Kodagu district is bursting with tourism potential. Therefore, a rail link was a necessity for the district,\" he said. The project is expected to cost Rs 600 crore, Muniyappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14168797", "title": "Banaras Hindu University might collaborate with Saint Paul University, Canada", "text": "VARANASI: A delegation from Saint Paul University, Ottawa , Canada called on the vice chancellor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) Lalji Singh on Friday to explore the possibility of collaboration with BHU particularly with Department of Philosophy.According to BHU spokespersons, the delegation included Prof Richard Feist and Prof Rajesh C Shukla from Faculty of Philosophy Saint Paul University, Canada. They had also delivered talks at the department of Philosophy on the topic of religion and philosophy on Thursday.Prof Richard Feist said that they were looking forward for mutual exchange programme with BHU, which would be rewarding for both. Canadian Universities particularly, Saint Paul University is proposing inter-disciplinary studies and interaction particularly involving religion and philosophy.Lalji Singh said that the BHU was celebrating 150th birth anniversary of the founder Pt Madan Mohan Malaviyaji. During this period the university has planned many centres of interdisciplinary research particularly on philosophy of important person.\"We will examine the proposal and look forward for long term agreement between two universities,\" said the V-C. Prof DM Tewari, head of Philosophy department pointed out that the department of Philosophy already had MoU with University of Gotheberg, Gothenburg, Sweden in the field of Philosophy and Religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159458", "title": "Battle plan ready to fight malaria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 14-point action plan was drawn to curb malaria incidents in the city by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Friday. A three-member team from the National Vector-Borne Disease Control Program (NVBDCP) led by Dr G S Sonal had advocated the immediate implementation of measures to control the spread of mosquitoes in the city.Last week the team had visited eight wards in the city and ran a random survey in 500 houses to check the presence of mosquitoes - this was an intra-domestic survey. The team found mosquitoes breeding in at least 13 houses. The team then collected 812 water samples. It was seen that the mosquito incidence index was between 1 and 5 for these samples, while the recurrence of larvae between 0 and 5.\"The NVBDCP has emphasized on providing immediate treatment to those detected with malaria parasite,\" says a senior AMC health official. \"AMC has already distributed close to one lakh rapid diagnostic test kits that can be given to dedicated health workers who will visit various wards in the city and administer drugs and identify cases. We have recruited 281 new personnel.\"The official added, \"We now have a dedicated team of officers in the epidemic cell whose work would be to monitor 200 hospitals in the city and ensure that details of all patients with suspected malaria symptoms are uploaded on our new information-gathering system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177001", "title": "Kim Kardashian's interview leveled me: Oprah Winfrey", "text": "Oprah Winfrey has revealed that Kim Kardashian's answer to her question about her 72-day marriage to Kris Humphries has leveled her.The talk show host wanted to know if the 31-year-old socialite's marriage to the NBA star was a publicity stunt.\"This interview I'd say was another level of forthrightness and honesty,\" People magazine quoted Winfrey as writing on her Facebook page.\"Why did she leave after 72 days? Her answer leveled me.\"To prepare for her interview with the reality TV clan for her talk show, she \"did a full on Kardashian Kram.\"\"I had never met them, nor seen the show,\" she wrote.Winfrey also spoke about her interview with the entire Kardashian family.Winfrey called it the \"longest interviewing session I can ever recall, talking to ALLLLLLLL the Kardashians.\"\"I genuinely wanted to know why they have become a cultural phenomenon? Why do so many people love to watch their every move and why do so many others love to hate them.\"Are they completely ego centered? Are they really 'famous for being famous' or is there something more?\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164306", "title": "Consider German tech at Brahmapuram, says HC", "text": "KOCHI: State government's opposition to German technology for the new solid waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram was overruled by the Kerala high court on Friday.The court ruled that the company that proposed such technology should also be considered for the project.Division bench comprising justice C N Ramachandran Nair and justice P S Gopinathan asked the government to include Bayern Mercantile Pvt Ltd, the company that proposed the German technology, in the bidding process after the company had complained to the court that it was ousted from the bidding process.The company, which is based at SRM Road, had proposed to set up a waste treatment plant in 10 acres of land in Brahmapuram under public-private partnership using technology currently employed in Germany. Using the 'cold mineralization' technology, 500 tonnes of solid waste can be processed per day by collecting whole, unsegregated solid waste and converting it into powder using additives. This powder can be used to make tiles, partition boards and floor tiles, the company had claimed in the proposal submitted to Suchitwa Mission.The court asked the government to consider the company also after it complained that the tender floated by the government specifies old technology and avoided the technology used by the company, which resulted in denying a chance for them to bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "14168962", "title": "Mysterious flood in river cuts off 13 villages", "text": "MANALI: Besides the eight Israeli nationals who are stranded in Pin valley of Lahaul-Spiti district of Himachal since June 5, the rising level of water in Kiri river has also put 2,500 residents of thirteen villages in trouble.Stranded in their own treacherous valley, villagers had been seeking help for over a week as their ration and other commodities have almost depleted. Power supply and telephone connectivity to the valley has snapped and some confused and helpless villagers have already made failed attempts to cross the flooded stream, putting their lives in danger.About 2 km stretch of the connecting road has disappeared and all retaining walls across the stream have completely collapsed. Residents of Mud, Guling, Sagnam, Khar and other affected villages are requesting government to drop ration, LPG, kerosene and other facilities by air.\"We have ration stock for some more days, but most of people have finished their available LPG and kerosene oil,\" said Tenzin Gyatso, a resident of Mud village, over phone. Residents are surprised to see non-stop flow of water and debris which they claim had never been witnessed for decades. \"It is surprising how black water mixed with black debris had been oozing out of mountains without rain for last 11 days. It is impossible for glaciers to melt so fast,\" he added.150 people who were working close to the stream, which was already in spate, had a narrow escape on Thursday when water level increased suddenly and washed away huge chunks of land. The flooded stream witnessed a sudden rise in level again on Friday. As the government failed to airlift tourists, a team of local administration, police and rescue volunteers who visited the spot could not find the exact source of flood water. Now the administration has planned to drop ration and medicines to villages on Saturday.\"The stream is again in flood and it looks impossible to cross it until the water level reduces and debris becomes hard enough to walk upon. We have planned to drop ration at affected areas on Saturday,\" said Kaza sub-divisional magistrate Hemis Negi.Lahaul-Spiti MLA Ram Lal Markandeya said he has asked general administration department to arrange for a helicopter to airlift the stranded tourists. \"We need to carry out a recce of the place and I've demanded a team of geological experts to check what is the reason behind unstoppable flow of water from the mountain top,\" he said.While other stranded tourists managed to walk over the jammed debris few days ago, 8 tourists who are staying at a guest house in Guling village are still waiting for relief from the other side. After flood washed away the temporary rescue ropeway erected over the stream, administration and police have been helplessly gazing at the other side of the stream.Meanwhile, after Himachal government failed to airlift the stranded tourists, agencies in Israel have been contacting people in Spiti seeking help to obtain permit to land their own helicopter. \"A health insurance company from Israel is planning to fly to Spiti with their helicopters. They are seeking my help in this regard and I have conveyed their message to the administration,\" said Tenzin Gyatso, a resident of Mud village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160077", "title": "50% of ministers yet to declare assets", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 50% of ministers in the state government have failed to comply by the code of conduct on the declaration of assets. Though every minister was expected to submit details of his/her assets and liabilities within two months in office, sources said only 21 ministers, including the CM, adhered to the norm.There are 30 cabinet minister (including Chavan) and 10 ministers of state. In Dec 2010, Chavan had issued a letter to all ministers, asking them to submit the details of their possessions to him within two months. The code of conduct for ministers in the state is similar to that meant for their counterparts at the Centre. According to the code, ministers are supposed to disclose to the chief minister the details of their \"assets and liabilities\" as well as their and their family members' \"business interests\". The CM has to submit his papers to the Prime Minister's Office.The defaulters include 12 cabinet ministers and seven MoS. Earlier this week, Chavan's office has issued another reminder to the defaulting ministers, asking them to declare assets. All ministers are also expected to update their status by August 31 for this financial year.Ministers who have submitted details include Ajit Pawar, Chhagan Bhujbal , Patangrao Kadam, Ramraje Nimbalkar, Rajendra Darda, Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, Shivajirao Moghe, Babanrao Panchpute, Madhukar Chavan, Suresh Shetty, Sanjay Deotale, Sunil Tatkare, Anil Deshmukh, Manohar Naik, Hasan Mushrif, Varsha Gaikwad, Faujiya Khan, DP Sawant, Rajendra Gavit and Laxman Dhobale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14160340", "title": "Suhag Eastern Command chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has cleared the appointment of Lt-General Dalbir Singh Suhag, on whom previous Army chief General V K Singh had imposed a discipline and vigilance (DV) promotion ban, as the new chief of the Eastern Army Command in Kolkata.This comes after the new Army chief Gen Bikram Singh on June 8 lifted the DV ban on Lt-Gen Suhag, the 3 Corps commander at Dimapur. Lt-Gen Suhag is tipped to be the next Army chief.Gen Bikram Singh lifted the DV ban on Lt-Gen Suhag after accepting his explanation to the showcause censure notice imposed on him by Gen V K Singh merely days before his retirement on May 31.Lt-Gen Suhag's name had been sent to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) in May as the proposed successor to the then Eastern Army commander Gen Bikram Singh but it had got derailed due to the ban.In his showcause notice, Gen V K Singh had charged Lt-Gen Suhag with 'abdicating responsibility' in handling a botched operation by an intelligence and surveillance unit under him in 'a most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner'.But as it came in the backdrop of Gen V K Singh's known aversion to the Bikram-Suhag line of succession; it was seen as a result of the feuds engulfing the Army.Even the defence ministry had wanted to ascertain whether Gen V K Singh's action involved 'any bias or vindictiveness' since Lt-Gen Suhag was not given any chance to respond to the showcause notice before being placed in the DV ban category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14169705", "title": "Vaidialigam for Delhi, Manjula is new DRM", "text": "TRICHY: After an eventful two years as divisional railway manager of Tiruchirappalli division, P V Vaidialingam, has been promoted as executive director of Railway Board in Delhi. Manjula Rangarajan who is currently financial officer and chief accounts officer, construction-I, will step into Vaidialingam's shoes on Monday.Though it is customary to heap praises on a manager when he is promoted, Vaidialingam, who took over on July 15, 2010, differed from other DRMs in more ways than one, said additional divisional railway manager Abdul Rahman . According to him, many important achievements were noted during his tenure: doubling of 48-km track between Trichy and Thanjavur, doubling between Valadi and Kallakudi Palanganatham on the Trichy-Vrdachalam-Villupuram section that is 90% completed, and the conversion of weekly to daily of Chennai Egmore-Tiruchendur Express.Thanking his 20-odd personal staff in the division who were given monetary incentives on Friday, Vaidialingam himself said he gave life to some of the \"dormant\" plans that had been kept in cold storage for more than five years. For instance, the long-delayed Vellore-Villupuram gauge conversion was revived after he took over, and the 12-km Velankanni-Nagapattinam new line was commissioned during his period. The 35km Mayavaram-Tiruvarur gauge conversion was taken up by him, and a new line between Nagore and Karaikkal was laid for 11 km. Furthermore, the division bagged the southern railway general manager's Inter Division Overall Efficiency Shield after a gap of 12 years in April this year.D K Yadav, senior divisional signal and telecom engineer, said signal failures were brought down to 670 in 2011-12 from 980 in 2010-11 as a result of which punctuality of trains was improved to a large extent. However, the single most important achievement of Vaidialingam would be the compulsory electronic crediting of salaries of 11,000-odd employees of the division. Prior to his tenure, employees were paid by cheques, leading to a lot of complications and delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14159465", "title": "Govt seeks ideas from Kalamto boost education sector", "text": "PATNA: The state government has turned to former President APJ Abdul Kalam for his valuable suggestions for further development of the education sector in the state. Chief minister Nitish Kumar has said that he would send a team to Kalam in near future for his suggestions.Kalam, who arrived on a two-day visit of the state on Thursday night, met Nitish over lunch at the CM's house on Friday, where other dignitaries of the state were also present. The former President took keen interest in education and research work in the state and also gave his precious suggestions for the establishment of a Science City in Patna.He also attended a function of Netaji Subash Institute of Technology (NSIT) at Bihta in Patna district on Friday. MM Singh, member-secretary, NSIT, said, \"We are highly delighted and excited to have Kalam's suggestions for a better educational infrastructure.\"While attending a programme, \"What can I give\", organized by the Gulzar Group of Institutes here, Kalam told the students, \"I am born with potential, ideas, confidence and wings. I was not born to crawl. Everyone should believe in his ability to achieve his goal.\"The students promised the former President that they would always make their parents happy. \"If parents are happy, the home is happy. Happy homes make a happy society,\" the visionary said. He even asked the young minds to dare stop their parents from taking corrupt ways of living. \"We all know the society is corrupted but we hardly dig into our own house to find out the guilt. But if the country has 60 million corrupt citizens, a few of them must belong to us,\" Kalam said.\"Listening to the former President was like a dream come true. Today, he taught us to overcome the challenges life throws at us and to fly with sheer determination. The session with him was a lifetime's experience,\" said Anjali Chaubey, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167504", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation finds another maternal termination of pregnancy centre running illegally", "text": "PUNE: The PMC's ongoing inspection drive on Friday found an abortion centre functioning without the mandatory licence (registration) in Hadapsar.\"The maternal termination of pregnancy centre (MTP) was operating illegally without a licence. We have intimated the district civil surgeon about it as the registration to MTP centre is given by the state government,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.As many as 62 abortion centres were inspected during the drive in the past 10 days, Pardeshi said.The city has 269 MTP centres and 422 sonography centres. From October 2011 till April this year, 4,125 abortions were performed on women within 12 weeks of their pregnancy, while 222 abortions were performed within 12 to 20 weeks of pregnancy. \"In majority of these cases, the reason for abortion was failed contraception. In other cases, abortion was attributed to grave injury to the physical or mental health of the woman. Abortions were also performed in cases where abnormalities were detected on the foetus,\" Pardeshi said.Among the 269 recognised MTP centres in Pune, 76 are allowed to carry out termination of pregnancies between 12 and 20 weeks, while the rest are allowed to terminate below-12-week pregnancies.As per the MTP Act 1971, abortion can be done within 12 weeks of pregnancy if there is a risk to the life of the pregnant woman or a risk to the child who may suffer serious abnormalities. Pregnancy as a result of rape can also be terminated. Contraception failure is another ground to terminate pregnancy.Beyond 12 weeks, however, abortion can be done only on the written advice of at least two registered medical practitioners. Also, this can be done only up to the end of the 20th week. \"There is a district MTP monitoring committee headed by a civil surgeon. Any action pertaining to de-recognising an MTP centre is taken by this committee,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167027", "title": "Delay in branch allotment giving IIT crackers anxious moments", "text": "BHOPAL: Students who have cracked the joint entrance for Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) are going through anxious moments over the delay in declaration of allotment of branches following the online counselling. The official website that was supposed to put up the allotments on June 14 has not yet announced it.The wait started from Thursday morning when the official website http://www.jee.iitb.ac.in/ mentioned that the results would be declared at 11 am. The declaration of the list has been has been postponed several times thereafter. \"Uncertainty prevails\", says Shubham Chandak, MP topper who holds all India 15th rank. \"I had been trying to get information about the branch allotted to me for the last two days but there seems to be some problem that I have not been able to figure out.\"\"IIT is a tough and prestigious exams. Despite efforts the website does not mention anything about course allotment,\" said another student Aman Verma. He said there was no clarification from IIT also regarding the issue. \"The situation was same the entire day as they postponed the results almost four times. On June 15, the website mentioned a message -delay in course allotment results-,\" Dr Manoj Verma, father of Aman said.\"IIT has its specific schedule which they follow strictly. I do not know what happened this year. I am expecting them to rectify the problem as early as possible so that we are aware of our branches,\" a student Priyanka Shresta said. \"Its frustrating\", she rued. Another student said authorities can inform through their website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14159690", "title": "US President turns to economist Manmohan", "text": "WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may have had a shaky moment or two in office over the past week, but US President Barack Obama has no doubts about his partnership with him.Buffeted by a continuing economic crisis and facing a possibly catastrophic Eurozone meltdown, Obama phoned India's economist prime minister \u2014 briefly shaken up by the Presidential developments at home \u2014 on Thursday night to confer on various international crises.A White House readout listed the steps they agreed on to \"strengthen the resilience of the global economy in response to persistent risks in the Eurozone and elsewhere\" as the first item of their discussion. They also focused on measures to boost global growth and discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest, it said.The two leaders are scheduled to meet at the G20 Summit in Los Cabos, Mexico next week, but such is the nature and frequency of their exchanges that they conferred before that, with the White House saying they agreed to work closely together toward a successful summit.Fears of a Eurozone meltdown are sweeping across both sides of the Atlantic ahead of the Greek elections on Sunday with a possible ripple effect across the world. The prophets of doom are already writing off the Union, a development that will almost certainly singe US, China, India and all major economies of the world.The US is also winding down rapidly from Afghanistan ahead of its November presidential election, virtually outsourcing to India considerable responsibility for stabilizing the situation through economic and developmental intervention.US officials refute suggestions that Washington is leaving India holding the can, saying US footprint would remain in Kabul long after 2014, but Afghanistan has become a hot button topic between the two sides, consecrated in the announcement for a trilateral dialogue that excludes Pakistan.Robert Blake , the US assistant secretary of state for the region who reviewed the strategic dialogue with the media on Thursday denied that trilateral dialogue between US, India and Afghanistan was in anyway directed against Pakistan. In fact, Islamabad had been notified about the trilaterals, the details of which are still being worked out, he added.But it is evident that the Obama administration is preparing to work without, or around Pakistan, following the Salala apology fiasco, with India playing some role in the US drawdown and future stabilization.In fact, such is the bad blood between Washington and Islamabad now that the US is willing to spend $100 million a month more to move supplies in and out through the so-called Northern Distribution Network (NDN), but not apologize to Pakistan, whose route would cost much less.On Thursday, a prominent US Senator, Dianne Feinstein , suggested the administration could repair ties with Pakistan with a token apology but there was no sign that Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who threw up the $100 million per month NDN cost, was willing to go down that route. Instead, the Pentagon is looking at dispersing its Afghan armaments in countries across Central Asia countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14170131", "title": "BJP blames low turnout for defeat", "text": "RANCHI: Thin support of voters to the wining candidate Navin Jaiswal of the All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) party in the Hatia assembly byelection is a matter of rejoice for the BJP which now blames it on low turnout of voters for its debacle.Hatia constituency witnessed a low turn out of 38% of the total electorate of 4,02,181. Despite winning the seat, Jaiswal managed to bag 41,566 voters which is 10% of the electorate.These figures gave a chance to the BJP leaders to shrug off their responsibility for poor performance. State president Dineshanand Goswami said the party respected people's mandate and has no complaints against the hard work of its workers.\"It was because of low turn out of urban voters that the party failed to perform as per expectation,\" he said. Though ready for a detailed analysis about the reasons for defeat, Goswami said since the Ajsu is a coalition partner of the BJP the party found it difficult to pick up issues opposed to the Ajsu during the campaign.With this defeat, the BJP's popularity graph is hitting the rock bottom. Recently it suffered a shocking defeat in the election to the Upper House in which the party failed to secure a seat of its own quota despite fielding outgoing candidate S S Ahluwalia.During the Rajya Sabha election when the JMM sought the backing of the Ajsu for its candidate Sanjeev Kumar , it was understood that the BJP was eyeing Hatia assembly seat and willingly played safe to keep the alliance partners happy.But during the Hatia byelection, the JMM indirectly supported the Ajsu party by not fielding a candidate but did not support the BJP candidate either.Prior to the Rajya Sabha election, the BJP did not participate in the Mandu byelection to support the JMM candidate Jaiprakash Bhai Patel who won the seat.However, it was bitter experience for the party in the Lok Sabha byelection for the Jamshedpur seat which was vacated by none other than chief minister Arjun Munda. The party lost the seat to Ajay Kumar of the JVM.The BJP had a neck-and-neck fight even in Kharsawan election in which Munda managed to win by a thin margin of around 17,000 votes against JVM candidate Krishna Gagrai.BJP insiders believe that something has gone wrong with the party leadership in the state and it could face further hardships in the next assembly election if corrective measures are not taken immediately.\"The party needs to work more on the ground level instead of just being bothered about running the government,\" said an office-bearer of the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163051", "title": "Trinamool Congress wins assembly bypolls", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress on Friday retained both Bankura and Daspur assembly seats, but saw its victory margin dip since the 2011 elections. The party attributed low voters' turnout as the reason behind the drop in margin.Trinamool all-India general secretary Mukul Roy said that percentage of votes cast in by-elections are normally lower than the full-fledged elections. He said in the Bankura by-election, 67% voting was registered as against 87% in 2011 assembly polls. In Daspur, the figure stood at 73% as against 81% during the assembly elections. \"Our party has won the Bankura by-election by bagging 49.42% votes compared to 54% votes in the last year's assembly elections. The result is good considering a 20% drop in the voting percentage this time,\" Roy said.In Daspur, CPM's candidate Samar Mukherjee, who lost by 18,919 votes, on the face of it saw a dip of only 0.46% votes against his rival Mamata Bhunia, who got 2.66% less votes compared to the assembly polls. Mukherjee claimed that the CPM has won an additional 6,656 votes if compared to the 2011 results, which saw the Trinamool candidate winning by 24,927 votes. While Bhunia bagged 94,860 votes, Mukherjee got 75,941. The interpretations had little bearing on Bhunia and her supporters, who promised to work hard to complete her late husband's unfinished work.In Bankura, Trinamool candidate Minati Mishra won the seat by a margin of 15,139 votes defeating her nearest CPM rival Nilanjan Dasgupta. Minati's late husband and veteran legislator Kashinath Mishra had won by 29,090 votes. On vote share, for CPM it meant a loss of 2.2% compared to the assembly polls, while TMC has witnessed a drop of 4.4% votes. Minati, who celebrated her victory by taking out a rally, said she dedicated the victory to two persons - chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her late husband Kashinath Mishra. \"The chief minister has got me out of home and associating her with her husband's lifelong dream and her late husband Kashinath Mishra.State parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"After municipality polls, people have again reposed their faith in Mamata Banerjee and Trinamool Congress. We congratulate the people of Daspur and Bankura.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14168130", "title": "Slew of suspensions 'compel' government to slow down on probes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government decision not to probe the sugar mill deals and alleged misuse of funds on renovation of former chief minister Mayawati's bungalow has shocked those who were expecting a crack down on corrupt officials who ruled the roost during the previous government. But SP insiders say the government decision is more a result of a peculiar administrative compulsion rather than any political limitation.With over 250 government officials and employees suspended in past one month for corruption during the BSP regime, the cleansing drive launched by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has instilled a sense of insecurity among the public servants and has started affecting the functioning of the government.The statement of minister of state for zoological gardens Shiv Pratap Yadav in the assembly this week corroborates this belief to some extent. Replying to a question from BSP MLC Mahesh Arya on the delay in opening of the Central Park in Noida, Shiv Pratap said: \"Officials of the Nirman Nigam who were assigned the task of getting this work done are \"absconding\" ever since alleged irregularities have been detected.\"The pending work will be completed once these officials are traced, the minister said. When BJP member Hridya Narain Dixit asked the minister to disclose the number of absconding officials, revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary said: \"The information could be not be provided because an inquiry is on.\"Sources in the government say similar situation prevails in some other departments, particularly the ones which were involved in execution of some key projects during the BSP regime. With the CBI already probing the Rs 5,000 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, some more suspensions are surely in the pipeline. The CBI recently lodged an FIR against 80 doctors of the family welfare department, who too may face suspension once a chargesheet is filed in the case.This apart, a flurry of FIRs lodged by contractors and suppliers in connection with dues related to supply of construction material for the memorials and parks in Lucknow too has contributed in prompting the government to go slow on fresh probes into alleged financial irregularities during the BSP regime as every new inquiry is likely to lead to more suspensions and departmental probes, adding to the already palpable uneasiness among officials.\"Actually every government project involves a number of departments. Once an inquiry is ordered into a particular work, every individual who was associated with the project fears the inquiry may indict him as well,\" said a senior IAS officer. He added that this is why many senior bureaucrats are unwilling to take up posts which involve heavy funds.SP insiders, however, say the government decision not to order probe the sale of sugar mills or misappropriation of funds released for renovation of Mayawati's house is not final. The option to order probe in either or both the issues will remain open for the government, said a senior SP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180946", "title": "Madonna's 'crazy demands' on tour revealed", "text": "Madonna , who has been badgering staff with a long list of crazy requests during her sell-out MDNA gigs, has now demanded 20 international phone lines so she can keep in touch with her kids.The 53-year-old singer has been globetrotting for her tour with a 200-strong entourage including 30 bodyguards, personal chefs, a yoga instructor and even an acupuncturist.Besides this, the 'Queen Of Pop' is so obsessed with keeping her pricey tour wardrobe in good nick that she also has a portable dry cleaner, the Daily Star reported.The crooner is reportedly keen for everything to be just like it is at home, which is why even her dressing room has also been trimmed in a special fabric.She also wanted it to be decked with lilies and roses, with their stems trimmed to exactly six inches.The singer's people, who fear a diva-like tantrum from the pop star, have also removed the furniture from the rooms and filled them with the singer's own gear.\"Madonna has probably the longest list of requirements of any of the world's music stars. She expects things to be just right or it puts her off her stage show,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14161883", "title": "A new-year welcome for Nashik Municipal Corporation school students", "text": "NASHIK: Students at Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) schools received a warm welcome on June 15, the first day of the new academic year.The first day was made memorable for students who witnessed plays, rallies, cultural programmes, and the distribution of textbooks and sweets. Education officer Nitin Upasani and municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare visited some of the schools early in the morning.\"We visited schools in Pathardi, Ambad, Chunchale, Anandvalli, Ganesh Chowk, Kabirnagar, Makhmalabad Naka and Panchak. Besides being part of the ceremonial welcome, our intention was also to check on discipline. For the next few days we will also be attending the prayer sessions at some of the schools and will observe if the teachers are punctual for their respective classes,\" said Upasani.The education officer also visitedschools two days prior to their reopening, to check if they had been cleaned and were ready for the new year.Textbooks for all subjects were distributed to students from class I to class VIII.While Khandare distributed bags and books to students, Upasani visited other schools in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158771", "title": "Thinking out of the box", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has floated a one-of-a-kind idea, where he has asked state education officials to print next year's textbooks for primary schools in English as well as Konkani/Marathi. The English and Konkani/Marathi textbooks of a subject will be bound together as one book.Parrikar has asked officials of the State Council for Educational Research and Training ( SCERT) to place orders to print textbooks for next academic year 2013-14 accordingly, after putting up a proposal as per the chief minister's suggestion for the state's approval.\"Having a subject textbook in English as well as Konkani together will help teachers and students of the 127 schools that have changed the medium of instruction to make a smooth transition,\" Parrikar told TOI.Over 66,000 textbooks are printed by the state government for primary school students every year at a cost of 99 lakh for free distribution from Classes I to IV. Another 72,000 textbooks are printed at the cost of 1.80 crore for students from Classes V to VIII.The cost of 99 lakh for free textbook to primary students is set to double when chief minister's proposal for dual language textbooks is implemented next year. Parrikar, however, said, \"Cost is not an issue. It isn't too much.\"The state is in the process of finalizing details of the printing order for next year's textbooks under the new proposal, for instance whether the books will be in English and mother tongue from Class I to IV or V too as it is likely to be clubbed with the primary section from the next academic year as per requirements of the Right to Education Act, 2009.Thousands of English textbooks printed by the same publisher, who prints the books for the state, are available in the market for sale each year, and state officials are also discussing the feasibility of distributing free textbooks in dual languages in the light of this fact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159578", "title": "Serial cop-baiter held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A resident of Satellite was caught by Vastrapur police for an altercation with traffic police officials on Drive-In Road. Parikshit Mehta, a resident of Shyamal, was nabbed by Kalupur police for the same offence ten days ago.According to police, Mehta's car was parked wrongly on the main road and traffic branch constable Dolatsinh fined him for the offence. Mehta entered into an altercation and demanded to see his identity card. After seeing the card, he said that he was not satisfied and would not pay the fine. The constable then decided to report the incident to city police and called on Vastrapur police on the spot.\"Mehta has been charged for assaulting a traffic constable and a Home Guards jawan near Kalupur market when he was going with a relative on a bike without a helmet,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158270", "title": "Godman claiming magical powers molests teen", "text": "NAGPUR: A teenage girl faced a four hour ordeal, under the influence of a sedative-laced betel nut, inside a closed door where a Baba savaged her in the name of curing a strange illness. Accused Sharafat Khan, 60, managing to convince the girl's father that she was 'possessed', took her inside the room to perform the black magic at the victim's tenants' place in Hasanbagh in early hours of Thursday.Salma (name changed) had cleared her SSC with a decent score. But, her happiness was spoiled by the self-styled godman. The matter came to fore after a hapless Salma's cries alerted the tenant and her mother who rescued the girl from the godman, a native of Madhya Pradesh. Nandanvan police sources said Khan was brought to cure Salma by her father in connivance with a woman who stayed as a tenant. Khan took Salma to her tenant's place to initiate the so-called curing process.Salma in her statement has claimed the godman had urged her to undress in order to start the process shortly after the midnight. She was reluctant in the beginning. Khan offered her a 'supari'. She started feeling giddy and her resistance fell apart when she started chewing the betel nut. The girl's cries were heard from time to time. It was around 4.30am when Salma's mother and her tenant barged into the room where the girl was with Khan.Khan started offering lame excuses to Salma's mother and the tenant that the girl had been reacting to the mere 'treatment' which is forcing the bad spirits to leave her body. Later, Khan started demanding Rs 5,000 from Salma's family promising them help to get wealth worth around Rs 50 lakh. When the family declined, Khan left the threatening dire consequences.The matter took a twist when Salma's elder sister learnt of the incident. Her brothers-in-law laid a trap for Khan offering to paying him. Khan fell for it and revealed his location at Kamptee. Salma's brothers-in-law dragged Khan to Nandanvan police station where the godman was charged with molestation and issuing threats. Khan also started threatening others at the police station too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14158669", "title": "Hockey India cash awards for stalwarts", "text": "BANGALORE: Hockey India will do a BCCI, in a much smaller scale though, when it honours 34 gold-winning Olympians in New Delhi on June 24.Balbir Singh (Sr) and Leslie Claudius, who were part of the Indian teams which won gold medals at three successive Olympics from 1948, head the list of veterans who would be honoured with cash awards of Rs 2 lakh apiece.At 87, Balbir Singh Sr. is the oldest of the Indian Olympic gold medallists. Keshav Dutt, G Nandy Singh, Jaswant Singh, Raghbir Lal and Col Haripal Kaushik have been part of two gold medal winning teams. \"It is our way of recalling the contribution of these legends to our sport and to the country,\" Hockey India secretary-general Narinder Batra said.\"The London Games hockey competition will be the first Olympics after the Formation of Hockey India and we want to avail the opportunity to celebrate their gold medal winning feats,\" he said.The Indian team, currently training in Pune, will reach Delhi on June 23 and HI has planned to club its send-off with the felicitation function. \"I am sure the presence of legends will boost the Indian team that will leave for France and Spain to prepare for the Games. The sight of the gold medals can be most inspirational,\" Batra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "14178226", "title": "MS Dhoni in Nepal to promote cricket", "text": "KATHMANDU: After paying a visit to soldiers in Jammu and Kashmir , Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Saturday arrived in Kathmandu on a two-day visit to interact with Nepalese cricketers and meet fans.\"Youth should come forward for sports besides studies as it helps earn goodwill for the country,\" Dhoni said while talking to reporters at the Tribhuvan International Airport upon his arrival.He said that he would be happy to promote cricket which is a popular sport in the sub-continent.\"Cricket is an upcoming sport in Nepal and I want to see Nepali youth forming a famous cricket team in future\", he said.Dhoni will spend few hours at the Kirtipur Cricket Stadium situated in the premises of Tribhuvan University on the outskirts of Kathmandu, where he will interact and share views with Nepalese players.He will also deliver a lecture at a hotel in Kathmandu and meet his Nepali fans. Dhoni will pay a visit to revered Hindu temple of Pashupatinath on Sunday morning before flying out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164557", "title": "Baalu wants Sonia to be Lok Sabha leader", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK leader T R Baalu urged Sonia Gandhi to take up the mantle of leader of the House in LS, reviving concerns in the Congress on who would perform the key role after Pranab Mukherjee's elevation to Rashtrapati Bhavan. At the UPA gathering on Friday, Baalu sprang a surprise demanding Mukherjee's name be announced quickly to dispel uncertainty. He added, \"We want Madam (Sonia) to be te leader of the House (LS).\" The comment elicited no response from UPA and the Congress supremo, with sources saying nobody uttered a word. Baalu's comment underscored worries in the ruling party about its not-so-healthy stable in terms of seniority and competence.The party's reluctance to give in to Mukherjee's wish for Presidential sinecure was attributed to his indispensability for the party. He is FM, leader of LS and troubleshooter rolled into one. The responsibility as LS leader is viewed as his most crucial role.Observers said the job requires political heft that comes with seniority, as also the ability to reach out across the political divide during turbulent House proceedings.While Sonia has the attributes because of the backing of allies, there is little clarity on whom the Congress would pick for the position.Senior MPs Sisram Ola, deputy leader in LS, and Manikrao Gavit (9th term) are out of reckoning. P Chidambaram is set to emerge as a heavyweight in the post-Mukherjee scenario. Though the Opposition's hostility to him is seen as a handicap, his stature is set to increase within Congress and government. Insiders see him managing GoMs. Power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, and urban development minister Kamal Nath, enjoy the trust of the leadership. Jaipal Reddy is a strong candidate for the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163376", "title": "Plea against Mahindra-Satyam merger", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Ramesh Ranganathan of the AP high court adjourned to Wednesday a petition opposing the Mahindra-Satyam merger. IL&FS; and some members of Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju's family filed independent petitions opposing the merger on the ground that the move was contrary to law and that their interests were not protected. The petitioners contended that they were among the 37 creditors, but were not recognised as such while formulating the scheme for merger.They further stated that neither were they given notices of the merger moves nor was a mandatory meeting of creditors called for as prescribed by the Companies Act. The scheme made no provision for the payment of amounts due to them as recognised creditors of Satyam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170291", "title": "UGC raises scholarship by Rs 3000", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The research scholars of Allahabad University, or for that matter their counterparts from any of the Central Universities of the country, who are not getting any other fellowships would soon be getting an enhanced amount of monthly scholarship from University Grants Commission (UGC). The monthly scholarship, which was of Rs 5000 per month has been enhanced to Rs 8000.Giving the information, the General Secretary of Indian Research Scholar Association (IRSA) Pramod Pandey said that in the UGC, in its 485th meeting held on 22nd May, has approved the issue of raised fellowship. \"The agenda at the meeting was to consider enhancement of fellowship to full time MPhil/PhD scholars in Central Universities who are not in receipt of any other fellowship, the Commission approved the enhancement of fellowship as under to full time MPhil/PhD scholars in Central Universities, who are not NET qualified and are not receiving fellowship grant under any other scheme\", said Pandey.Pointedly, UGC, in its endeavour to enhance the research work at universities of the country, had earlier declared that all those research scholars of different institutions who are not getting fellowship under Junior Research Fellows (JRF) and Senior Research Fellow (SRF) or for that sake funding from any other agency, would be given a monthly fellowship of Rs 5000 which would be payable for a period of Four years. Later, a circular from UGC made some amendments after which the monthly fellowship of Rs 5000 was to be paid only for three years and extendable for one more year, but in few cases.This enhanced amount of monthly fellowship has been raised to Rs 8000 from the earlier amount of Rs 5000. Likewise, the fellowship for full time MPhil scholars have also been raised to Rs 5000 from the earlier amount of Rs 3000.Pointedly, IRSA had send a demand letter signed by research scholars of BHU and AU to MHRD including fellowship enhancement, contingency enhancement, risk allowance, recruitment and centre for CSIR test in Allahabad on April 5.However, the enhanced amount of monthly fellowship will be dispersed only after AU authorities receiving the formal notification from UGC in the same regard, opines an official of account department of AU.= =EoM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14158918", "title": "SDM inquires into Michael's suicide bid", "text": "MAPUSA: The Bardez sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Sabaji Shetye visited the Mapusa judicial lock up on Friday after the notorious criminal Michael Fernandes allegedly attempted to commit suicide by consuming medical pills.The SDM also inquired with jail inmates who were with Fernandes.\"They were reluctant to talk as they might be fearing Michael,\" SDM Shetye said.After the visit, Shetye directed the police to conduct a detailed inquiry and submit the report. The notorious criminal was found unconscious in the prison after he allegedly consumed medical pills on Wednesday morning. He is currently undergoing medical treatment at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim.Shetye told TOI that there were 13 prisoners in the cell where Fernandes was lodged. The prisoner was under medication and was taking tablets daily.\"The prescribed tablets were being provided to him in the prescribed quantity by the jail guards,\" Shetye said.He also informed that there were other inmates who were also provided with medicines. \"Probably some inmates may not have consumed pills that they were provided and Michael must have consumed them. All will be clear after the medical report, which is awaited,\" said Shetye.Shetye said that it will be clear whether Fernandes was pretending or was actually sick only after the medical reports are out. \"We are investigating the genuineness of the incident,\" Shetye said.\"Michael is known for escaping custody. We have asked for medical details and security at the hospital has been beefed up,\" he added. Shetye said that Fernandes is currently in good health and the police will be recording statements shortly. Police were also in the process of taking statements of the inmates who were in Fernandes' cell.Fernandes was arrested on January 28, 2012, in a theft case at Porvorim. He was subsequently interrogated by other police stations in Ponda , Porvorim, Old Goa in various cases. He was even taken by the Maharashtra and Karnataka police into custody and was brought back.Fernandes is wanted in more than a dozen cases. Sources informed TOI that Fernandes was fed up with attending court proceedings almost every day.On the night of the incident, sources said that Fernandes had also damaged items kept in his cell and shouted out loudly after the power went off.Police said that Fernandes had also threatened of committing suicide on earlier occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158654", "title": "Economic offences wing gets court go-ahead to probe SpeakAsia \u2018scam\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday allowed the economic offences wing (EOW) to continue with its probe into the alleged cheating case involving multi-level marketing firm, SpeakAsia. Some of the investors, known as panelists, had filed a petition in the HC saying it was a civil dispute and not a criminal case.After the alleged fraud was reported, some members of the All-India SpeakAsia Panelists' Association paid Rs 6.06 lakh to the complainant, Navneet Khosla, and said the case could not be tried on his complaint as he was paid the amount he had invested in the firm.However, the police also filed its reply and the HC asked the investigators to take guidelines from the Supreme Court on the issue. Later, the SC gave the go-ahead to the police to probe the criminal case against the firm's directors and panelists. \"We have started our investigation again,\" said Rajvardhan Sinha, additional commissioner of police, EOW.Khosla had said he invested Rs 6.06 lakh but did not get his money back. The EOW began a probe and arrested 10 people, including several office-bearers of the firm. Khosla had told this newspaper that he had not withdrawn his complaint.Khosla is the only person who has got his money back. Police records show that more than 20 lakh investors had invested money in the firm's survey schemes. The company, said the police, duped investors to the tune of Rs 2,276 crore. SpeakAsia had promised to pay Rs 52,000 as returns on successful completion of surveys in a year. The fee (or investment) for this was Rs 11,000.\"We have found that the company tried selling its product under the banner of 'Yug' in Goa in 2010. Our probe found out that home appliances such as washing machines, refrigerators, televisions and other items did not belong to Yug but to other companies. Some panelists had pasted the Yug sticker on the companies' brand names, which is again cheating,\" said Sinha.The firm also deposited $10 million in a Singapore bank on the pretext of returning money to its investors.\"If they are interested in returning the money, it's a good move. However, why only this much? They should return the entire Rs 2,276 crore, which is in our records. Why do they want to pay only a few hundred people, while there are more thann24 lakh investors across the country?\" a police officer asked. The rented office of SpeakAsia in Andheri has been shut down and the police have seized two hard disks from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164008", "title": "Rape victims needn't recall the exact date of abuse: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday ruled that rape victims, abused at several locations on multiple dates, need not necessarily recall the exact dates on which they had been violated.\"Not being able to mention the exact date of abuse is insignificant,'' justice N K Balakrishnan ruled.The court made the observation while refusing anticipatory bail to Mohammed Haneefa alias 'Chimmini' Haneefa, a local Congress leader from Bekal in Kasaragod, who is an accused in the Varappuzha sex abuse case.Accepting the argument of senior government pleader C Rasheed, the judge observed, \"Since the offence of rape continued for several months and as it took place at different places and at different times, the victim girl may not be in a position to state the exact dates and times of the incidents. Therefore, the non-mentioning of the date on which she was raped by this petitioner also is not of much consequence.\"The court's observation came after petitioner's counsel contented that the girl failed to recall the exact date on which Haneefa had allegedly raped her. The court also criticized the investigating officer for not arresting Haneefa in spite of the fact that his bail pleas were repeatedly turned down. \"It is not known why the investigating officer has not taken care to arrest the accused so far, question him, and complete the investigation,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158721", "title": "Accused remanded to 7 days custody", "text": "PANAJI: The accused in the smuggling of the tiger skin has been remanded to seven days custody on Friday by the judicial magistrate first class ( JMFC).Confirming this, V Korgaonkar, range forest officer, Panaji , said, \"The accused was taken to the Mapusa court where he was remanded to seven days custody under the Wildlife Protection Act.Sources said Sanjay Pawar, the accused, had revealed during questioning that the skin had been in his house for a long time among his father's possessions. His father expired three years ago and Pawar - a native of Sawantwadi, Maharashtra- had been working in Goa for the last two years.The tiger skin seized from him has been sealed and will be sent for analysis to the wildlife institute of India ( WII ), Dehradun, within a week after completion of formalities.Based on a tip-off, Porvorim police has intercepted Pawar's car which was carrying the tiger skin to be sold on Thursday.Porvorim DySP Bossuet Silva had said, \"The skin of a full-grown tiger was found in the polythene bag which has been seized,\" while adding that it was not a fresh skin, but an old and cured one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160477", "title": "NRI road rage victim discharged from hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: NRI businessman Sanjeev Jaswal (35), who was hit with a baseball bat on his head in a road rage incident in BKC on June 6, was discharged on Friday.\"Sanjeev is not his usual self and wants to make his assailant pay for the assault,\" said his nephew Karan Khanna. Sanjeev (35) tried to stop the accused, Indrajit Sawant, from assaulting another motorist, Hrishi Gandhi, after their cars had collided.Sanjeev (35), who is a diamond trader in Miami, came to India on April 30 to attend his nephew's wedding. \"Sanjeev would visit India every 8 to 10 months to meet his wife, Anita, and daughter Simone. He was supposed to go back later this month once Simone's school started,\" said a relative.During his hospitalization, Sanjeev couldn't recognize his daughter or wife. Doctors have told the family that it will take him two to three months to recover completely. \"Sanjeev seems to be regaining his memory and is showing signs of recovery,\" a relative added.Sawant, who is the vice-president of an engineering firm, has been arrested on the charges of attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158963", "title": "Flip-flop NCP flays CM on medium of instruction issue", "text": "PANAJI: The state unit of the NCP has stated that chief minister Manohar Parrikar has put the cart before the horse on the medium of instruction (MOI) issue.\"Instead of waiting for the academic authority's report, he went ahead and allowed grants to English medium primary schools to continue,\" general secretary and spokesman Avinash Bhonsle said\"Before the elections, Parrikar claimed he was a supporter and protector of the mother tongue, but then he went and allowed grants to 127 English medium schools,\" he added.Bhosale said this too was fraught with suspense. \"How long will these grants continue? Why no grants to new English medium schools? Why discriminate? He has not addressed the issue, only postponed it,\" Bhonsle said.He said the NCP upholds the universal principle that the medium of instrution of pre-primary and primary education should be in the mother tongue or local language.But, the well being and the future of the child is in the hands of parents and as such NCP respects the decision of parents in choosing the MoI of their child, Bhonsle added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162728", "title": "Fire safety norms given a go-by", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the last five days, three major fire mishaps have been reported in the city damaging property worth crores of rupees. A Volvo bus caught fire on June 10, an entire floor in a hotel at Abids got gutted on June 12, while two days ago, 75 shops and four lorries went up in flames in a massive fire at Kukatpally exhibition.Not just in the last five days, the city has had a rash of as many as 359 accidents till May this year of which 187 occurred in that month alone. Going by the trend of increasing fire mishaps year after year, experts say that given the rising temperature, duplicate wiring, swelling air-conditioned office spaces and maintenance negligence, the fire mishaps will only increase in the days to come. \"Even the state government is spending crores of rupees on setting up the fire safety equipment but the maintenance part is zero,\" said Ravinder Kolishetty, a fire safety equipment supplier. Shetty is surprised as to how the contractor managed to hold the exhibition at such a big scale at Kukatpally without obtaining an NOC from the fire services department and giving a complete go-by to fire safety norms.And it's not just the government buildings like the Secretariat but even the recently constructed swank private establishments, including several 5-star hotels, hospitals and offices that are not fire proof. Just about 10% of the establishments are maintaining good standards in the twin cities. \"The authorities at the fire services department are taking money and issuing NOCs. They are not bothered whether the equipment is working or not,\" alleged Shetty.Officials say that lack of proper safety arrangements still remains a major concern. While lakhs of rupees are being pumped in for good display, when it comes to fire safety, there is minimal expenditure. \"Many feel that it can't happen to them. Hence, even basic building safety measures have not been incorporated. And when the mishap occurs, there is no possibility for firefighting from outside. Access to the structure is a fundamental requirement,\" says chief fire officer G V Narayana Rao. In most of the government as well as private offices even fans and computers are not switched off at the end of the day, which can prove dangerous, say officials.Last year the fire services department attended a considerable 1,224 fire calls from January to December of which 43 were serious mishaps. This year, things took a turn for the worse as the fire department was battling not just fire accidents but also an acute water shortage. \"We do keep our supplies in place but in summer shortages crop up leading to delays in attending to a fire call,\" an official said.Nevertheless, officials from the fire department maintained that they were attending to the mishaps to the best of their abilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14175817", "title": "String collaborates with Indian Ocean for a new single", "text": "Faisal Kapadia and Bilal Maqsood of Pakistani rock band 'Strings' gave a spectacular performance at a famous nightclub in Delhi on Friday night. Says Faisal Kapadia, lead vocalist of the band , \" Its after a year that we are here in India to perform before the Indian audience. For the past few years we have been visiting India never for once we felt that we were from Pakistan . Frankly, there is no difference we feel while performing here in India, I guess it is mainly because of the love, affection and warmth we get from here that makes us feel so much at home and forces us to come back to India again and again. I feel India very close to my heart as I still have many relatives staying here in India and keep visiting regularly.\" Bilal shares his feelings, \" I don't have many relatives staying here in India but my Indian friends are more like a family for me.\"Bilal who looked cool in his new short hairdo tells us, \" I always had long locks. Bahut ho gaya tha .. I needed a change hence went for a short haircut. Honestly speaking I'm not at all fashion conscious and just like to be simple.\" On the other hand, Faisal wore a bandana and used it as his latest style statement. He comments, \" As an artist our main focus is our song and how best we can entertain our audience through our voice and compositions. Looks does matter but both Bilal and me have never taken any extra effort to charm our audiences.\"The good news, Strings has collaborated with Indian Ocean for a new single number. \"We plan to release a song along with Indian Ocean band members. The song 'Humse Bada Nahi Dekha' is ready and we hope to release it by month of August. It's a single number and talks about the bonding of relationship between both the countries. It will be refreshing to listen to the song, as it will be a blend of musical fusion. The song has been composed and written by us,\" adds Bilal. Ask about Bollywood music and Bilal adds, \"We have been busy recording some songs for Bollywood projects. We also plan to come out with our new album soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14175768", "title": "Mine might be a f*** all play: Chandan Roy Sanyal", "text": "A shock awaited the audience who had gone to watch a recent show of actor Chandan Roy Sanyal's interpretation of \"Waiting For Godot\" in Kolkata.Once the play was over, Chandan of \" Kaminey\" fame walked up on stage, took a bow and then said that he was shocked with the behaviour of some members in the crowd. \"If you think that mine is a f*** all production, just walk out. But don't disrespect the actors by speaking on the phone or making an irritating sound by tearing open a packet of chips,\" he announced. While Chandan's language on stage did raise a few eyebrows since no actor had ever used such abusive language on stage while addressing his viewers, the larger question was whether the live show-attending audience in India is fast losing its sense of decorum.Says Chandan, \"I had great respect for the audience of Kolkata but was shocked with my experience. I apologized publicly for my language but people need to have respect for the actors. My play, \"Two Blind Mice\", might have been a bad production. Anyone who didn't like it could have walked out. But why disturb those who are watching? I had an altercation with a group of viewers who just wouldn't stop making a noise. And then, there are these incessant mobile phone calls that disturb the concentration completely. Theatre is not cinema where actors have shot the movie a year ago.\"Problem or Menace? Theatre personality Alyque Padamsee says he is shocked that such a thing has happened in Kolkata. \"I am shocked that a Kolkata audience would behave like this! I have always found Bengali audiences for my plays extremely well-behaved and very quiet. Excluding Kolkata, I found that the Indian audiences come to live performances, especially music concert, as if they are at a picnic. Children run up and down the aisle during the show. The behaviour of most people is as if they are watching cinema.\"Odissi danseuse Dona Ganguly is fortunate enough never to have been distracted by errant mobile phones during her own performances. \"Yes, there have been one or two occasions when a mobile phone has suddenly started ringing. I remember once at an Ustad Zakir Hussain concert a phone had suddenly started ringing. Hearing it, Zakirji stopped playing midway to make the person understand his mistake. Thereafter, there wasn't any further disturbance,\" she says.Grammy award winner Pt Viswa Mohan Bhatt says the lack of decorum is one of the biggest problems while performing live in India. Says the mohan veena player, \"People think that by hiding the handset under their palm, they can fool the artiste. But we are sharp and can understand that even while playing on stage. This problem is more acute in the metros.\"Percussionist Bickram Ghosh says in India this lack of listeners' ethics is fast becoming a menace. \"I don't do 'rata hua' music and it's very difficult to concentrate with such distractions both for fusion and classical shows. There are sounds of crackling of plastic packets. People have an uncanny habit of coughing the moment they land in a silent auditorium. Those backstage often have no idea of the volume in which they are speaking and how it can impact us on stage. Sometimes, people don't even wait for a piece to conclude but walk out in the middle of a performance. This is an all-India menace,\" says Ghosh.Scene Abroad Bhatt says listeners abroad give much more respect to performers. Sarod player Pt Tejendra Narayan Majumdar, who composed an album that won a Grammy nomination in 2010, says, \"When we play at prestigious auditoria abroad including the Royal Albert Hall, there is a system of not allowing anyone to enter the auditorium after the third bell. People can leave only after the concert is over. In India, we've to perform while people just come and go right in front of the stage,\" Majumdar says.What do artistes' do? Padamsee recalls, \"Naseeruddin Shah had once stopped his show because there was a man who was talking too loudly on the cellphone. Naseer stopped his performance and asked if this man would like to come on stage and perform! In India, people feel they can get away with anything as long as no one complains. We have to protest. We make an announcement to switch off phones and if anybody feels they must keep it on, we ask them to get a refund from the box office right away.\" Pt Vijay Kichlu says, \"Both artistes and organizers need to develop this culture of having good listeners. I've seen Zakir (Ustad Zakir Hussain) come down heavily on those who talk while he is performing. If he spots someone erring, he will stop playing and say: \"you finish your discussion and then I will begin playing\". Kishori Amonkar too would protest. But most other artistes are not that careful. They are slaves to organizers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14169301", "title": "\u2018Love cheat\u2019 Khan was honeymooning in Bangalore when police caught him", "text": "CHENNAI: Amir Khan, 26, who has been arrested for cheating several women whom he met on matrimonial sites, was honeymooning in a hotel in Bangalore when police went knocking on the door.Khan, who has been brought to Chennai following a few complaints from women here, had 'married' Mahathi (name changed), a 20-year-old BPO worker from Ahmedabad. The woman was sent back to her native place.Within hours of the detention of Amir Khan (26) by the Bangalore police, at least two more women filed complaints. Mahathi, with whom Khan had been staying in the hotel, told police that he had proposed to her claiming to be a software engineer in the US. The woman was shocked to hear about the antecedents of her 'husband' of two days. She filed a police complaint.Another 28-year-old woman from Belgaum in Karnataka told the Bangalore police that Khan had conned her after promising to marry her. The woman had heard the news about Khan's detention by the Seshadripuram police station in Bangalore, after TOI reported it on Saturday. The police officer asked the two women to send copies of their complaints to Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy, since Khan would now be questioned here.\"As the Ahmedabad woman didn't have a place to stay, police took her to a government hospital in Bangalore and sent her back to Ahmedabad on Friday morning. Some police personnel and Indian Youth Congress (IYC) cadres collected money for the girl,\" said Madras High Court advocate T K R Sudha.The elaborate profiles he posted on matrimonial sites, under different names and with different addresses convinced several women that he was their dream man. Each got 'married' to him and spent a few days before he fled with their jewellery and cash.The police action came after Manisha (name changed), a BPO worker from Chennai, approached some Indian Youth Congress workers who traced Khan to the Bangalore hotel. A special police team from the cyber crime wing of the central crime branch took Amir Khan into their custody and brought him to Chennai on Friday evening. He will be produced before a magistrate in Chennai on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14174677", "title": "Unilever may relocate 400 tech jobs to Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The Anglo-Dutch personal care major Unilever is planning to move some jobs to Bangalore as part of a restructuring exercise that would involve relocating some 400 high capability roles from Unilever's IT site in Ewloe in Wales .The company's R&D; centre in Bangalore contributes to brands including Lifebuoy, Pureit, Ponds, Fair and Lovely, Radiant, Omo, Brooke Bond, Lipton, Walls and Knorr.Around 300 employees work at the site, including 75 scientists, 150 research associates and 50 support staff - specializing in microbiology, virology and microstructure creation.Unilever is changing some elements of the UK business to sustain its competitiveness. The overhaul could result in a net reduction of around 500 Unilever roles in the UK. There would also be potentially the loss of around 300 associated contractor and third party roles, the company said in a statement.Amanda Sourry, chairman - Unilever UK and Ireland , said, \"Like many companies today, Unilever faces the challenge of creating growth opportunities against a backdrop of very tough economic conditions in Europe. While Unilever is growing well in the UK and globally, it will always be necessary to make changes, which raise our game and ensure our continued success. We believe these proposals would substantially strengthen our platform for long-term growth and competitiveness.\"The company is also focusing on improving how it is organized to fuel growth including making the most of its global scale through the creation of fewer, bigger, better hubs for manufacturing and business services. The FMCG major has over 171,000 employees, and generated annual sales of 46.5 billion euros in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14169115", "title": "Technical report points at design flaws", "text": "JALANDHAR: Lt Gen B S Dhaliwal, who was entrusted a technical enquiry into Jalandhar building collapse which took place on April 15, has completed his enquiry and the report was submitted to the state government on Friday evening.It is learnt that apart from other factors, serious flaws in the designs of the building, especially the structural designing and digging along it in the adjoining plot, have emerged as the primary reasons during the investigation. The digging in the adjoining plot, which was being done for constructing a building by industrialist Shital Vij, weakened the soil around the foundation of pillars of the collapsed factory.According to technical experts, the building collapsed to the side of the plot and after the pillars on this gave in the entire building came down within moments. PWD engineer-in-chief R P Singh and an expert of structural engineering department also assisted Dhaliwal.It is learnt that a building plan submitted by Shital Vij during the enquiry did not match with the building erected on the site. \"There were lapses in the structural design and the digging triggered the collapse,\" said an expert. However Dhaliwal was not available for comments.23 workers had lost their lives in the collapse and it took around a week to rescue the injured from under the rubble and then to search it completely. The rescue operation was jointly conducted by NDRF and Army with support from Punjab Police, PAP jawans and volunteers.Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal visited the site of mishap on April 17 and announced three enquiries - one by Lt Gen Dhaliwal to probe the technical aspects, second by Jalandhar division commissioner and third by a special investigation team (SIT) of Jalandhar commissionerate police.While initially Vij was booked for culpable homicide under Section 304 of IPC and also under Provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act, after enquiry by the SIT the charge was changed to 304 A of IPC (death due to negligence) and provisions of PC Act were removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162656", "title": "Andhra Pradesh bypolls: Jagan Mohan Reddy blows away Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jagan Mohan Reddy allowed himself a broad smile in Chanchalguda jail as his YSR Congress Party stormed to victory in Nellore Lok Sabha and 15 assembly seats in the widely-watched bypolls, the results of which were declared on Friday. The Congress was spared the blushes by winning in two seats - Ramachandrapuram and Narsapuram. TDP out of sorts for a long time churned another dismal performance drawing a blank. The TRS, which project itself as a champion of separate Telangana cause, almost lost the neck-and-neck battle in Parkal to the YSRCP.With its resounding victory, Jagan's party proved that its primary claim to YSR's legacy and promise of a 'suvarna rajyam' (golden rule) scored heavily with the voters, especially women. Voters seem to have largely ignored the corruption charges against Jagan, which formed a major part of the campaign plank of both the Congress and TDP. Also, he was largely helped by the polarization of Reddy votes irrespective of the regions. \"Jagan will emerge as the greatest leader of this country. He will create a wave much before the 2014 elections,\" claimed YSR CP's Kapu Ramachandra Reddy, who won the Rayadurg seat from the badlands of Rayalaseema.The high-profile and multi-leader campaign unleashed by the Congress evidently had no effect as the YSRCP was able to build on the 'insults' meted out to YSR family by the ruling Congress. Following Jagan's arrest by the CBI on May 27, Vijayamma and Sharmila, who toured all the 18 assembly constituencies and the Nellore LS segment, managed to keep the sympathy factor alive and kicking.Curiously, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy chose the day of reckoning to fly to Delhi, ostensibly for a meeting on the presidential election. Chandrababu Naidu and Chiranjeevi, who ran a high-pitched campaign, came out as duds, while Jagan cemented his dominance in the state politics. His party's candidate Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy won by a massive margin of 2,91,745 votes against his nearest rival and former Union minister T Subbarami Reddy in the Nellore Lok Sabha seat.In what can be seen as a near decimation, the ruling Congress came third in 10 seats, bagged a poor fifth place in Parkal and forfeited its deposit in five other seats. Shockingly, the Congress put up a brave face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14162832", "title": "PM may take charge of finance ministry for now", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over the past few months, there's been huge interest around who might succeed Pranab Mukherjee as finance minister if he were to become President; and now that he's headed for Rashtrapati Bhavan, that speculation is bound to touch fever pitch.All indications are that the Prime Minister \u2014 whose strongest suit is his vast and credible experience as an economic manager \u2014 will take charge of the ministry, at least for the time being. He is known to be anxious to revive investor confidence and stem the continuing economic slide that has devastated the rupee, foreign funds inflow, the stock market and industrial production.Mukherjee is expected to resign as finance minister after he files his papers on the PM's return from his foreign trips on June 24. However, a reshuffle may not happen immediately.The PMO is said to have been deeply unhappy about the \"mess\" created by the budget \u2014 in particular, the decision to tax retrospectively (symbolized by the Vodafone row) and General Anti-Avoidance Rules. Within the Congress, too, there is recognition that inept economic management is hurting the party politically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "14163175", "title": "Ticket checker beaten up as youth falls to death", "text": "SURI: An unidentified man, aged about 32 years, fell off a moving express train near Mallarpur in Birbhum, sparking off violence at the station. A section of passengers, who the railways claim was part of a group travelling without tickets, accused ticket checker Manoj Kumar of having pushed out the man from the train and thrashed him. No FIR or complaint was lodged against him though.The incident occurred around 7.30am on the 13134 Dn Varanasi-Sealdah Express. Kumar was apparently checking tickets in a reserved compartment when he came across a group of travellers who failed to produce valid tickets. According to other passengers, the ticket checker was having an altercation with the group near the door when they heard a loud noise. Those haggling with the ticket checker claimed that one of the group members had been pushed out of the train by the man in the black coat.The man, who couldn't be identified till the evening, was rescued from beside the tracks by locals and taken to a local hospital where he was declared brought dead. Some people who thrashed the ticket checker claimed that he had demanded Rs 100 from the traveller as bribe. Eastern Railway officials, however, refuted this charge.Though the train has no scheduled stop at Mallarpur, the driver applied brakes on realizing that somebody had fallen off near the outer signal. By then, some ticketless travellers had started heckling Kumar. He got off the train and tried to escape but was caught and thrashed. Pradip Kumar, assistant station master of Mallarpur, said he heard a noise and stepped out of his office to find the ticket checker being manhandled by a mob. Kumar may have been lynched had he not been saved by other passengers. He was shifted to the Rampurhat Hospital from where he was referred to Kolkata. Eastern Railway officials said that he was later moved to the orthopaedic hospital in Howrah.Kumar lives in a railway quarter at Rampurhat and he was accompanied to Howrah by his wife Vinita. She said her husband suffers from a kidney-related disorder and his condition got aggravated after the assault. \"The ticket checker was assaulted by goons travelling without valid tickets on the Varanasi-Sealdah Express. The man, who died, seems to have tried to get off the moving train and lost balance. The ticket checker was not involved. Nobody made any attempt to lodge an FIR or file a complaint with us. The ticket checker's life was saved by other passengers. This wouldn't have happened had he been involved,\" an ER spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14158672", "title": "Burglars strike Carambolim temple", "text": "OLD GOA: Taking advantage of the heavy rains, burglars struck at Shri Kamlavati Khelnath temple at Sakle Bhat in Carambolim early Friday morning and decamped with valuables worth around 2 lakh.The thieves gained entry by breaking the temple's main door after which they entered the temple and broke the lock of the second door. They then broke lock of the gate to the idol of Kamlavati to rob gold as well as silver valuables from the idols body.Old Goa police officials rushed to the site and conducted their investigation. They resorted to the services of fingerprint experts and a dog squad but in vain.Temple priest Narsimha said, \"In the morning when I came to the temple our sweeper lady asked me if I had opened the temple door. When I said that I had not, she told me that the temple's locks were broken. When I entered, I noticed that the prabhavali, thond, necklace, mani, and other gold items were missingPresident of the temple committee and Cumbharjua ZP member Dhaku Madkaikar said, \"It is unfortunate that a theft has taken place in Carambolim where houses are located all around the temple.\" Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar said, \"I feel that this could be a pre-planned act and could also be linked with the Marcel jewellery shop theft on Thursday as both the incidents have taken place within a span of 24 hours. I definitely feel that the state police had to take strict action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14161290", "title": "Irate Bajwa residents ransack ward office", "text": "VADODARA: Residents of Bajwa area on the outskirts of the city ransacked Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) ward office at Chhani over waterlogging at Bajwa railway underbridge.The railway underbridge was inundated when the city was recently lashed by rains. The residents were peeved at this as they were facing problems in commuting through it. Those living in the area also complained of water supply issues.The residents along with Congress leaders reached Chhani ward office to make representations regarding the issue. Some of them threw furniture and other items in the ward office and damaged property there.Waterlogging at the underbridge has been a major issue for several years now. The residents have made representations regarding it in the past too, but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162837", "title": "Rs 1.5crore for security at Cyberabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Society for Cyberabad Security Council (SCSC), which is a coordinating body between Cyberabad police and IT companies in Cyberabad, has decided to invest Rs 1.5 crore additional fund for improving the security at the various IT corridors in Cyberabad on Friday. The decision was taken during its annual general body meeting (AGM).SCSC secretary, V Srinivas Prasad, in a press release said that a decision was taken to invest Rs 1.5 crore for procuring HD cameras and to increase coverage in other areas of IT corridors to be commissioned latest by October 2012.The companies which are part of the council will provide the funds to Cyberabad police for improving security. The employees of several prominent institutions - Infosys, Deloitte , Cognizant, Microsoft, Facebook, Dell, GE and ISB - participated in the meeting. The honorary president of the council and Cyberabad commissioner, Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, also participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14173820", "title": "Fun at Retro nights", "text": "While Wednesday nights see people jiving to beat the mid week blues, a new concept of retro nights on Thursdays is all set to take the fun and frolic trend to greater heights. This Thursday we saw party lovers, from all walks of life, converging to enjoy the mellifluous music from the era of 70's and 80's.A few could not stop and went for a quick dance session, and others sat in a corner to enjoy the ambience. DJs Chinx and Harsh had everyone hooked as they belted out some amazing tracks. From young to the elderly, the place saw a variety in crowd. But what appealed to everyone was the music, which well suited their demands. The venue was in contrast with what it usually sees- a highly packed one, and had soft and ear pleasing music, leaving everyone charmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158143", "title": "Circus asked to create hygienic conditions for animals", "text": "NAGPUR: The committee appointed by the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), Chennai, to inspect Amar Circus camp in the city has advised them to create hygienic conditions for animals in the circus.The AWBI is a statutory body working under the ministry of environment &amp; forest (MoEF) to promote animal welfare and protection.The committee inspected upkeep of animals in the circus on June 9, following a complaint filed by Naresh Kadyan, chairman of People For Animals (PFA), Haryana, on May 25. The committee comprised assistant commissioners of animal husbandry Dr RM Bhojane and Dr KS Bhide, SN Kapoor, co-opted member of AWBI, Dr RW Rewatkar, Dr Chitra Raut, and ACF AD Anjikar.In its report submitted to AWBI through regional joint commissioner of animal husbandry, the committee has advised to create hygienic conditions, provide ration, vaccination, proper caging and regular deworming. The panel has recommended regular exercise and check-up by qualified vet.Chandrakant Gadge, owner of Amar Circus, said the circus animals are in good health which had been certified by city vet Dr Mrunalini Sakhre.There are 3 camels, 17 dogs, 9 horses, 8 birds, 6 ducks, 1 hippopotamus and 1 elephant with the circus. The general health and upkeep of the animals was good and satisfactory.On the vaccination record of these animals, the panel pointed out that only anti-rabies vaccine was administered to all the animals. However, in case of horses, vaccination against tetanus was not given. The dogs were not immunized against viral and bacterial diseases. Besides, regular deworming and multivitamin and calcium supplements were not given.\"At the time of inspection, 17 dogs were found in the camp when only 12 have been registered with the AWBI,\" the report pointed out. Gadge assured to comply with the vaccination programme recommended by the inspection team.The report also says that there is no regular vet on the circus' pay roll, but Gadge said that no vet was ready to work on a regular basis.Kadyan had approached the board complaining that the hippo working in the circus was blind which amounted to violation or rules. During its inspection, the team found that the hippo was kept in a tank full of dirty water. There was no space to for exercise. The hippo's left eye suffers from lack of vision while the right is partially affected.Gadge said that they fed the hippo with 40kg potatoes and 20 kg spinach daily. In summers it is fed water melons. \"We change the tank water every alternate day,\" he said. On the hippo suffering from cataract , Gadge said he was willing to pay for the operation if any vet was made available.On feeding habits, the committee observed that horse, camel and elephant were not given green fodder, but Gadge countered the allegation saying horses were given gram and elephant was fed with jaggery and rotis.The committee members have said that no record of periodical health check-ups by veterinary surgeons was available for any of the animals. Treatment registers were also not maintained.Gadge slammed the authorities for not intimating them about the committee's visit to the circus. \"I learnt about it through TOI. Had I been informed, I would have been ready with the records. I am yet to receive the committee's report,\" he said. However, TOI had reported about the committee's visit a day in advance.Kadyan has sought explanation from AWBI chairman and assistant secretary for allowing a sick hippo and heritage animal like elephant to perform in the circus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181143", "title": "Scarlett Johansson not keen on nude scenes", "text": "Scarlett Johansson, who has in the past gone topless in leaked photos from her phone and graced the cover of Vanity Fair magazine in the nude, isn't keen to bare all for raunchy scenes in the steamy movie 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'.The 27-year-old actress, is the favourite to star as the lover of a billionaire businessman in the film, but movie bosses are reportedly having trouble getting her to strip.\"I'm still making up my mind about when or how I'll do a nude scene,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.\"You always imagine people buying the film on DVD and going back and forth watching your boobs over and over again,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14175728", "title": "Rajamouli\u2019s Eega release on July 6", "text": "Looks like SS Rajamouli's graphical extravaganza \"Eega\" has got a release date - July 6. The ace director has announced this date officially and further said that \"Eega\" will be releasing in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam simultaneously.Eega is one of the most awaited films of the year and time and again, the film has been getting postponed for some reason. Freshly, the makers have announced that the bi-lingual socio-fantasy film is all gearing for release on July 6.The Telugu version of the film is being produced by Sai Korapati under Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram banner while the Tamil version (\"Naan Ee\")is being produced by PVP Cinemas. The Telugu version will be dubbed in Malayalam as Eecha and will be released at the same time as the Telugu &amp; Tamil versions.The film stars Sudeep, Samantha and Nani in lead roles. M. M. Keeravani composed the film's music while K. K. Senthil Kumar handled cinematography and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao helmed the film's editing.Eega release, Eega release date, rajamouoi eega, rajamouli, keeravani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14169386", "title": "Counting on numbers to brighten her life", "text": "S Bhavani exudes confidence in her speech and body language. But that's on the outside. The 17-year-old knows that despite coming first in the Class 12 board exams in Chennai district, it is a long road ahead.\"My father, L Subramanyam, was a sorting postman. He died in 2008 and we have been living on his pension,\" says Bhavani. \"Now it is 9,000 a month, but we were told that it might reduce by half in another couple of years.\" Her mother was not able to work as she had to take care of two daughters.When Bhavani did well in Class 10, she knew that she wanted to be a chartered accountant. \"My father's friend helped us. He told me about Sri Ahobila Math Oriental Higher Secondary School, which is the best place to study commerce,\" says Bhavani, who scored 1,188 out of 1,200.When Bhavani joined Ahobila Math, she knew she was among the lowest income group. \"Other students were toppers from CBSE and matriculation schools. I was the only one from a corporation school. No one noticed me.\"That was until the results of the first quarterly exams were announced. Bhavani stood first and the girl from Saidapet became the centre of attention. All through her plus two, Bhavani focused only on studies. \"The competition was high and I had to be on my toes. My marks motivated me to do better,\" she says.Bhavani would study till 8pm after school and then be up by 4am. Since the house has just two narrow rooms, she would study in the room near the kitchen, while her mother and sister slept in the other room. \"At sunrise, I would turn off the lights and head to the backyard,\" she says. Bhavani's family lives in a tiny outhouse that is one of the three houses in the same compound. The families share a small area at the back, which is Bhavani's study room at dawn.She is hoping to do well in a common proficiency test on Sunday to start her accountancy career. \"It will cost me 20,000, including course fee. I am hoping to do well because this could mean slight reduction in fees,\" she says.After seeing her daughter's marks, Kannagi feels the struggle was worth it. \"I wish her father was around to see what she has accomplished. He dreamt of seeing her picture in the newspaper. She is the first in our family to have finished her 12th,\" adds Kannagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14178021", "title": "Prime Minister Manmohan Singh leaves for G-20, Rio+20 summits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday left for a eight-day tour of Mexico and Brazil to attend the G-20 and Rio+20 summits.Singh will attend the seventh summit of the Group of 20 developed and developing countries(G-20) starting in the Mexican resort town of Los Cabos on June 18 and the Rio+20 Summit in Rio De Janeiro .The G-20 summit is likely to be dominated by the crisis in Europe, which - combined with slowing growth in China and India - poses a threat to the world economy.The ongoing European sovereign debt crisis has made it difficult or impossible for some countries like Greece and Spain in the euro area to re-finance their government debt without the assistance of third parties.The Rio Summit, commencing on June 20, is being held 20 years after the first Earth Summit, a landmark gathering, in a renewed bid to rally the world behind a common environmental blueprint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158927", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority issues notice to contractor over accidents", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a tough stance, the MMRDA has asked Simplex Infrastructure why it should not be blacklisted for the accidents that have occurred at its sites.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana confirmed that a letter to this effect was issued to the Simplex management recently. He said they would decide on initiating further action after getting a reply.When contacted, a spokesperson for Simplex said the company adhered to the highest global safety and quality norms.MMRDA officials pointed out that there had been three accidents at its sites involving Simplex, one of which occurred on the Lalbaug flyover while two took place at Metro locations. Besides, a pothole appeared on the Lalbaug flyover soon after its inauguration in 2011, triggering sharp reactions from citizens.The MMRDA is involved in a host of major infrastructure projects, including flyovers, the monorail and the Metro, in the city. In the past, it was criticized by citizens for \"allowing contractors to get away without any major punishment\".Things took a serious turn after accidents at a Monorail site in Chembur claimed the lives of two workers last year.MMRDA officials have all along maintained that their contractors have a proper system of safety regulations in place, which is updated from time to time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14178363", "title": "NCP asks Sangma to withdraw from presidential race", "text": "NEW DELHI: With PA Sangma insisting on contesting the presidential poll, the NCP on Saturday asked him to withdraw, saying the party's line was to support Pranab Mukherjee for the top constitutional post \"unconditionally\".\"Let me make it very clear that Mr Sangma does not enjoy support of the NCP. We wish that he does not contest. If he does, I cannot sat anything now, he is a senior leader, but I don't think he should defy the party's direction or the line of thinking,\" senior NCP leader and union minister Praful Patel said here.Asked if he was hinting of any action against Sangma, Patel said, \"I am nobody to take action, but the fact is nobody -- either me or anybody -- should defy the line or the direction the party has taken.\"\"And in this case, the party's direction and the line is to support Pranab Mukherjee unconditionally,\" Patel told NDTV.Sangma is still insisting on contesting, saying that he has been supported by AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa and BJD chief Naveen Patnaik.\"I am in the fray as a tribal candidate, not as a NCP candidate,\" Sangma, a former Lok Sabha Speaker, had said earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "oklahoma city", "code": "14158496", "title": "King James helps Heat catch up with Thunder in NBA Finals", "text": "OKLAHOMA CITY: LeBron James was hurting badly after the loss in Game One of the NBA finals. He brought that hurt to the court on Thursday and turned in a monster performance to help Miami Heat edge out Oklahoma City Thunder. Miami won 100-96, quelling a late rally from the home team at the Chesapeake Arena which reverberated to the rhythmic beats of the fans.Thunder could have created a wonder by putting a distance between them and Heat only if they had shot better. Shooting in the low thirties from the three-point zone and high 30s in the key area and 19 of 26 from the line, does not give you a happy ending. Thunder were down 2-16 in the opening quarter with Heat's James Harden showing the way.Heat led at various stages led by a minimum of 10 points, raising it to up to 17 at one stage.Thunder's top stars - Serge Ibaka, Kendrick Perkins and Thabo Sefolosha - had a cold night and between them scored only 14 points and the normally reliable three-point shooter Dereck Fisher too was off his usual range, shooting 0 for 4 from the three-point range.Thunder did battle their shooting blues and came within two points of drawing level but Heat were always a step ahead of their rivals. Now they have a shouting chance of winning their first title with James in charge.Thunder coach Scott Brooks was asked prior to the game how he would deal with a situation of handling deficits of more than 10 points. His answer was simple: \"We will handle it when it comes our way and battle our way through it.\" Post game, Brooks admitted that they took too many bad shots. LeBron James shot 32 points, had 8 rebounds and five assists and Chris Bosh had 16 points and 15 rebounds.Kevin Durant too had a 32-point night, but had three rebounds.Scores, Game Two: Miami Heat 100 (LeBron James 32 points, 8 Rebounds, 5 assists; Dwayne Wade 24-6-5; Chris Bosh 16-15-1; Shane Battier 17-1-1) Miami Heat 96 (Kevin Durant 32-3-1; Russel Westbrook 27-8-7, James Harden 21-4-2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176391", "title": "Pooja Kivein Aa is out with new touch in Jatt and Juliet", "text": "'Pooja Kivein Aa, Ki Kardi si', everyone might have already heard and danced to this song, sung by Sharry Maan. But the same song is out again with a new flavour in the upcoming Punjabi movie Jatt and Juliet. This time its not Sharry Maan but Diljit Dosanjh and Neeru Bajwa are the performing characters in the song, obviously because they are the lead starcast of the movie Jatt and Juliet.The song 'Pooja Kivein Aa' was already a huge hit when it was released as single from Sharry Maan. Now when its been seeing coming up in Jatt and Juliet, people are again falling on it. The song has already hit over a million views on youtube in just a matter of days. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14167410", "title": "Pre-monsoon activities begin in Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT: Pre-monsoon activities have started in Saurashtra with sporadic rain showers reported from different places since the past 48 hours. On Friday morning, Mahuva of Bhavnagar district received a few rounds of rain showers.On Thursday, showers were experienced in Dhari of Amreli district, where 50 mm of rain was recorded. Also, a spell of showers was experienced in Sutrapada of Veraval district on Thursday.In Junagadh and Rajkot, the sky remained overcast with increasing humidity. The state meteorological department officials said sporadic rain showers will continue throughout Saurashtra as part of pre-monsoon activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159469", "title": "Woman refuses to lift her veil at Kankaria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Security staff at the Kankaria lakefront faced an unusual problem when a woman refused to pull up her veil for a brief glimpse of her face to be captured by a CCTV camera. The woman's husband objected to the security officer's suggestions claiming that it would hurt tenets of a belief system.The incident happened when the woman had approached gate 6 for entry. A woman officer asked her to lift her veil and walk 10 feet so that the CCTV camera captures her image. \"The husband immediately objected to it. We were confused as this was the first such incident in three years. Not a single burkha-clad woman, till now, had objected to our requests. We even requested the gentleman to allow his wife to be checked at gate 1 in a cabin by lady security officers,\" said an AMC official.After Friday's incident, five new closed cabins will be placed at each of the five entrances of the Kankaria lake.Deputy municipal commissioner M S Patel says, \"Police have mandated that we take video footage of every individual that passes through our gates. If we disobey, our officers can be arrested for negligence.\" \"There cannot be any exception to this rule. Security of all comes first,\" said D M Chauhan, Maninagar PI .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167982", "title": "Businesses turn CCTVs on policemen", "text": "MUMBAI: The very vigilance techniques advocated by the Mumbai police could prove helpful in nailing cops. CCTV cameras, used to track crime and monitor public movement, are now being used to record the high-handedness of raiding police parties.Amar Juice Centre in Juhu installed CCTVs after repeated assaults on staffers, allegedly by cops. The footage of assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble wielding a hockey stick went viral and raised an uproar against such authoritarianism. Owner Tushar Joshi says, \"More pubs and restaurants are installing CCTVs. The officer in question attacked my men three to four times in the past, but I did not have in-house cameras then. The staff was intimidated, beaten up and threatened.\" Joshi maintains that his establishment did not upload the footage on social networking sites.In Bandra, restaurateur Shakil Bhure advocates the use of technology to prove harassment. Shakil's 64-year-old father Ghulam Nabi Bhure was allegedly assaulted by a police team during a raid. The elderly man's eardrum burst, causing bleeding and perforation.A pub in Parel raided a few weeks ago confirms that it has a CCTV system. \"I cannot say if the footage of the raid has been retained, but I agree that videographing cops can help nail the authorities' lies if they accuse us of illegal activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163310", "title": "Trigger-happy MLC Rehman booked", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress leader and former MLC MA Rehman was on Friday booked for firing from his licenced revolver in the air during celebrations outside the party office in Jubilee Hills after the results of the bypolls started pouring in on Friday afternoon.Jubilee Hills police said Rehman fired five rounds in the air while participating in the jubilation along with the party cadre. He was immediately arrested and was shifted to Jubilee Hills police station from where he was later sent to 14-day judicial custody. \"Though he opened fire in the air, since it is a public place, it amounts to a serious offence,'' Jubilee Hills SI DV Narayana Reddy said. The incident came as a surprise to the YSR cadre. Rehman was booked under the Arms Act and section 336 (endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC. The YSR Congress first condemned the behaviour and issued him a show-cause notice, but later toned down by taking it back and said that the matter is under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14168581", "title": "Girl found dead in Itanagar", "text": "ITANAGAR: Police recovered the body of a girl from Abotani Colony here on Friday morning. OC of Itanagar Police Station M Bui said, \"The body of the 14-year-old girl was found propped against the wall of a building.\" The deceased has been identified as Mukum Dolo, a schoolgirl from East Kameng district.She was in Itanagar with her parents on vacation. A case has been registered and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167807", "title": "Mayawati praises Pranab Mukherjee for helping UP 'out of the way'", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati has announced her party's support to UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee . Mayawati told reporters in Lucknow that among all the names, she considers Pranab as the most suitable person for the post of President.Though the BSP supremo criticised UPA government for neglecting her demand for a special package for development of UP when she was the chief minister, she praised Pranab for 'going out of the way' in the capacity of Union finance minister to give 'something' to the state if not the entire development package. Maya also said she is not happy with the economic policies of the UPA but said Pranab, as finance minister, alone cannot be blamed for all the problems.She said that the collective responsibility of all the problems is of entire UPA. She also said that she is against policies of Congress, but has given issue based support to the UPA to keep communal elements out of power.Mayawati said she had spoken to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and PM Manmohan Singh on phone in the morning and informed them about BSP's support to Pranab. She also attacked Mulayam Singh Yadav for his flip flop on the issue Regarding election for vice-president, Mayawati said she will take decision after names will be put forward by UPA and other groups.When asked about not fielding party candidate in Kannauj Lok Sabha and Mant assembly bypoll, Mayawati said BSP kept away because Mulayam Singh has publicly requested to give his son Akhilesh Yadav six months time as chief minister to perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167500", "title": "Wild dogs kill two goats at a Thudiyalur farm", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two goats were killed by dholes (Asiatic wild dogs) at a farm near Thudiyalur. According to police, farmer Narasimharaj lives in Pappanaickenpalayam on the Thudiyalur-Chinna Thadagam Road. He owns goats and hen in his farm.On Thursday midnight, the family heard cries of a goat. On searching, they found feathers of the hen outside the room in which the farm animals were kept. Inside they found the dholes biting the necks of the goats, said the family members. They got sacred and rushed inside the house. In the morning, they found the goats bleeding and took them to hospital. However, it was too late to save the goats. They died on Friday afternoon without responding to treatment. The forest department has been informed and they think the dholes may have come from the hills of Kanuvai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14159773", "title": "Court orders narco testsin Mukhiya murder case", "text": "Ara: The court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Ara, on Friday ordered for narco and polygraph tests of three accused in Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji murder case subject to their consent. The CJM court rejected the bail petition of all the three accused. The police will take them for narco and polygraph tests with their consent for which a magistrate has been deputed.Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh had requested the CJM court for narco and polygraph tests of Monu, Sunny and Anil Kumar Pandey in view of the trio giving conflicting answers to questions related to the case.The court of CJM, Ara, P K Ojha, ordered for narco and polygraph test of Monu Rai alias Ritesh Kumar Singh, son of Manoj Kumar Singh, mukhiya, Kurmuri panchayat and close associate of a JD(U) MLA, his friend Sunny Singh alias Harshvardhan alias Rahul, and Anil Kumar Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, on Friday in connection with the murder of Mukhiyaji on June 1 near his residence at Katira under Nawada police station at 4.30 am when he was returning from morning walk. He, however, said that the consent of the trio was a must before the test and the magistrate, Manoj Kumar, had been deputed by the court. All the three accused are in Ara jail. The CJM had earlier reserved his order after hearing the matter on Thursday.In the meantime, Monu, Sunny and Anil Kumar Pandey filed a petition for bail in the court of the CJM, Ara. The CJM, after hearing the matter, rejected their bail petitions. The court also allowed the police to take Anil Kumar Pandey on five-day police remand, while the SIT wanted eight-day police remand.DSP, Sunil Kumar, head of SIT, said that with this order the investigation would gain momentum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14167559", "title": "Survey finds lacunae in traffic planning", "text": "INDORE: Do you often have to look for excuses after reaching your home or workplace very late? If so, here is a survey that will suggest you what to blame for while handling such a situation. A Comprehensive Mobility Plan (CMP) prepared by RITES on behalf of Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC) observes that 85 per cent of the reported traffic delays in the city are due to congestion. Survey holds encroachments and on-street parking mainly responsible for the same.Sujata Savant, additional general manager (Urban Transport), RITES said that by checking the on-street parking and encroachment menace, traffic can be streamlined to a great extent in the city. It will also reduce the travel time.Lack of free and easy availability of parking space and and inadequate public transport facilities are the main reasons behind parking woes. Parking at junctions like Regal Square and Bhawarkua proves to be nightmarish at times for the commuters. Parking in areas like Kothari market and city centre also lead to traffic snarls. The survey also said that the junctions of the city are not constructed as per the Indian Road Congress (IRC) standards. It says that self regulatory roundabouts with huge leftover space are left neglected and unmanaged. Insufficient rotary radius leading to traffic merging at right angles causes accidents. Faulty geometry and presence of large directional islands add to the delay at signalized junctions.The traffic lights on rotary are also not serving the purpose-traffic signals at rotary slow the movement of traffic as most of the green phase is consumed in traffic weaving. Thus RITES suggest that all the roundabouts should be removed. Roundabout at Regal should be removed and statue of Mahatma Gandhi should be shifted to SSP Office.It further says that bus stops and petrol pumps located at intersections and multiple junctions at very short distance are causing congestion. Service road opening directly on the intersection and no lane marking on carriageways cause also obstacle to the movement of traffic, and increase chances of accidents. RITES has prepared junction improvement plans for 40 junctions of the city including Radisson Square and Regal Square. The survey observed that national highway and state highway carry majority of the city traffic but function inefficiently due to inefficient carriageway width. Absence of footpaths and parking on footpaths also cause traffic congestion.Survey points that city lacks pedestrian infrastructure with very few roads having footpaths. Most of the junctions do not have zebra crossing and pedestrian signals. Major roads such as RNT Marg, MG Road, RTO Road, Collectorate Road and others have raised medians, barricades and inappropriate kerb heights discouraging pedestrians. Absence of pedestrian crossing also encourages use of vehicles. Survey points that absence of pedestrian crossing facility along the long stretch of 1.5 to 2 km like the one from Regal Square to Madhumilan Square forces pedestrians to use private vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170311", "title": "Blazing summer leaves its mark with frequent sunburns, melasma", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With temperature crossing 46 degree mark and scorching heat taking a toll on denizens' health especially skin, 35-40 out of 150 patients visiting OPD at government hospitals are complaining against skin diseases like sun burn, melasma (a dark skin discolouration that appears on sun-exposed areas of the face ), photomelanosis (a change in pigmentation because of sun exposure, which can make the skin have dark patches), and polymorphous light eruption.In fact, dermatologists claim that there has been sharp increase in the number of patients suffering from various skin problems. Dermatologist Dr AK Srivastava at TB Sapru Hospital said, \"As many as 30 out of 150 patients are complaining about skin problems due to excessive heat conditions and environment pollution. Those having sensitive skin are more likely to suffer from problems like rashes, acne on the face as well as your back, tanning, skin infections and sunburn.\"Dr Srivastava further pointed out that with temperature crossing 44 degree Celsius mark and hot weather conditions prevailing, the sunrays are intense and can seriously damage the skin.A lot of care has to be taken to protect not only the facial skin but also the skin on the body and hair.The effect of ultraviolet rays is visible on skin and people with soft and sensitive skin are the worst affected. Those who fail to take proper care of their skin, develop secondary infections.Deputy chief medical officer, Dr Vivek Srivastava said people are not aware about sun protection factors and those who have sensitive skins should take precautions and apply lotions as described by the dermatologists. For instance, when there is hot weather condition, it generally sets off the occurrence of rosacea. Dermatologists suggest minimising Sun exposure. Always apply a sunscreen before stepping out in the sun. Often due to the sweltering heat, flare-ups could happen. Excess heat causes the blood vessels to dilate and perspiration could also act as an irritant to the skin.He added, \"UV (ultra-violet) rays are said to cause this problem. The iron content in the skin is said to be affected which eventually leads to rosacea. And, now if you have symptoms of rosacea, it is better to avoid direct sunlight. Use a good sunscreen with SPF 30+ whenever you are stepping out in the Sun.\"Sachin, a patient told TOI that every summer season, he has to face unwanted trouble as his skin is very sensitive\". He further added that doctors have been advising to take precautions and not to come out in the open if skin is very sensitive.Here, other common disease is summer rashes.Dermatologists say, \"Summer rashes occur when you are exposed to sunlight for a very long duration. These rashes appear within minutes or maybe a few hours after you've been out in the Sun.\"The rashes lead to constant itching and appear in small reddish blisters or large spots. Dr Srivastava says, \"Patients suffering summer rashes should not stay out in the sun for a very long time. If you see small reddish spots appear, instantly rub an ice cube on the affected area and then moisturise it. Make sure to use a mint-based moisturiser as the mint in it will act as an instant coolant on the skin and keep it refreshed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167057", "title": "BRTS: Timeline goes for a toss", "text": "BHOPAL: Monsoon is barely a few days away, but the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor work is still some distance from completion. The state of work is contrary to top authorities' assertions in the past of completing the BRTS work before monsoon hits the city.The dug-up patches along the corridor and at important traffic junctions continue to pose a threat to the commuters' life and limbs. Removal of roundabout at spots like Jansampark square and digging work still continue at Kamla Park and nearby GAD crossing causing discomfort to the passersby.\"I travel to MP Nagar for coaching class every day. The monsoon is just round the corner. The board office square will become a death zone if a one feet gap is not filled up soon,\" said Sonu Sagar, a resident of BHEL.The road from the Board office to Habibganj under-bridge is under construction for over a year now. With more than 10,000 vehicles plying in and around this road each day, the road has become one of the most accident-prone in the city.\"We fear accident on this road. Yesterday evening while I was returning home, my bike was almost skidded due to a gap between the road and the footpath,\" said Anand Trivedi, a resident of Arera Colony.It gets worse near the tri-junction closer to the state BJP headquarters. With no signals and dug-up roads, this part of the Hoshangabad road has turned into a death trap for commuters, said another commuter Prashant Singh.\"Around 80% work has been completed on the BRTS corridor. If all goes well and monsoon supports us, we may be able to complete the work on time. Else, we will complete the remaining works after the monsoon,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.\"The one feet gap between the road and the footpath at Board office is being filled up,\" he added. \"The work on Misrod road is also almost complete. There are small potholes, which will be taken care of soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14180960", "title": "24-year-old man, kin assaulted at Borivali", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old man and his kin were assaulted by a group of nine men over old enmity at Dahisar West on Thursday. The MHB Colony police have registered a case of 'attempt to murder' and have launched a search operation for the culprits.The incident took place around 8.30pm at Saibaba Nagar naka at Kandarpada.The complainant, Mukesh Kuthe, along with his brother Rupesh and their friend Nitin Kambli were having a conversation. Suddenly the accused, Santosh Ovhal, landed up with eight of his associates in a white coloured car. Ovhal and his aides bashed up Nitin and Rupesh badly with iron pipes.When Kambli tried to intervene, he was hit on the head. The victims were injured grievously.The accused fled from the spot in their car soon after the incident. While Mukesh and Rupesh were rushed to the Sukhsagar Hospital at Dahisar, Kambli was admitted to the Karuna Hospital at Borivali. Police officials said Ovhal and the victims did not get along. Ovhal was incensed over an old dispute and wanted to take revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164429", "title": "Exporting expertise worldwide", "text": "KOCHI: Three Kerala-based government agencies are set to make a mark as consultants for overseas clients. Kerala Industrial and Technical Consultancy Organisation (Kitco), Coconut Development Board (CDB), and Overseas Development and Employment Promotion Consultants (ODPEC) are providing technical help, managing projects, and recruiting skilled workers for roughly a dozen countries spread over the Middle East, Southeast Asia and even far-off Pacific Islands.Kochi-headquartered CDB, which promotes coconut farming in the country, is helping Trinidad and Tobago , a Carribean country, to rejuvenate coconut plantations and develop coconut-based industries there. The Board is also providing similar help to Mozambique and Malawi, two Southeast African countries. \"We look forward to Tanzania approaching us,\" revealed T K Jose, the chairman of the CDB.Thiruvananthapuram-based ODPEC is a recruitment firm operating in the Middle East and Southeast Asian countries, with plans to widen its marketing network to other countries too. \"Roughly a week ago, we recruited 80 nurses from Kochi for the Saudi Arabian Health Ministry, and in July again will recruit doctors from Kochi and Sri Nagar for the Saudi government,\" said G L Muraleedharan, managing director of ODPEC. The consultancy, under the Kerala labour ministry, is currently recruiting for employers in Singapore, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait and Qatar. In 2011, ODPEC recruited 200 workers, and this year till June, ODPEC has selected 300 people for various overseas jobs.Meanwhile, in a joint venture with Al Quraishi Electrical Services of Saudi Arabia (AQESA), Kochi-based Kitco has completed the technical evaluation of the electrical power distribution system at King Abdul Aziz International Airport, Jeddah.\"Earlier the GCC states used to employ European or US consultants only, but now they have realized the cost-effectiveness in employing Indian consultants. Moreover, they know the merit of Indian engineers working there already,\" said Cyriac Davies, managing director of Kitco. The firm, till date, has completed two projects overseas - the second being the redesigning of Ghala Wentworth Golf Course in Muscat.Winning overseas contracts offer extra benefits other than the immediate monetary returns. These consultants could also steer the demand for manpower and material to Kerala. \"In all our works, the talents were from Kerala only. We sent a team of electrical engineers to Jeddah, while another team based in Kochi was analyzing the data sent by them,\" Davies observed.These consultants like Kitco or CDB indulged in exporting expertise globally, will help Kerala to expand the markets for skilled human resources that is available in abundance in the state now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167417", "title": "Cops all set to keep colleges ragging-free", "text": "COIMBATORE: After no ragging incidents were reported in city colleges in the previous academic year, Coimbatore police is all set to make the ensuing academic year ragging free as well. Assistant commissioners of police in the city are meeting with officials of the city colleges to ensure coordinated steps to prevent ragging. City police commissioner AK Viswanathan said students can send SMSs and emails to him directly about any ragging attempt. Stringent action would be taken against the students who involve in ragging.\"Drop boxes have been placing in all the city colleges and the students can drop their complaints their. Anti-ragging posters will be pasted in the college campus to create awareness among them not to indulge in ragging,\" added Viswanathan. The students send mail or SMS to 9843100100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158499", "title": "Monsoon showers another 5-6 days away", "text": "NAGPUR: Weakening of the south-west monsoon current over Karnataka has delayed the monsoon from reaching Central India by another 5-6 days.Weathermen at the Regional Meteorological Centre ( RMC) in the city say that the monsoon current could revive in a few days and move towards Central India. The first spell of the monsoon current has already brought monsoon till Satara in western Maharashtra.Last year the monsoon had touched Nagpur on June 20 but this year it was expected to reach the region at least in the beginning of this week.\"The intermittent spell of rains is all pre-monsoon showers. The monsoon clouds have actually got dislocated all over. The local heating and formation of moisture has added to the cycle and different areas are getting scattered and scanty rain. Monsoon showers could reach the region in another 5-6 days,\" said PN Nandankar, deputy director general of regional meteorological centre in city said.Nandankar said that the data available with the met office shows that June 17 is the most frequent monsoon date in city in past 50 years. A look at the decade's data shows that monsoon was extremely delayed in 2006 when it touched city on June 26. In 2005, the monsoon was on time on June 12, but three years consecutively before that the monsoon had hit the city on June 24.In 2010, it had touched the city on June 16. From 2002-2004 the monsoon had reached the city on June 10, 19 and 15, respectively.Though the currents have weakened over Karnataka, the monsoon's revival is being visualized in a day or two which means it could reach the region or city in not more than a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14167383", "title": "Study on BRT: Experts debate CRRI methods", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a month after the Central Road Research Institute submitted an interim report on the revised traffic plan for the BRT corridor, the Delhi government and other transport agencies seem to be questioning the methodology applied for the study. Sources said questions over the surveys undertaken for the study had also been raised. A meeting on the interim report as well as CRRI's plans for the final report was held on Friday, said sources, adding that its officials were \"advised\" to look into the background of the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit corridor and consider the RITES report, which was the basis of BRT. Attending the meeting were representatives of the city government along with DIMTS, Delhi Police and UTTIPEC, the umbrella transport authority.\"The meeting was held to discuss certain issues with CRRI, which is finalizing its report. The research agency was asked to explain its methodology as well as the use of surveys that have been undertaken,\" a senior government official said. The discussions also saw the government agencies advise CRRI to consider the background of the existing BRT and how it came to be built after a Supreme Court order. The official added, \"CRRI has been asked to go through previous reports that were generated on the traffic and transport demands of Delhi like the RITES report.\" The RITES report recommends more than 30 bus rapid transit corridors to tackle the traffic demands of the city.According to officials, the meeting was an attempt to have a peer group evaluation of the report, as well as to understand certain aspects of the interim report. \"There were certain doubts like where the issue of passenger flow is being addressed in the final report. CRRI assured us that all aspects were being addressed. It has also agreed to go through relevant reports like the RITES report before it compiles the final report on the Ambedkar Nagar BRT,\" the official said.The reason for the meeting, added officials, was to ensure that all parameters were taken into account before CRRI comes up with its suggestions and improvements for the 5.8km stretch. \"The corridor needs to be looked at critically, especially as CRRI will be looking into future planning for the corridor. This was the observation that was passed on to CRRI,\" said the official. More such discussions are expected to be undertaken till the CRRI report is finalized, said the source. In March, the Delhi high court had directed the Delhi government to carry out a scientific study to ascertain the effectiveness of the BRT system, which has drawn criticism for causing traffic snarls. CRRI, which had been appointed on HC's directives, had submitted an interim report and asked for more time to submit a final report. This report is expected to be submitted in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14159134", "title": "Decision on medium of instruction is temporary: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the challenge on the medium of instruction (MOI) issue is not over for him, as educationally it is an important issue and the present decision is temporary.Recalling the challenge in trying to sort out the issue, he told reporters that an academic authority will be set up in a week's time to sort out the issue in the context of Section 29 (2) of the RTE Act, 2009.Section 29 (2) states that the medium of instruction shall, as far as practicable, be in child's mother tongue.The education sector was a disturbing one for a year due to the MOI issue, said the chief minister, who also holds the education portfolio.While pointing out that the run-up to drafting a decision on MoI was hectic, Parrikar said, \"I had to consult people of diverse views.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "divar", "code": "14158695", "title": "Crossing the line: Divar teens vandalize cemetery", "text": "DIVAR: Residents of the serene village of Piedade in Divar woke up on Friday morning to news of desecration and vandalization in the cemetery belonging to the parish church of Nossa Senhora de Piedade. However, the Old Goa police cracked the case in just eight hours after an offence was registered and arrested three teenagers, one of whom is a minor.While nine crosses put up on different graves were uprooted and thrown on the ground, nine human skulls preserved in a pit attached to the cemetery were taken and discarded at three different locations.The police said the incident occurred on Thursday night. Following a complaint lodged on Friday morning by Cajetan Silveira from Goltim Xim that six skulls were thrown in his residential premises, Old Goa PI Manoj Mardolkar rushed to the site with a posse of police.On thorough verification of the area around the cemetery, police stumbled on two skulls near the post office, about 300m from the cemetery, while one was found at the entrance of a park next to the cemetery.Parish priest Fr Anil Kumar was unaware of the incident until the complainant's wife, Luzia Silveira informed him. \"I had just finished celebrating the 7am mass when Luzia came and broke the news to me. The cemetery is always locked in the night. The miscreants might have gained their entry through the narrow opening near the pit or scaled the walls,\" Kumar told TOI.During the course of investigation, locals disclosed names of some boys who were seen moving suspiciously during odd hours at night. These boys were rounded up and during interrogation Terenz Gonsalves, 19, confessed to having committed the offence along with Jefry D'Costa, 18, and another 15-year-old boy, all residing in Divar. The trio also admitted that earlier on two to three occasions the complainant had scolded Gonsalves for roaming during odd hours, misbehaving in the village and for smoking and consuming alcohol at isolated places. It is also revealed that Gonsalves, is under the care of his aunt as his father works abroad and his mother is in Mumbai.All the three accused have been arrested. PSI Suraj Samant, head constable S P Dhure, and constables Sagar Malik, Nitin Goankar, Ruepesh Halarnkar, Paresh Naik and Pradeep Gaude assisted in detecting the case. SP (North) Vijay Singh also visited the spot and declared a reward to the police personnel.Further investigations headed by PI Manoj Mardolkar are in progress, under the supervision of SDPO- Bicholim DySP Gajanan V Prabhudessai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14162987", "title": "Biman flight returns to Dhaka with 'snag'", "text": "KOLKATA: A suspected snag in the engine of a Biman Bangladesh aircraft led to a flight returning from the city's doorstep. But when engineers in Dhaka could not detect any problem, the same aircraft did the Dhaka-Kolkata flight the second time on Friday.The Airbus A310 aircraft carrying 198 passengers was about to land in Kolkata around 10.40am when the pilot suspected a snag in the right engine. After hovering over Kolkata for a couple of minutes, the captain decided to return to Dhaka, as the airline's engineering base was located there. \"A snag in the engine is a major issue. Hence, returning to base is a better option that getting stranded in Kolkata,\" an official explained.In Dhaka, passengers were asked to disembark and a thorough check was conducted. When no snag was detected, the same aircraft left for Kolkata.A clarification: Air India has denied that its flight AI 744 had stalled on the Kolkata airport tarmac on Thursday evening due to engine problems. An airline spokesperson said the plane landed safely at 9.25pm and developed a nose wheel steering fault while taxing to the bay. \"There was no engine stall/failure during the flight and on ground after landing,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159621", "title": "Elevator new terror for parents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is quite natural for parents to be buffeted by anxiety while imagining their lone child crossing a busy street or cycling home amid traffic. But today, parents should fear the ubiquitous lift outside their doorsteps that are turning into deathtraps for the want of maintenance. In just one month three children - Deval Vora (11) of Vasna; Jitu Jat (12) of Chandlodia; and Rudra Sheth (7) of Adajan in Surat - were crushed to death by elevators. At least nine people were reported trapped in lifts in the state during this period, and were rescued by the fire department.Lifts malfunction frequently because builders acquire parts from the elevator market and construct their own machines of dubious quality. Besides, the business of lift maintenance has grown manifold, but is undermined by unqualified engineers who take up annual maintenance contracts for paltry fees. But what may shock you is that for more than 50,000 lifts in the state, there are just 35 agencies authorized to install and maintain them; while 43 agencies are responsible for only maintenance.It is the responsibility of the assistant lift inspector in every district to inspect the elevators every three years to renew licences. But here is the bitter truth - there are only six assistant lift inspectors for a city like Ahmedabad which has more than 15,000 lifts. Each lift inspector examines just 70 to 80 lifts in a year against the desired annual average of 833. The story is the same in other Gujarat cities.\"Today, societies across Gujarat pay less for lift maintenance. We are putting our lives and our children's lives at risk for making that measly saving,\" says a senior lift inspector. \"In many societies, residents of the first floor refuse to pay, some claim they only use the stairs, while the same family spends Rs 10 lakh on home renovation. This is criminal. The government departments are helpless as there has been no recruitment.\"The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had reported that in 2010-11, 5,878, lift licences had expired. Only 1,586 applications were made for renewal. This meant that in 2010-11, 4,292 lifts were operating without licences.The chief general manager of Consumer Education Research Center, K K Bajaj, says the government is criminally negligent about lift safety. \"Today, the lift inspector's office has no computerized system that reminds the officer of the names of societies or buildings whose licenses have expired,\" Bajaj said. \"They still flip files, while everything in the state has gone online. Today they work with a handful of staff which sometimes renew licences sitting in the office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163131", "title": "Fishing trawlers to get green engine", "text": "KOLKATA: The Force for Rural Empowerment and Economic development (Freed), along with the School of Oceanographic Studies in Jadavpur University and West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency, has launched a pilot project to replace diesel engines of fishing trawlers in the Sunderbans with hybrid solar-cum-wind power generating systems. The project was highlighted at the international seminar on climate change organized by Freed on Friday.\"Climate Change is a vast issue and we want all stakeholders to come forward and work together to provide a policy perspective to tackle the situation,\" said Freed secretary Somnath Pyne. The organization wants to achieve energy security through the use of renewable energies like solar and wind power. The pilot project is a green initiative that aims to develop and promote the use of renewable energy in a sustainable manner.Several issues and aspects of climate change and its adverse impact were discussed on the first day of the two-day seminar. The panelists discussed the perspective of climate change and the application of renewable energy with emphasis on resources available in South Asia.It was suggested in the seminar that a part of the MPLAD or MLA LAD fund be used for developing or implementing solar energy projects.\"It was proposed that 10% of the MP or MLA LAD fund be utilized for this purpose,\" Pyne said.During discussions, it was revealed that the Meghalaya chief minister has decided to distribute solar lanterns to all class X students in the state.Habibur Rahman, pro vice-chancellor of Bangladesh University for Engineering and Technology, shared his experience on the issue. The Bangladesh deputy high commissioner in Kolkata, Abida Islam, was also present at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14170118", "title": "Heatwave patients swarm hospitals", "text": "RANCHI: Patients are not getting beds at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) because of a huge rush of patients suffering from heat ailments. The rush could be seen every day at the outdoor department of the hospital.\"This year, the summer has wrecked havoc. It is extremely hot and we are receiving over 1,300 patients daily. Most of them are suffering from summer-related diseases,\" said S K Chaudhary, the medical superintendent of the RIMS.There are 900 beds at the RIMS. An estimated 1,400 patients are currently admitted to the hospital. There are 232 beds in the medicine ward of the hospital. All seats were occupied throughout in the last month. \"As there is a shortage of beds, many patients have to lie on the floor,\" said a doctor.RIMS head of the medicine department A K Mahto said all patients were being taken care of. \"Mainly cases of malaria , viral fever and summer diarrhoea are being reported,\" Mahto said.Doctors-Teachers Association secretary at the RIMS Prabhat Kumar said, \"The outdoors of medicine, paediatrics, dermatology and gynaecology are witnessing a huge load. The number has almost 60% increased.\"\"It looks as if the global warming has hit Ranchi in the worst kind of way it can affect any place. Historically, Ranchi was never so hot,\" said Ansari.At Apollo Hospital, too, patients suffering from high fever, viral infection, malaria, summer diarrhoea, allergy and other summer diseases are coming in more numbers. \"The hardest hit are the children,\" said Pranav Mandal.At another city hospital, Tabssum Alam Hosptial, too, the scene is similar. \"At times, we fall short of support staff and helpers to take care of the huge rush of patients suffering from summer-related diseases,\" said Tabssum Alam, head of the hospital. The number of patients suffering from skin rashes, allergies , sunburns, and other diseases is more than last year.Over 1,000 patients visited city's Kashyap Memorial Eye Hospital with complaints of irritation, burning sensation and itching in eyes. \"Eyes are the most exposed parts in the body. In summer, chances of cataract are also intense. Mainly children are suffering from the problems,\" said Bharti Kashyap, chief executive officer of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14166467", "title": "Chain snatched from peak-hour local at CST", "text": "MUMBAI: Raising questions about the safety of women commuters on Mumbai's local trains yet again, an unidentified man barged into the ladies compartment of a stationary local at CST during the evening peak hour on Thursday, and snatched a gold chain from a commuter. He managed to escape by hopping across the platform and crossing an adjacent empty rake, even as the victim raised an alarm. Incidentally, security at CST which houses offices of top railway officials has been very high post the 26/11 terror attacks.The incident took place around 5.15 pm when the complainant, Vinaya Panchal, was headed home to Vikhroli. Panchal, who is in her twenties, works at a stock broking office in Fort. She had boarded the second-class compartment of a Thane-bound local and was seated in the middle seat, adjacent to the window seat. \"I board the 5.16 pm local from platform 4 everyday and was chatting with co-travellers. Suddenly, a stranger entered the compartment and before I could react, snatched my 5gm gold chain and rushed back to the door. I shouted out but by the time I reached the door of the compartment, he had coolly walked across the platform, boarded an empty rake on platform 5 and exited from the other side. I regret not getting a proper look at his face.\"Panchal later approached the Government Railway Police (GRP) at CST to lodge a complaint. \"I asked the GRP to view footage from CCTVs on the platform and get images of the accused. But when the cops accompanied me back to the spot , they pointed out that it was a \"blind location\" where there were no CCTVs installed. I wonder if the thief was aware of this,\" Panchal said.Activist Sameer Jhaveri, who was travelling in the handicapped coach adjacent to the ladies compartment, said he saw Panchal raise an alarm through the partition between the compartments. \"My usual experience has been that cops aren't very keen on registering such cases and ask the complainant to fetch the original bill of the stolen jewellery. Few complainants are able to do that,\" Jhaveri said . CST GRP officials said there were no arrests made in the case yet .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "14168716", "title": "Gas crisis boosts sales of infrared, charcoal stoves in Mizoram", "text": "AIZAWL: Acute scarcity of cooking gas has hit Mizoram extremely hard as people are struggling to cook a day's meal. Alternative cooking devices have started selling like hot cakes with the perpetual scarcity of cooking gas.Theft of LPG cylinders have become more common than theft of mobile handsets and laptops and with the value of cooking gas increasing, theft cases have also increased, police said.A number of restaurants had to close down due to cooking gas shortage while some private hospitals, including the Greenwood Hospital, were forced to stop providing food to patients due to the scarcity.However, while the people at large and many establishments suffer, there are some businessmen who are reaping huge profits from the scarcity of cooking gas. Charcoal sellers in Aizawl said their sale has been much higher in the summer than last winter, which was recorded as the coldest winter in Mizoram.Mawii, a charcoal seller from the southern part of Aizawl city said her sales had increased by three folds compared to sales during winter and the cost of one bag of charcoal had increased from Rs 280 to Rs 350. \"Even after increasing the price, we cannot meet the charcoal demand as more and more people are forced to use charcoal as alternative fuel for cooking,\" she said.The sales of stores selling electrical stoves have also increased tremendously. An owner of a store selling electrical stoves said earlier they would sell around 100 'Infrared' stoves in half a year, but now 100 stoves are sold off within two to three weeks, even though one stove costs Rs 2,200 to Rs 4,000.Charcoal-based stoves made in Manipur, Meghalaya and locally are also selling like hot cakes. Employees of a travel agent in Aizawl had to purchase a charcoal-based stove for an official of the Lengpui airport as the official nearly died out of starvation due to the unavailability of cooking gas.An LPG cylinder costs around Rs 1,000 in the black market, but that too is impossible to find now even if you are willing to pay more.Intermittent power cuts in the state is only adding to the woes of the people here as the public health engineering department could not continuously pump water due to the frequent power cuts leading to scarcity of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "14169833", "title": "Parents construct temple for Kumbakonam fire victims", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Parents of the 94 children, who perished to death in a fire that struck a school in Kumbakonam in 2004, have constructed a temple in their memory. The temple will be consecrated on June 21.Even after eight years, the mishap on July 16, 2004 that had claimed the children's lives still haunts the parents. Adding to their woes, the inordinate delay in passing the judgment to punish 23 accused persons is further agonizing them.In addition to the children's park constructed in memory of the fire victims in Kumbakonam, about 25 families of the victims have come together and have taken the task of constructing the 'Amirtha Vinayagar' temple at their residential campus in Amirthapuram. The government had already awarded a housing plot each to 50 homeless parents of the 89 deceased children in Kumbakonam. Later, a charitable trust had constructed 25 houses in which they are residing. The colony was named after the trust.Recalling the horror, a roadside tea stall owner K Inbaraj, father of I Anandaraj and I Praveenraj who were charred to death in the fire accident said, \"We can never come out of the horrible moment till the end of our liveslife. However, the tragedy has made people from all religions live in harmony. So, we planned to construct a temple in our colony. The construction work was started in December 5, 2011 with our own funds in addition to donations from philanthropists.\"Inbaraj also rued, \"I thought the traditional school would have all the facilities and enrolled our children. But they took us for a ride and killed them.\"\"We feel that our children are still residing in our houses and we don't want to go to any temple outside. So, we have constructed the temple in our colony to see our children in the name of God,\" said R Mahesh (42), who lost his son, M Vignesh. The boy was charred to death after he saved the life of his younger sister M Indhumathi.Expressing disappointment over the delay in judgment, he said, \"The accident took place during the then AIADMK regime but the accused persons are still not punished. The souls of our children will rest in peace only if the law takes its course.\"Mala, the mother of another victim M Sushmitha said, \"We are eagerly awaiting judgment in the case, which would teach a lesson to everyone who commits the crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181071", "title": "Mum helped Charlize Theron adapt to parenthood", "text": "Charlize Theron has heaped praise on her mother, Gerda, for helping her adapt to parenthood.The Monster star has admitted that had it not been for her mum, she would have been struggling to balance film work with diaper duties.The 36-year-old star, who adopted baby Jackson at the age of four months in March, 2012, had to embark on a world tour almost immediately to promote her new movies 'Snow White and the Huntsman' and sci-fi thriller 'Prometheus'.Theron insisted that she is lucky to have her 59-year-old mum by her side to lend a hand and she credits the tot with bringing mother and daughter even closer.\"She has taken to the role of grandmother like a fish to water. I have moments where I look at her and go, 'Were you this nice to me?' It heightens your relationship, which is really bizarre because I didn't think I could get any closer to my mum. I would not be able to do this without her,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling People magazine.\"Right now, like any working mum, I've been just trying to figure out how to juggle everything. But I know what my priorities are. This is everything that I've dreamed of and about for a really long time,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164458", "title": "Dada\u2019s appeal divides NDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDA on Friday looked divided over Congress's appeal for supporting its nominee Pranab Mukherjee as President, with JD (U) reluctant about fielding a candidate against the finance minister.Even as a section within the BJP was keen on making a contest of the July 19 election, JD (U) leaders felt that it would be an exercise in futility achieving nothing except acrimony over a lost cause.Besides the adverse numbers, JD(U)'s scepticism is derived also from the Opposition's combine to find a candidate who can put up even a good symbolic fight. Former President A P J Abdul Kalam is unlikely to reluctant to enter the fray, and there is not enough excitement about P A Sangma, the BJD-AIADMK choice.But the BJP seemed reluctant to endorse Mukherjee straightaway .This was evident on Friday when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke to saffron stalwart L K Advani for Mukherjee. According to BJP sources, Advani told the PM that Congress should have taken the initiative earlier.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday did try to make up. \"It was never too late to make amends,\" BJP sources quoted him telling Advani. The tack did not work, at least not immediately, with some in the BJP arguing against the idea of cooperating with Congress. They are of the view that if government had tried for consensus \"across parties\" for its candidate to the Rashtrapati Bhawan, the scenario would be different. But to strike a deal with Congress, even to get the vice president's chair, and leave other parties out of the frame at this juncture may not work out to the Opposition's benefit keeping 2014 general elections in mind, is what BJP leaders feel.JD (U) was more positive in its response to the PM's appeal to party chief and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar. According to party sources, Yadav will speak forcefully for the need to avoid a contest when the group meets over the weekend to finalize its stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159251", "title": "Trip to Bangkok proves costly for Malad family", "text": "MUMBAI: A chemist from Malad, who visited south-east Asia with his family recently, was shocked to discover that cash and debit cards had vanished from his luggage.The victim, Satish Savla, came to know about the theft only after he returned to Mumbai. Satish suspects the theft took place during his stay at a hotel at Sukhumvitin in Bangkok . Burglars used the stolen debit cards, belonging to Satish and his daughter, to withdraw cash from a bank in Thailand.\"I cannot approach the police in Mumbai as the theft took place in Bangkok. I don't want to go back just to lodge a complaint,\" Satish said. \"Employees of the travel firm that took us on the tour say they can't do anything to help me either. I'm feeling helpless.\"Satish, his wife Leena and their children\u2014Priyank and Niyati\u2014left Mumbai for their holiday on May 22. They were to visit Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand\u2014which was the last stop of their foreign journey. On June 6, the family returned home and started unpacking. \"Niyati and I could not find our debit cards in our hand baggage. We searched the luggage and found that Rs 15,000 cash had also disappeared,\" Satish said. On June 8, Satish approached the bank that issued the debit card and was shocked to learn that Rs 18,880 each had been withdrawn from his and Niyati's bank accounts in Thailand.\"Since our cards were newly issued we kept the ATM PIN details in the luggage Moreover, the bank did not sent us a text message when the amount was debited,\" Satish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14158393", "title": "Automobile giants to participate in job fair", "text": "BHANDARA: An ideal platform is awaiting the jobless youths of the region as the JM Patel and RM Patel College will host a mega job fair on its premises in Bhandara on June 19 and 20. It is expected that more than 3,000 youths from technical stream will benefit from the fair. The fair is being organized under joint auspices of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) and Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMAI). The fair is being held at the behest of union heavy industries minister Praful Patel .The SIAM and ACMAI are the major associations working in automobile field of the country. Thirteen companies including Ashok Leyland , Honda Siel, Volkswagen, Tata Motors , General Motors , Toyota, Kirloskar are members of SIAM, while companies like Bharat Forge, Bharat Gears, Tata Yazaki, Rico Auto Industries are members of ACMAI.Principal of JM Patel and RM Patel College Dr Vikas Dhomane who is the chief coordinator of the job fair, said, \"We have received 3,500 applications till date. Every applicant will be given interview call. Those who have not received the calls will be accommodated in the interview process after their documents are verified. Special arrangements are being made for those who have not applied but want to appear for interview. We will see to it that no one is deprived of his right to seek a job.\"\"The interviews will be held on June 19 and 20 and each candidate will appear for interview of two companies. The selected candidates will be accommodated as apprentices, temporary or permanent employee of the company,\" Dhomane said, adding, \"I hope each applicant gets a job.\"It is the first mega job fair to be held in Bhandara where major automobile giants are participating. As many as 300 employees of Gondia Education Society are working for success of the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159304", "title": "Elevated rail corridor pact next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The railways will sign the state support agreement with Maharashtra next week for the Churchgate-Virar elevated rail corridor. The agreement will pave the way for inviting tenders before the end of the financial year.The project is based on the public-private partnership model and will be on design, build, finance, operate and transfer basis. Under the agreement, the state government will provide help on issues related to relief and rehabilitation, floor space index for commercial use of land, law and order among other things.\"After the agreement is signed next week, the request for proposal and request for qualification will be issued and tender will be finalized before end of the financial year,\" railway board chairman Vinay Mittal told reporters on Friday. Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation will also submit a proposal for the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus-Panvel elevated corridor by August.Mittal said the first air-conditioned rake on Mumbai suburban rail will run on Western Railway by 2013. \"Few services, that too experimental, will be introduced. Efforts are on to run the Churchgate-Dahanu service before March 2013.\"On extending the deadline for phasing out of CVMs beyond March 2013, he said, \"WR and CR are working to link the sale of coupons to the unreserved ticketing system. If we manage to link it, CVMs can continue on the suburban system.\" Mittal said they were in touch with Unesco officials for CST's makeover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14166011", "title": "B N Krishnaiah is new Mandya deputy commissioner", "text": "MANDYA: B N Krishnaiah took charge as the deputy commissioner of Mandya district here after P C Jaffer, outgoing DC, discharged his duties on Friday.In a brief chat, Krishnaiah said he would strive hard to develop Mandya district. \"For this, I shall soon convene a meeting of all people representatives, including district incharge minister and MP,\" Krishnaiah said.\"I shall be available to people all the time and solve their grievances. My acquaintance with the Mandya district will help me in developing the district by coordinating with media and people representitives,\" the DC said.Jaffer, who was transferred to horticulture department as director, said he was content with the work he had done in the district as a deputy commissioner. \"During my tenure, I cleared more than 2,800 acres of encroached government land. I disposed off more than 1,700 pending civil cases and 44,000 pending files,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14164970", "title": "One arrested for snatching NRI\u2019s bag", "text": "LUDHIANA: NRI Kulwant Kaur may never recover from the trauma of being robbed in her motherland but on Friday as police announced the arrest of one of the accused her family felt some sense of justice.Snatchers targeted Kulwant, a citizen of Norway on a visit in Ludhiana, on June 6 while she was returning from a relative's place in Rose Enclave on a cycle rickshaw in the afternoon. Kulwant had lost 35 'tolas' of gold, 73,000 Norwegian kroner, three passports, a mobile phone, a wristwatch and silver ornaments to the snatchers and was left terrorized. Her passport, passbooks and keys, which had also been stolen, were found by police near the crime spot after the incident.On Thursday, police arrested Sunny Arora of Haibowal, the main accused, and recovered 50,600 Norwegian kroner (currency), a mobile, two spectacles, a wristwatch, a gold necklace, a gold chain, four rings, silver ornaments and the motorcycle used for the crime.Kulwant's husband Jagjeewan Singh Grewal said the incident occurred only three days after their arrival in India. \"I couldn't believe this had happened with me in my motherland. I have been visiting India regularly over the last 32 years and invest here, but this incident has left us terrorized,\" said Jagjeewan, who runs a taxi service in Norway. He said Kulwant was carrying ancestral ornaments to be deposited in a bank. \"We wouldn't be able to forget this horrible incident. Even our relatives felt miserable after the incident,\" he added.Investigating officer Navreet Singh Virk said they arrested 22-year-old Sunny from Saggu Chowk. The other accused is still absconding. Virk said Sunny confessed to the crime. \"Two other snatching cases have also been registered against him in different police stations. He is a widower and used to work at a shoe showroom earlier,\" added Virk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14163296", "title": "Shibu Soren backs Gorkha Janmukti Morcha's Gorkhaland demand", "text": "DARJEELING: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has thrown its weight behind Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) to support the latter's demand for a separate state after the Shyamal Sen committee recommended inclusion of five mouzas in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) against GJM's demand for 396. The support from the JMM, an all-important tribal party, is significant given GJM's tussle with tribal outfit Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parishad (ABAVP) from the plains.JMM is positive that a separate state is possible as even Jharkhand was created after a strident fight. \"We managed to create Jharkhand. And we believe that GJM's demand for a separate state is justified and have decided to extend all support,\" Shibu Soren , former Jharkhand CM and JMM leader, said at a press conference in Darjeeling on Friday.Prior to addressing media persons, Soren held a closed door meeting with GJM leaders for over two hours. Though what transpired at the meeting could not be ascertained, sources said the leaders discussed the need for taking the Gorkhaland statehood demand to the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14178733", "title": "Digital driving tests for the state to start from Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state road transport offices (RTOs) will have specialized tracks for driving license tests in shape of 8. While the first track in the state will come to Gandhinagar RTO on pilot project basis later this month, other RTOs will follow the suit. Senior road and transport department officials said that the MoU to establish such tracks has already been inked.\"The digital track is one of the many projects undertaken by the state RTO in the recent time. It will have sensors to detect the movement of the two-wheeler or four-wheeler under examination. There will be several tests to ascertain whether the applicant knows how to drive, and he/she would be marked on the number of times they reported foul. If the number is more than the acceptable level, the applicant will be asked to reappear for the test,\" said JP Gupta, state transport commissioner.The move will radically change the way RTO functions. According to RTO officials, it will bring in more transparency. JT Bhatt, RTO Ahmedabad, told TOI that there have been times when applicants blame the RTO inspector for the poor results or opt for illegal ways to clear the process. \"However, with the fully automated system, the result generated will have minimal chances of errors. It will also reduce human intervention. The city will be the first in the state to get this system,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14168343", "title": "One in three adults in Maharashtra consumes tobacco", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtrians are highly knowledgeable about the ills of tobacco, with over 85% having some idea about the cancer-stick's killing ways. Yet the state remains one of the largest consumers of tobacco in the country and every third adult is hooked to the habit, says the Global Adult Tobacco Survey's fact sheet for Maharashtra.Statistics for the state were culled out of the two-year-old survey to highlight the worrying popularity of gutka. Over 28% of those surveyed were addicted to the substance, said the survey, which was released at Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH), Parel, on Friday.The idea was to seek a ban on gutka in Maharashtra. \"Legislation is important because the tobacco habit is responsible for 50% of all noncommunicable diseases in India. It is responsible for 40% of deaths here,\" said TMH director Dr Rajan Badwe.Experts and activists want the state government to ban gutka using the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, which was notified for implementation from August 5, 2011. Madhya Pradesh, Kerala and Bihar have already banned gutka.Dr P C Gupta of Healis Sekhsaria Institute of Public Health, which was a part of the survey, said, \"It is worrying that the average age of initiation has been steadily falling; 64.6 % of tobacco users consume tobacco in the first 30 minutes of waking up.\"Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, a senior doctor at TMH, said that as per the survey, nearly two crore Maharashtrians aged above 15 consumed smokeless tobacco. \"By WHO criteria, every second tobacco user dies prematurely because of tobacco. Therefore, millions of Maharashtrians could die prematurely because of smokeless tobacco.\"He said tobacco--both smoking and smokeless variants--are as much a drain on the economy as they are a health hazard. \"Treatment of cancer runs into lakhs. This loss on healthcare expenditure will be to the tune of billions of rupees.\"Incidentally, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, though not present at the release of the report, said in a letter, \"The Maharashtra government is well aware of the situation and has initiated strong steps to curb the menace of smoking. We have notified all provisions of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003, and are committed to take strict action against all violators. With the proposed introduction of the gutka ban, we are looking forward to a tobacco-free Maharashtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164092", "title": "Power demand touches new high", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely a fortnight after recording the highest power consumption, the capital created a new record on Friday by consuming 5,265 MW power at around 2:36pm in the afternoon. Officials said that as long as the afternoon temperature continues to remain hot, the power demand will remain high and can possibly increase.The electricity demand in the city is directly related to the weather. Friday's maximum temperature went up to 43.5 degrees Celsius \u2014 four degrees above normal \u2014 while the minimum was three degrees above normal at 31.5 degrees Celsius. Humidity ranged between 19% and 42%.\"Delhi has seen higher temperatures this season but 44 degrees is also very high. We are not expecting much change in the weather in the next couple of days. Saturday might just be a little warmer with a predicted maximum temperature of 44 degrees,\" said a Met official.On June 1, the city recorded an electricity consumption of 5,178 MW. \"Considering that the increase in consumption since June 1 is almost 100 MW, this means there is a significant increase in the usage of air-conditioners and coolers across the city. Nearly every household in Delhi had their air-conditioners on at the time the peak demand was recorded,'' said an expert.Discoms claim they were able to meet this demand, though there were complaints of short interruptions in power supply in some areas. Colonies like Dwarka, Rajouri Garden, Gulmohar Park among others reported power cuts lasting 10-20 minutes twice or thrice during the day, but mostly the situation was in control.Fortunately for Delhiites, the city's internal power generation has started going by 250 MW from the power station in Bawana. The plant had not been able to generate to capacity due to a shortage of gas in the recent past. It was only in the last few days that the station had started generating again after Delhi government approached the Centre to get gas for the Bawana plant.Discoms are anticipating a peak power demand of 5,400 MW this year and coming weeks will bear testimony to whether the city is prepared to meet such high demand. On Friday, the power demand in south and west Delhi areas was 2132 MW, while it was 1341 MW in east and central Delhi. In north and northwest Delhi, the peak demand was approximately 1400 MW.As per official figures, the power demand in the city in the year 1905 was just 2 MW which had increased to 27 MW in 1947. The peak demand had touched 1,536 MW in 1992, while in 1997 it increased to 2,303 MW and further to 2,879 MW in 2001.This year, a new peak demand has been reached four times and according to experts, July will be the time when the final peak is expected to be recorded due to high humidity and constant use of air-conditioners .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14168272", "title": "Maharashtra to ban gutka, paan masala soon", "text": "A week after senior NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said so, the state government is all set to ban gutka and paan masala across Maharashtra. It has been observed that consumption of such tobacco products is the main cause of oral cancer.According to a senior public health bureaucrat, the government will invoke the provisions of the landmark Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, to ban the products. \"Under the act, the food safety commissioner has all powers to ban gutka and paan masala. But since this will be a major policy decision, it will be brought to the notice of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and also Pawar. We are sure we will be able to enforce the ban as early as possible,\" he said.Elaborating on the provisions of the act, the bureaucrat said that under section 30, the food safety commissioner has the powers to prohibit--in the interest of public health--the manufacture, storage, distribution and sale of any article of food either in the whole of the state or a part for a period not exceeding one year. But the act has a provision, called rule 2.3.4, according to which tobacco and nicotine should not be used as ingredients in any food products. This essentially means that tobacco products can be banned.The bureaucrat said that in the wake of a protest lodged by anti-tobacco activists and also Ajit Pawar's commitment, a comprehensive proposal to ban gutka and pan masala had been submitted to the government. \"It is the responsibility of the food safety commissioner to enforce the ban in letter and spirit. Once the proposal is approved, all measures will be taken to prevent the sale of gutka and pan masala across the state.\"On the financial implications of the decision, the bureaucrat said that the state garnered well over Rs 100 crore by way of sales tax on gutka and pan masala.A decade ago, the government had invoked provisions of the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, 1954, to ban the two products on similar grounds. Subsequently, more than a dozen manufacturers of the products had shifted their units to neighbouring states. A section of manufacturers had even challenged the ban in the Bombay high court and the Supreme Court.Now that this act has been repealed, and a new law has come into force (on August 5, 2011) it has been proposed to invoke it to ban gutka. \"We have carefully studied the ban order promulgated by Madhya Pradesh and Kerala. We will ensure that there are no loopholes in our proposal,\" the bureaucrat said. \"Simultaneously, we will study the observation of the apex court, which has made it clear that tobacco and nicotine shall not be used as ingredients in any food products. Our information is that the court has stated that gukta and pan masala are food products.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "it's the \"transition period\" that is causing a stink in three wards in the city", "code": "14168422", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation says garbage collection will improve in a few days", "text": "It's the \"transition period\" that is causing a stink in three wards in the city: N (Ghatkopar), S (Bhandup) and T (Mulund). With tempers against collection of garbage refusing to die down, the civic administration on Friday promised that the situation would improve in a few days. Many, however, slammed the civic administration and ruling saffron alliance for letting the situation go out of control.The standing committee members' delay in approving garbage collection contracts, which expired on May 31, has led to the problem. New tenders have been floated and contractors have been appointed but the mobilization period required by contractors is two to six months.To cover the mobilization period, the civic administration floated a proposal to extend contracts of existing contractors. Civic chief Sitaram Kunte had to step in for a bailout.The 24 wards have been divided into seven zones. The civic administration says the problem has been with only one zone as 35% contractors' vehicles were in a bad shape and had to be left out of the extension contracts. New agencies had to be appointed for the three wards. With inadequate compactors required for garbage collection, the situation worsened. \"Things will iron out in a few days, \" said additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani. Congress MLC Charan Singh Sapra said party workers will collect garbage and throw it at the doorsteps of Sena leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14179416", "title": "Railways to construct dormitory at Ludhiana railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: For the convenience of the commuters the authorities are mulling the idea to construct a dormitory at the city railway station because there is no place where passengers can stay overnight. The divisional railway manager NC Goyal has asked the commercial officers for preparing a proposal that would be forwarded to the Delhi headquarter for the approval. The commuters have been demanding for dormitories at station where they can stay during night time.There are four retiring rooms at the station out of which two are air-conditioned while the other two are simple rooms. On an average the occupancy of these rooms is around 60% for 12 hours but for 24 hours it is only 25%. Being the hub of industry the city is mostly is visited by the industrialist and delegates from other parts of the country and they prefer such place from where they could easily return to their city. But when it comes to see the condition of the retiring rooms there are least facilities for them so they prefer staying at some other place.\"People have several reasons to come to the city and sometimes they have to stay here but there is hardly any place for the same and r etiring rooms are not up to the mark and the authorities have not provided any kind of budget hotel here,\" said Rahul Jain a passenger.\"Ludhiana is A class station and facilities that are required on such category station would be provided. The officials have been told to prepare proposal and we would definitely do something for the same,\" said NC Goyal DRM Ferozepur rail division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164604", "title": "Delhi claim under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the tussle over water between Delhi and Haryana, the latter seems to have done a better job in convincing central officials. Sources in the central government say that based on reports they have received from both states over the water shortage in the capital, they are inclined to more easily accept Haryana's position. What works to Delhi's advantage, however, is Haryana's past record where it has often cut supply to the city without cause or provocation.Upper Yamuna River Board officials carried out an inspection at the affected water treatment plants on Friday and will issue a report shortly. HK Sahu, member secretary UYRB said: \"We have so far been relying completely on the data being provided by both states. Based on that it seems that Haryana is releasing sufficient water and Delhi is receiving less. Someone is obviously twisting facts. We are now asking the Central Water Commission to carry out an inspection and check levels.\"However, sources added that two years earlier when Delhi had complained of dropping levels at the Haiderpur water treatment plant, testing by CWC had shown that Haryana's claims of providing sufficient water were true. \"We don't think the system has changed since then and it is doubtful that Haryana's calculations are flawed. In another inspection carried out on Friday, it was noted that Haryana was in fact releasing 575 cusec. In that case, about 480-485 cusec should be getting to Delhi and the city needs only 425 cusec to run its plants properly. If despite that there is a shortage in supply, there is something wrong,\" said a government official.Officials did concede that Haryana might have increased supply for the duration of their visit. \"It is possible that supply levels were increased for a short period but if that is true then Haryana is really going to great lengths to fool the government,\" said sources.Meanwhile, as Haryana government said that they were releasing more water to Delhi than they ever had and the shortfall was an issue of \"internal mismanagement\", Delhi Jal Board said the city was facing a shortfall of about 45 million gallons per day at the Wazirabad and Haiderpur WTPs.\"Areas that have been affected by the shortfall in the Haiderpur WTP are west, northwest and southwest Delhi. Additionally, the pond level at Wazirabad is two feet below the normal level of 672.8 feet which has affected production at the Wazirabad WTP. If levels fall any further then production at the Chandrawal plant will also be hit. Areas affected by this shortfall are central, north and southwest Delhi, parts of Delhi Cantt, and NDMC areas,\" said a DJB official.Apart from rationalizing supply, DJB has also deployed a fleet of 1,000 tankers to supply water to affected areas. \"Our case is very clear. With the same amount of water, we had no major crisis in 2011. This year there are more areas added to our network but our efficiency has also increased. Unless the supply to us has been reduced, why would there suddenly be such a problem,\" said a DJB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14179574", "title": "Sneha understands world music : Manoj Bajpai", "text": "After getting rave reviews and a standing ovation at Cannes, Anurag Kashyap's 'Gangs Of Wasseypur' is all set for a theatrical release in India. And as the promos have hit the air, it's the 'I am a hunter' song that's caught everybody's fancy - for its naughty lyrics, it's tune and the vocals too!Ask Manoj Bajpai about this and he says, \"Many of our folk songs have double meanings and our film takes you into the heartland of Bihar, so yeah a lot is drawn from there. But more than that I am just impressed with Sneha Khanwilkar who has given this music. Look at 'Oye Lukcy Lucky Oye' - you dont notice the music as different from the film - it gels so well. Thats why I feel she is one composer who understands world music. She can blend the rustic with the modern and yet not drift from the script. In fact, I think that the music has an important part in lending a certain flavour to the film. You'll realize it when you see the film.\"Explaining the need to make the film in two parts, Manoj says, \"Anurag felt right from the beginning that this film needs to be made in two parts. It's about how revenge, crime is inherited and the two parts made this aspect clear. I guess when people watch the film they will see how this works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174412", "title": "B\u2019wood sways to Patiala gharana", "text": "Considered to be one of the last of the great Patiala gharana, Ustad Hamid Ali Khan represented an era of 'Pure' music and was one of the most sought after classical singers in Pakistan.In fact, he is one of the few Pakistani artists to have won the Presidential Award more than once. And now his three sons - Walli Hamid Khan, Nayab Ali Khan and Inam Ali Khan will be making their Bollywood debut with a song titled Mankunto Maula in Kabir Kaushik's Sonu Sood, Neha Dhupia and Naseeruddin Shah starrer Maximum.At a private party held last week, TOI bumped into the three boys. Their song - a mix of rock and classical - intrigued us. When asked, they revealed they had arrived in Mumbai on the 9th of this month and a track that had been picturised on them in Pakistan is now being used in an upcoming Bollywood film. The song was a last minute addition to the production.\"We have a band called Raga Boyz and we perform around the world. We are from the legendary Patiala Gharana. We are the ninth generation,\" said Nayab. Explaining why it wasn't easy for them to perform solo, Walli told TOI, \"We have been trained in different forms of music. I am a pop rock singer and Nayab has learnt classical and semi-classical music. Inam, on the other hand is hardcore classical. If one of us gets unwell, it becomes difficult for us to perform.\" About their first Bollywood venture, Inam said, \"We shot the video in our country. It has been retained in the film Maximum. The track, Mankunto Maula was recorded in a studio in Pakistan as well.\" Raga Boyz have done shows in London , China and have even performed with Shakira last year. \"Classical is not something everyone likes. So we try to mix rock with classical,\" said Walli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163670", "title": "Aggressiveness a symptom: Experts", "text": "KOLKATA: Sudden aggression and a tendency to lapse into a fit of rage, often prompting an individual to launch a brutal physical assault are typical to patients of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplacia (CAH), according to experts.Triggered by a hyper-secretion of male hormone adrenalin, the condition is classified as a form of Disorder of Sexual Differentiation (DSD) and leads females to develop male physical attributes and behaviour. CAH patients were also likely to suffer from severe bouts of depression or euphoria since they considered themselves 'different' and often had no acceptability in society. The traits are similar to that of Pinki Pramanik, say experts who was arrested for an assault on her partner and remanded in jail custody for 14 days on Friday.DSD is genetic and the first symptoms could be evident in a child as early as three years to four years. Psychological repercussions follow soon since a child needs to have a sexual identity by the time he or she is five years old. \"That is the time when a child has to know its gender. If it can't, then the child starts feeling isolated. It grows with time and could be irreversible by the time it reaches adolescence,\" said medical genetic consultant Kaushik Mondol.Like Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), which leads a male to have female features, CAH was 'correctible' to a large extent, said doctors. But parents must take the initiative to act early in case either of the two conditions or any other form of gender abnormality was detected, they suggested.\"Parents need to consult a specialist and the child as well. First, you need to conduct the mandatory sex determination tests to identify the dominant physical traits. Then, the patient has to be counselled and his or her preference found out. Then, you need to commence a hormone supplement course which has to be eventually followed by a corrective surgery. This could take a few years, but it has to be ensured that it's completed by adolescence. Else, the psychological scars of isolation might persist. The bottomline is that an individual needs to have a definite sexual identity by adolescence,\" says Mondol.Even though awareness has gone up and scores of parents were now getting their children treated for DSD, the society remains insensitive, says pshychiatrists. It resulted in a large number of youngsters shying away from treatment and eventually turning aggressive and violence-prone. \"They are forced to suppress their natural urges which lead to pent-up frustration. It could turn them into sadists. In Pinki's case, it seems she predominantly had male hormones. If the athlete is indeed suffering from CAH, then she is obviously suffering, both physically and psychologically,\" said psychiatrist Amarnath Mallik.A study by the department of behavioural and social sciences, Southern Illinois University, says females with CAH are \"more masculine, play more with boys' toys, are more likely to use aggression in conflicts and scored lower on measures related to empathy, intimacy and social relations\". They were also less likely to be engaged in a heterosexual relationship, it added. \"These traits are easily identifiable but still there's a tendency to ignore them. It's usually late by the time parents react and the patient is left to suffer,\" said Mallik.Santhi Soundarajan, who competed in the 2006 Asian Games along with Pinki, faced a similar sex determination test which she had failed. Silver medal winner of the women's 800m race at the Doha games, she was stripped of her medal. While such sex tests are not compulsory for athletes, the International Association of Athletics Federations can request that contenders take such tests at any time. It was later reported that Santhi might have been born with AIS. It leads to the existence of a 'Y' chromosome in phenotypic females (typically only associated with a male genotype) and results in an inability to respond to Androgens. This unresponsiveness leads to a female body without female internal sex organs. Although the body produces testosterone, it does not react to the hormone.Addressed on time and in the proper way, DSD patients could lead a normal life. CAH can be identified even in a foetus and treated before birth. It's possible to change sex to an extent that will be satisfactory for the patient, said experts. The interim period could be traumatic for some as the aggressive instincts are often heightened by anxiety during treatment.\"In many cases, a surgery doesn't have the desired result. Then we counsel patients and tell them to be patient and make the best of the situation. Surgery can be done in stages. In a vast majority of cases, it turns out to be successful,\" said Abhinibesh Chatterjee, gynaecologist. Mondol warned that it could frustrating for people with both male and female features. \"You can't have two beings residing in you, either physically or mentally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167665", "title": "Mystery over woman's death in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mystery shrouded the death of a 40-year-old woman whose charred body was found inside her house in a village in Mohanlalganj on early Friday. The deceased was identified as Manju, a resident of Bhasaddha in Mohanlalganj.Manju's husband Ramdev claimed that his wife had set herself afire.The police said Manju was Ramdev's second wife. The couple had been married for three years. Ramdev's first wife Guddi also lived nearby along with her children. It was also Manju's second marriage.Ramdev, a driver, told the police that he had gone on a booking to a marriage function on Thursday night. When he returned home at around 5am on Friday, he saw smoke billowing out of his house. He first searched for his wife outside and then entered the house after fire was doused and saw the charred body of Manju inside a box. He then informed the village pradhan and latter informed the police.Ramdev told the police that he had an altercation with Manju on Thursday evening after he gave some money to his son from first wife. After the altercation, Ramdev left the house for the marriage booking, he told the police.It appears that Manju first poured diesel on the clothes kept in a large box and set them afire. And then jumped into the box.However, Ramdev's claims have come under scanner. One, why did Manju pour diesel on the clothes kept inside the box when she could have poured the diesel on herself to end her life. Secondly, when Ramdev spotted smoke billowing out of his house, why did he wait for fire to extinguish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "14158884", "title": "100 days of Parrikartan", "text": "GOA: The first 100 days of his second tryst with power have been busier than ever for chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Getting a full mandate of 21 seats-and officially having the support of over 28 MLAs in the 40-member assembly-has definitely helped. After all, in the state that has given the country the anti-defection law, not having to spend too much energy on politicians conspiring to destabilize the government, means you have the time to concentrate on running the government.And run, is something Parrikar does well. Some bureaucrats are seen working late hours just to keep in pace with the chief minister. Being a workaholic, Parrikar devotes long hours to \"putting systems in place and coming out with something new\", says a close aide. The weekly cabinet meetings are an indication of how hard he pushes the administration to work.Political watchers aren't all that impressed though. \"His main objective is to keep everyone happy,\" says Lokancho Adhar's Trajano D'Mello, who has also been a former spokesperson for both, Congress and NCP.Physician-activist Oscar Rebello adds, \"Team Parrikar and his team of novices (most in the cabinet are first-time ministers) are trying hard to address Goa's herculean problems. But instead of saying I will do it for you, the chief minister should say we'll do it for you. He must take all-the ministers, MLAs, and people-along.Parrikar's decision to reduce petrol by Rs 11.50 has been widely acclaimed. But there are a few who have looked at it in perspective. NCP general secretary Avinash Bhosale says, \"The deficit Parrikar created by reducing VAT on petrol, he recovered by increasing taxes on other things like alcohol, cigarettes, etc. This is nothing but robbing Peter to pay Paul. But he has time and, hopefully, will give us good governance.\"Former member of the Goa law commission Cleofato Coutinho adds that the government must put an end to populism to help the state economy grow at a good pace.Analysts say that while the chief minister has done largely well, he has lost some marks-over the controversial appointment of the information commissioner, the delay in taking decisions on the medium of instruction (MoI) and the Regional Plan (RP) 2021, the unceremonious exit of the IAS-cadre excise commissioner, the unprecedented expenditure on the swearing-in ceremony, the reduction of the entry fee to casinos from Rs 2,000 to Rs 500...Sources say the Sangh Parivar is not happy with the way the BJP chief minister has tried to please the minorities. On the MoI issue, in the pro-Marathi camp, embers are still hot and protagonists may be waiting for an opportunity to protest. Coutinho however supports Parrikar's decision on MoI as \"correct and pragmatic\".Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik has also put the chief minister in an embarrassing position by stating that he would invite Parrikar to launch his outfit's branch in Goa. There have been angry reactions and both Rebello and D'Mello say the chief minister must ensure that there is no place for such fundamentalist elements in Goa.Then there's the fact that there is virtually no opposition to the BJP government from Goa's main opposition party-Congress. Besides party spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu, it's been largely Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco who has been the voice of the opposition.Corruption is an issue Parrikar is yet to take up strongly. His argument is that once the Lokayukta is appointed, law will take its own course. \"But without the Lokayukta too, corruption can be curbed by taking the corrupt to task. But this has not happened yet, despite the fact that before the elections assurances were made to punish those responsible for looting the state,\" D'Mello points out.Parrikar's one-man show act and his old habit of not taking criticism lightly may also blunt his image. He has reacted strongly to reports that the law department has shot down his proposal to impose entry fee on commercial vehicles coming into the state and also to reports that he sanctioned five new luxury cars for new ministers.Bhosale has alleged that the BJP government lacks transparency and Parrikar dominates completely: \"It's only Parrikar, Parrikar, Parrikar. His cabinet ministers are not seen at all.\" Some of his own MLAs, including a few ministers, seem to be in the dark on his scheme of things, sources add.Accessibility to cabinet notes during the briefings is also difficult, unlike under the Digambar Kamat-led regime where journalists could rummage through cabinet files.On appointments to high positions in the government, D'Mello points out that Parrikar had said that he would appoint experts and persons with integrity, but yet, he has decided to appoint P R Nadkarni as information commissioner and Narendra Savoikar and Dattaprasad Kholkar, members of the core group of BJP, as law commission chief and deputy chairman of planning board.All's not that hunky dory at home either, with discontentment seen among a few MLAs even as the chief minister had built bridges with GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, that too for ten years. Sources say that differences within the ruling coalition are also palpable as BJP hardliners have differences with alliance partner, MGP.Rebello, once a very prominent anti-government voice, concludes, \"Whatever one might say, Parrikar is getting to do the right thing and is certainly better than the earlier government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14166962", "title": "Residential quarters planned for doctors posted in rural areas", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to strengthen the healthcare system in the state that is falling apart in the absence of doctors in the rural areas, the government has decided to lure the doctors by providing more facilities -constructing residential quarters for them in the rural areas - so that they could stay there to offer their services.Under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), the government would spend Rs 24,396 lakh on new constructions and renovations, which also include construction of various wards, labour rooms and other construction work up to the sub-centre level. The Centre has approved the proposals of the state government for construction of residential facilities for doctors and medical staff in the state programme implementation plan (PIP) 2012-13.The residential facilities would also be constructed not only for doctors but also for auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) at the level of sub centres in identified delivery points.NRHM mission director (Rajasthan) Gayatri Rathore said, \"The residential quarters for the doctors and para medical staff will provide them a better place to live. Also, they will be available near the hospitals so that they could be called in emergency situations to the hospital.\"Under PIP 2012-13, as many as 860 residential quarters in 322 primary health centres would be constructed. These PHCs have been identified on the basis of deliveries reported. At these identified PHCs, the average delivery is less than 50 per month. At three PHCs with deliveries more than 100 every month, eight residential quarters will be constructed, and 79 residential quarters would be constructed near 37 PHCs with average delivery reported is between 50 to 100 per month.A medical health and family welfare department official said the construction of residential facilities for doctors and para medical staff would be done as per the Indian Public Health Standards (IPHS) norms.All Rajasthan In service Doctors Association (ARISDA) general secretary Dr Nasrin Bharti said, \"Majority of the doctors posted in rural areas live in rented accommodation. The availability of water and electricity is always a problem there. We also wrote to the state government demanding construction of residential quarters for the doctors posted in rural areas. Because of the lack of facilities in rural areas, doctors often shy away from providing their services.\"Besides, around 179 residential quarters at 33 community health centres would also be constructed.The state government would spend Rs 1200 lakh for the construction of residential facilities for ANM at sub-centres in the identified delivery points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158541", "title": "Civic hospitals face shortage of specialists", "text": "NAGPUR: The hospitals run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation are ridden with problems. TOI reported on Thursday how NMC's maternity hospital at Pachpaoli is a picture of filth and unhygienic conditions. The lack of specialists at the hospital, which is meant to serve the economically weaker section, is actually adding to the woes of patients.Pragati Dehankar (name changed) was admitted to Pachpaoli Maternity Hospital after she went into labour. Hailing from an economically poor family, Pragati was admitted to the corporation hospital where delivery is almost free.But, Dehankars received a jolt when the hospital authorities informed them to keep Rs 3000 ready towards fees for visiting specialists including an anaesthetist and a paediatrician. As both the specialists play a vital role pre and post delivery, Dehankars somehow arranged the amount.Dehankars are not the only ones made to shell out money. Due to lack of specialists, patients are even made to pay Rs 300 a day to a paediatrician for regular check-up of their newborn. However, it shows how the lack of specialists continues to plague corporation hospitals across the city.The shortage of specialists at the Pachpaoli hospital has been there for more than a decade, but the NMC had miserably failed to make amends.Due to the vacant posts of specialist paediatricians, orthopedicians, ophthalmologists, dentists, anaesthetists and radiologists, there is just a trickle of footfalls of poor patients at these hospitals for treatment. Besides, the hospital lacks a neonatal intensive care unit. Expecting mothers, especially those who experience premature pain, are forced to go to private hospitals.Ravindra, husband of a another expecting mother admitted to the hospital, told TOI that doctors asked him to shift his wife either to Daga Hospital or to a private hospital which has a neonatal intensive care unit.As his wife had experienced pain even before the expected date, he took her to the corporation hospital. However, doctors suggested him to take her to government hospital.He said that doctors in the hospital cannot be blamed, but at the same time, it is the negligence of the corporation. \"It is unfortunate that NMC hospitals do not have specialist doctors. Rich can afford specialist doctors. What should poor people do in such a situation,\" he said and urged the people's representatives to take initiatives to appoint at least honorary specialists.Sources said that the demand for specialists and high salaries paid by private hospitals in the city made it difficult for corporation hospitals to attract specialists. A senior NMC health officer admitted the lack of specialists had become the cause of harassment to patients and said that the civic body is all set to appoint specialists on honorary basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159377", "title": "'Schizophrenic' accused seeks bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the undertrial prisoners in the 2008 serial blasts case, Naved Qadri, has sought bail on the ground of mental illness. Designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik has kept hearing on his plea on June 29.Qadri was arrested from the city in 2008 by the city crime branch. A chargesheet was filed against him along with the suspects nabbed 20 days after the bombings rocked the city in July 2008. Since his arrest, Qadri has been lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail and the state government has invoked section 268 of CrPC against all serial blasts accused restricting their movement outside the prison.Qadri's lawyers said that his family came to know about his strange behaviour in prison. They knew that he was facing some serious psychological problems, but the jail authorities never informed them despite repeated queries. Finally, when information was sought under the RTI laws, the Civil Hospital authority had to furnish a certificate, in which Qadri had been diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia.One of the defence lawyers, Khalid Shaikh , said that on the basis of this medical certificate, a bail application was filed requesting the special court to permit Qadri to go and live with his family, where he can be cured.The first charge sheet filed by the crime branch in this case contains a statement of an anonymous woman who happened to be Qadri's acquaintance from school days. An IT professional, the girl told cops that a month before the terror strike, Qadri called her and gave a couple of CDs containing Jihadi videos. Qadri even asked her if killing of women and children was justified. The girl claimed that she never saw Qadri again. tnnMeanwhile, the Gujarat high court (HC) rejected a bail plea filed by another serial blast accused Hasib Raza Saiyed earlier this week. HC has also directed the special court to complete the trial in this four-year old case within a year.Designated judge Yagnik has kept first week of July to initiate trial in this case. Till date 71 persons have been arrested in this case from 11 different states across the country, while more than 20 are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167923", "title": "Shiv Sena slams \u2018Satan\u2019 Dhoble for raids", "text": "MUMBAI: Saamna, the Shiv Sena mouthpiece, has slammed Mumbai's 'moral cop' Vasant Dhoble for the menacing manner in which he is policing the city's night life. Describing Dhoble as 'Satan', Saamna said in a leader comment on Friday, \"The assistant police commissioner has brought small entrepreneurs and hoteliers to woe.... Dhoble keeps visiting eateries and pubs and wields his lathi or hockey stick to humiliate the patrons. He even thrashes hotel managers and waiters.\" The Shiv Sena morninger demanded Dhoble's transfer.Saamna recalled the recent case in which two sisters were picked up by the police during a raid on Masala Curry in Andheri (W). The two women, who were accused by the police of being involved in prostitution, have filed a petition in the Bombay High Court seeking a compensation of Rs 1 crore each.Saamna said Mumbai's prestige as an international city and financial capital should not be tampered with. \"Mumbai is a 'maya nagari' with a colourful life of its own. People get attracted to this city. Mumbai's ethos should be kept alive. No need to turn the city into a dead body.\"The Saamna editorial came as a surprise to old-time Sainiks who would swoop down on bars and nightclubs under the leadership of the late Pramod Navalkar. Also, in his heyday, Sena supremo Bal Thackeray would from time to time issue 'aadesh' to his followers to rise up against \"corrupt\" Western influence, like Valentine's Day. Matoshree's change of heart is being attributed to Aditya Thackeray, the party's youth leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168530", "title": "Three students bag first position", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three students bagged the first position in the Seba-conducted HSLC examinations this year. The results for the examination were declared on Friday. Bhaswati Deka, a student from St Mary's School, Maligaon, Gyandeep Sarma from Bokakhat in Golaghat district and Stuty Khound from Biswanath Chariali in Sonitpur district topped the HSLC examinations this year. The three students scored 569 out of 600.City topper Bhaswati Deka, who is presently in Delhi, said, \"I am overwhelmed as I never thought that I would top the exam. However, I was hopeful that I would be amongst the top five,\" she said. She is presently in Delhi taking engineering coaching from an institute and will come back to the city next week.Her mother, Dipika Haloi Deka said, \"It feels good as every guardian would want their child to do well. I am extremely happy that her hard work paid off.\"Seven students from Guwahati were placed in the merit list this year. Other than Bhaswati Deka, the other toppers from the city were Neha Sharma from Holy Child High School, who bagged fourth position with 564 marks, Priti Parmita from Assam Jatiya Vidyalaya and Ipsita Das from Happy Child High School were placed sixth with a score of 562.The tenth position was again bagged by three students, Ankur Jyoti Goswami from Assam Jatiya Vidyalaya, Sarah Imran from St Mary's School, Guwahati and Himakshi Boro from St Mary's School, Maligaon.Ipsita Das of Happy Child High School, who was placed sixth said, \"I wasn't expecting this at all as this time there were a lot of anomalies in the examination and I was very upset when I got to know about the incident of cow swallowing answer sheets. But, as they say, all is well that ends well.\"While some toppers have already started to plan their next step and have moved out of the city, others are still planning their next step.Himakshi Boro of St. Mary's School, Maligaon, who bagged the tenth position said, \"While I want to study Science and join IIT if I get through, I am still not sure whether I would opt for Seba or CBSE. I was waiting for the results to be out, so now lets see what is lined up for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14162628", "title": "Buyers want action to avoid future obstacles", "text": "NOIDA: Intensifying their campaign against Greater Noida Authority, homebuyers of Noida Extension on Friday wrote to the chairman, Rakesh Bahadur, requesting him to ensure early clearance of Master Plan 2021. Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA) have asked for immediate settlement of issues related to farmers' compensations to avoid complications so that construction of flats can resume once the plan is cleared.Homebuyers have highlighted the objections raised by NCRPB and asked the Authority to rectify them. \"NCRPB has objections regarding population density and recreational green area. We requested the chairman to ensure that things pointed out be incorporated in the Master Plan,\" said Devender Kumar, founder of NEFOMA.The planning board has raised objections to the provisions proposed by the Authority on projected population density of Greater Noida. The Authority, through its letter dated May 18 to NCRPB had proposed that \"the density of group housing flats sold has been increased from 350 people per hectare (pph) to 700 pph and in the remaining unsold residential areas, the density proposed is 1,650 pph.\" The Authority had further written, \"The effect of this will be that by 2031 the population shall increase to 28 lakh, as per study done by a consultant. The town density then shall become 126 pph.\"The population of Greater Noida, since its inception in 1991, has grown to around 1.3 lakh in a period of more than 20 years, even though the projected population for 2011 was 12.5 lakh. The planning board has raised doubts on claims made by the Authority that population would increase to 28 lakh by 2031.The issue of land acquired vis-a-vis projected population of Greater Noida has also been raised in a PIL due to be filed by farmers. \"Projecting a population of 12.5 lakh by 2021, the Authority acquired massive tracts of land. While population did not cross the 1.5 lakh mark, land acquired from farmers was sold to developers, thereby turning Greater Noida into a vast speculative property market,\" said farmers' counsel, Parmindera Bhati. \"As its population did not grow to match its claims made in Master Plan 2021, the Authority is now trying to justify its case on the basis of projected population figures for 2031,\" he added.While the Authority has modified the green area cover in the draft Master Plan, marking 'Institutional Green' as a separate category, the planning board has raised objections to this change too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14179616", "title": "Apple, Samsung control 90% smartphone profits", "text": "WASHINGTON: Korean mobile maker Samsung and US-based tech giant Apple have captured over half the global market for smartphones and over 90 percent of its profits, according to a research firm.According to ABI Research, global smartphone shipments grew 41 percent year-over-year to 144.6 million in the first quarter of 2012.The report said that Samsung and Apple accounted for 55 percent of smartphone shipments and over 90 percent of the market's profits, News24 reports.The report revealed that Samsung and Apple delivered 43 million and 35 million units in the quarter respectively.Nokia was third with 11.9 million and BlackBerry maker Research in Motion (RIM) just behind with 11.1 million.Of the top ten smartphone makers, only Samsung and Sony saw sequential growth from the fourth quarter, which is traditionally strong, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162693", "title": "Congress, TDP emerge duds, forfeit deposit in five seats each", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Jagan landslide is bad news for the Congress, in the short term and long. Even as celebrations broke out in the YSR Congress Party (YSRCP) on its clean sweep in the bypolls on Friday, party leaders said Jagan Mohan Reddy would be a force to reckon with in the 2014 general elections.\"Jagan will create a wave much before the 2014 elections,\" exulted YSRCP's Kapu Ramachandra Reddy, who won the Rayadurg seat in Rayalaseema.The Congress campaign had little effect as YSRCP was able to build on the \"insults\" heaped on the late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's family by opponents.Following Jagan's arrest by the CBI on May 27, his mother and sister, who toured all 18 constituencies and Nellore, kept the sympathy factor alive.Battered by the result, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was in Delhi for a meeting on the presidential elections and officially remained unavailable for comment. Chandrababu Naidu and Chiranjeevi, who ran a high-pitched campaign, emerged duds.Jagan's candidate Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy won by a massive margin of 2,91,745 votes against former Union minister T Subbarami Reddy for Nellore Lok Sabha constituency, sending a clear message that dumping Jagan will prove expensive for the Congress in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.The Congress came third in 10 seats, was fifth in Parkal and forfeited its deposit in five seats. Astonishingly, Congress's Vayalar Ravi said the results were on expected lines. He added that there was no danger to the Kiran Reddy government.In what could be a lesson for pro-Telangana forces, the TRS just managed to scrape through in Parkal, where YSRCP's Konda Surekha gave it a scare. TDP, despite all its claims, came a poor third in three seats and lost deposits in five. Also, Jagan was helped by the polarization of Reddy votes across regions.However, Jagan received a jolt with the defeat of top leader P Subhash Chandra Bose in Ramachandrapuram.The results mean YSRCP has wrested 13 seats from the Congress and one from Chiranjeevi's Praja Rajyam Party, which has since merged with the Congress. The Telangana Rashtra Samithi snatched one seat from the Congress. Now, the Congress's tally in the 294-member assembly stands at 155.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14169296", "title": "Jaswanti used inmates for BPL benefits: Panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The inmates of the infamous Rohtak shelter home were not only sexually abused and tortured by Jaswanti Devi, she even used them to obtain benefits provided by the state government to those under the Below Poverty Line (BPL) category.The four-member panel constituted by the Punjab and Haryana high court to probe allegations of abuse has told the HC in its report that Jaswanti had managed to prepare BPL cards for all inmates. She did so in connivance with some local politicians and officers of the state government, and was using the benefits for her personal gain. The probe panel has recommended deployment of central police agency personnel outside shelter homes where these inmates have been relocated in Haryana.Though the panel has not named any officer or politician associated with Jaswanti, it stated that a close scrutiny of the marriage video of Jaswanti's daughter Simmi would reveal names and faces of those close to the woman.The submissions were made by the panel before a division bench headed by Justice N K Sanghi during the resumed hearing of a PIL filed on the issue on Friday. Members of the panel submitted that the constitution of SIT by the state government was an exercise to destroy vital evidence.The team visited various shelter homes in Chhachhroli, Bhiwani, Rohtak, Panipat and Karnal and interacted with about 101 inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "karnal ", "code": "14168870", "title": "Power cuts hit industry, agriculture in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL : Technical snags in the thermal units in the state and increased demand in agriculture sector has forced the industrialists, as well as residents of Karnal to bear the brunt due demand and supply gap of electricity.The unscheduled and unannounced cuts in addition to the regular ones have already crippled the working of the industrial units. Despite reducing the industrial production, the shortage of power has also affected the daily routines of the common residents.The residents as well as farmers of the district are sweating it out on account of longer power cuts varying between 4 to 9 hours during the day.Contrary to the official records of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, which claims a 19 hours power supply to the industrial units and 20 hours for the domestic consumers, residents dare authorities to prove as if it was more then 6 hours on any given day.J R Kalra,president, Haryana chamber of commerce , minced no words in elaborating upon the plight of industrialists and traders, said production is at an all time low and the tall claims of the government that the state would be made power surplus have fallen flat. As of now, the industry has seen a downfall of 10% in daily production. said Kalra.On the other hand, normal life is also hit due to crisis. In Karnal, people are facing lot of problems, including shortage of water supply. Residents in several villages have resorted to road blocks and lock power houses to register their protest.Besides, the commencement of the sowing of paddy has hiked the anxiety of farmers of the region, who require regular water supply for sowing of the crop. But they do not get even five hours of regular supply, which farmers feel may damage the saplings, said Rattan Mann, vice president of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU).Superintendent engineer (SE), UHBVN Ram Kumar said, utility was supplying 55 lack units a day, while the demand had crossed 75 lac units, the problem was due to delayed monsoon and shutting down of several thermal units. he however maintained that the officials were making any all out effort to ensure that maximum power is supplied to the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159341", "title": "One-man peacemaking force", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the labour unrest involving Indian workers at a cement factory in Angola did not go out of hand, it was thanks to the peacemaking efforts of a non-resident Gujarati businessman. Vinu Kapasi, 62, was the key peacemaker who helped ease frayed nerves in Sumbe town of the west African nation. His mediation mollified workers as well as the factory management.Kapasi has been living in Angola since 2004 and runs five different companies there, including rolling mills, a plastics factory, a ship-breaking unit and an aluminum foundry.\"I feared that if the problem at the cement factory was not taken care of quickly, it would give Indians living and working in Angola a bad name,\" Kapasi, who is back in Ahmedabad, told TOI. \"Many Indian workers were simple people who had no support of any kind in Angola. I used my rapport with local officials and politicians to help the workers. I am happy that I succeeded.\" Kapasi said he had faced similar problems in his companies in the past and so he understood the latest crisis. Kapasi and his seven brothers are businessmen.There were about 60 Gujaratis among the 1,300 Indians employed at the cement factory. They wanted to be paid in US dollars and not the local currency. Trouble had started in early May when the company paid overtime wages in the Angolan currency - kwanza - as the laws were changed. Unhappy with the move, Indian workers went on strike and were also accused of turning violent. Security personnel were called in and more than 50 were arrested.But then Kapasi stepped in and also asked the Indian embassy to intervene. He then spoke to the local officials. Kapasi even reached out to those who had been arrested and met them in court. Many of them did not speak English and could not even ask for food. In some cases, Kapasi brought food from his own home and distributed it among the workers. He also acted as an intermediary and intimated officials about the jailed workers' needs.\"It was my duty to help the Indians there. If I did not help, who would have?\" he asks. As many as 24 Gujaratis have returned home so far.Kapasi employs about 2,000 people in his companies in Angola of whom very few are Indians. He serves all his workers lunch every day and even pays for their taxi fare. Every Christmas he personally gives gifts to his employees; the gift is a collection of 64 items with everything from candles to clothes.\"The foundation of my success is the 18 hours I put in daily and the stringent discipline that I have never broken,\" he says. \"For instance, for the past 20 years, I have had only one meal a day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180837", "title": "I'm obsessed with music: Shekhar Suman", "text": "MY PERSONAL DE-STRESS MANTRA IS - listening to music and working out. I practise classical singing every morning for about 30 minutes to an hour. I workout six days a week, with each session lasting for about one-and-a-half to two hours. Sometimes, I spend time at the mandir in my house, just being with myself and asking God for peace of mind. Basically, my mantra is to always keep myself occupied and not live my life as a regular pattern.A COOK OR A FOODIE - I'm not a foodie at all. Though I'm a non-vegetarian, it's not a must for me. I like simple food like dal-chawal. But having said that, I love to cook as it serves as my stress-buster. I'm always cooking and pleasing my wife. My culinary interest began when I was a kid, I would watch my grandmother and mother cook. When you cook for someone and you see them relishing the food, it makes you feel so happy and I always saw that happiness on my mother's and grandmother's faces.MY HOBBIES - I'm obsessed with music, whether it's by Mohammed Rafi or Justin Beiber . as I have been into classical music for eight years now. I have a guruji who comes to teach me to sing thrice a week and on other days, I sing on my own. I enjoy dancing and travelling as well.IN MY LEISURE TIME - I go swimming thrice a week and play squash twice a week. Also, I go for a brisk walk early in the morning, at say 5.30-6 am at the jogger's park near my house. If I happen to miss my morning walk, I go for it in the evening. In my spare time, I read books (autobiographies), magazines and newspapers. In fact, I like reading newspapers, there's so much to know and learn about things happening around us everyday.HOMEBODY OR PARTY ANIMAL - I'm an absolute homebody and dislike attending parties and dressing up for it. I love to spend quality time at home with family and invite friends over. Home is where my heart is!TIPS TO DE-STRESS - It's important that one connect with his/herself by spending time, even if it means spending five minutes in silence daily. Analyse life, your daily actions and find ways to cleanse your soul. Don't get obsessed with achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170206", "title": "Muslim girls can now wear head scarves in KV schools", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sanghatan (KVS) has introduced changes in the dress code of students. Muslim girls studying in KVS will be allowed to wear head scarves in school. In another change, the senior girls -- class IX to XII -- will now have to wear trousers as per of the new dress code approved at the meeting of the Board of Governors (BoG) of KVS held at Delhi recently.According to the new dress, which has been designed by the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Muslim girls can wear grey scarves, matching with the colour of the skirt or trousers as the case may be.The BoG meeting also approved a new turban for Sikh boys. The colour of the turban should match their trousers, which should be plain grey in colour, with red colour fifty (A half yard or meter worn beneath turban usually in contrasting or decorative color).Further, senior girls will now wear trousers in place of skirts. The girls will wear a blue, grey, white and red checkered Kurti with Mandarin collar along with the waist coat. Trousers will be of plain grey colour with strait cut.The BoG meeting also finalised the uniform for physical education periods. The girls and boys will have to wear house-wise coloured T-shirts with white collars and with colour options of blue, green, red and sun yellow, colours of respective houses would be decided by the schools. On these specific days, the students will have to wear Navy blue track pants with white lining.Senior boys will now have to wear plain grey coloured trousers. Till now boys upto class VIII were allowed to wear half trousers. The students have to wear tie, navy blue in colour with woven monogram, and blue and grey knitted fabric belt with monogram on the buckle.On the changes in uniform, deputy commissioner, Varanasi region, PV Sai Ranga Rao said, \"This is a welcome step as KVS is pledged to keep the cultural values of the country intact and that is depicted in its students. Moreover, the dress of students of KV is now around 50 years old and the changes are aimed at keeping in pace with the changing times.\"KVS has given two years of transition period during which the old uniforms would also be allowed in the school, but not for the students admitted in class I. The old and new uniform may continue simultaneously during the transition period and the old ones may be weaned out of use gradually within two years i.e. by 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176024", "title": "Jeet is Awara", "text": "The audience will get to see a new on-screen jodi soon in Ravi Kinagi's film 'Awara'. The film produced by Shree Venkatesh Films stars Jeet-Sayantika. The film is about Surya &amp; Poulomi. The story revolves around their lives which are fortunately or unfortunately twisted with each other. Jeet(Surya) plays this Awara who is first time paired opposite Sayantika(Poulomi). The film is slated for a monsoon release.Mahendra Soni says, \"The team Awara has worked up to the mark to present this new couple on the block to the audience. The acceptance is good and we would be presenting this as our monsoon release this year.\" Jeet is happy to work with Sayantika for the first time. \"She is a talented actor and will go a long way. She is focused and a fitness freak. It was lovely working with her. Sayantika is a good dancer too. So, she has all the qualities to be a heroine,\" said Tolly's most 'Wanted' actor. Infact Jeet also played a guest role as Jeet in Srijit's 'Hamelock Society'.Ravi Kinagi too is happy with the lead's performance in the film. \"Both are dedicated actors. And I hope the audience will love their jodi\", smiled Ravi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14161938", "title": "Ambad Industries and Manufacturers\u2019 Association team to meet Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation for sorting out \u2018major issues\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to sort out issues related to Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), like labour cess and a Common Effluent Treatment Plant (CETP), a delegation of Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) will meet the Chief Executive Officer of the MIDC next week.\"There are several major issues pending with the MIDC. To resolve them at the earliest, we are planning to meet the MIDC CEO Bhushan Gagrani and hold discussions with him on these issues next week. These issues include a separate fire station for the industry, exclusion of industries under the Labour Act from the labour cess and setting up of a Common Effluent Treatment Plant for the plating units in Ambad MIDC. We want an early solution to these issues,\" Suresh Mali, President, AIMA, told TOI.Mali added that in case of a fire, fire tenders of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) take a long time to reach Ambad MIDC from the respective fire stations in the city. He pointed out that the losses that some units suffered in Ambad MIDC where fires broke out in the last one and a half years, were more due to the fire tenders not reaching the spots promptly. He said a separate fire station for the industrial area of Nashik was a long pending demand, to avoid massive losses that occur as a result of such fires.\"There are around 50 plating units and there is no facility to treat effluents generated by these units. Besides, labour cess is also one of the major issues. MIDC recovers labour cess of one per cent of the total construction cost from the industry. According to rules, industries which are alreadu under the Factory Act need not to pay labour cess. But MIDC has been recovering it from all industries. This issue will be taken up with the CEO of MIDC,\" Mali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14182127", "title": "Traffic cops get the taste of public anger for towing vehicles at RTO office.", "text": "SURAT : Next time, the traffic cops would think twice before lifting and towing the four and two wheelers parked outside the government offices, which lacks proper parking facilities in the city.For the first time the traffic cops had to taste the public anger for lifting and towing four and two wheelers from outside the premise of regional transport office (RTO). The RTO is the busiest government office in the city as the residents throng the office at Majura Gate throughout the day for works related to driving license, vehicle registration etc.From the past few months, the towing vans of the traffic department would arrive at RTO office and tow four-wheelers parked on the road due to the unavailability of parking space inside the premises.On an average about 100 vehicles including cars and two wheelers were towed by the traffic cops on daily basis and that the residents were made to pay hefty fine charges.On Friday evening, the daily visitors at RTO offices were frustrated with the daily harassment meted out on them by the traffic cops and decided to fight out the issue. When the towing van arrived at the RTO office and started towing the vehicles, people literally cornered the traffic cops and that many lay down in front of the towing vehicles to voice their protest.The traffic cops were so frightened that they decided to release all the vehicles being towed by them.Pankaj Shah, a visitor who was present on Friday said \"RTO office doesn't have parking space. It is not the fault of the common citizen who visit the office for work . We are really frustrated with the daily harassment from the traffic department and decided to fight it out on Friday\"A senior RTO officer asking anonymity said \"We have requested the city police department and the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) for providing parking facilities for the people coming to the RTO office. In many cases, the traffic cops have towed the brand new cars and two-wheelers brought for registration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167579", "title": "College principals ask Lucknow University to provide complete results of students on e-mail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sending complete result of all students through e-mails, computerised list of total number of students taking the examination, and making admit cards online - were some of the demands made by principals of various colleges affiliated to Lucknow University during a meeting held with the vice-chancellor on Friday. \"We have asked the university to provide us the cross chart (tabulation sheet) of each student, so that we have his/her entire result details. Also, to avoid misprints in admit cards, we have asked them to allot the roll numbers to us which we would directly give to the students. This will help in immediate correction, if any, in the admit cards,\" said GC Mishra, principal, BSNV PG College.College principals said that most of their demands were refused. To top it all, university asked the colleges to prepare students' data regarding admissions and examinations. For this, the university will provide a prescribed format both as soft copy and hard copy. \"The format will be sent to the colleges through email and will also be uploaded on university website,\" said university officiating spokesperson, Pawan Agarwal.The colleges were asked to follow the rules for admission to self-finance undergraduate and post graduate courses, which have been approved by university. As per the rule, admissions to self-finance courses should not be made, if the number of students to be admitted is less than 40% of the total sanctioned seats. The meeting was chaired by V-C, Prof MK Mishra. LU officiating registrar, RP Singh , controller of examination, Prof Yashvir Tyagi, admission coordinator, Rajeev Pandey and principals of nearly 25 colleges were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14168740", "title": "Varanasi traffic signal system to be revamped", "text": "VARANASI: The city, known for traffic congestion where ensuring improvement in traffic scene is proving an uphill task for the traffic police, civil police and supporting agencies, will get solar-powered traffic signal system at two busiest crossings very soon, courtesy the Varanasi Nagar Nigam. Apart from it, the old traffic signals at eight other crossings will also be repaired and augmented by the same agency.Municipal commissioner P K Pandey told TOI: \"The budget for the new traffic signal system at two busiest crossings and for the repair and capacity augmentation of existing traffic signals at eight prominent crossings had already been approved by the agency. The VNN has also signed an agreement with a private agency, which has started the work.\" Interestingly, the traffic police, who had been making hue and cry for a long time for the apathy of this agency for ignoring the demand of ensuring electronic traffic signal system at city crossings, were totally unaware about this development.The VNN has approved a budget of Rs 48.40 lakh for two new traffic signal systems, which would be based on solar power. Introduction of solar-powered traffic signals would help in keeping these traffic signals operations during power cuts, informed the additional municipal commissioner Sachchidanand Singh. He said that the provision of power backup during power cuts would also be ensured at other traffic signal systems at eight crossings, which would be repaired and augmented with the approved budget of Rs 67.93 lakhs.With this revelation by the VNN officials the worries of traffic police may end, but they are still considering that the agency has not considered the demand for installing traffic signals at all those crossings, which they had proposed in their list.Traffic inspector Vinay Chauhan said that the traffic signals are also required at the crossings like Ravidas Gate and BHU gate in Lanka area, Bhelupur and Vijayanagram and Bhojubir, but this demand had not been considered so far. According to him, the latest demand for traffic signals at city crossings were forwarded to the VNN during last traffic month in November 2011. After it the traffic police as well as the SSP had sent reminders to the agency. He denied that the police had any information regarding approval of budget or beginning of revival of existing signals or installation of new traffic signal system by any agency at any crossing.But, the traffic police officials are of the view that the traffic signal system would prove helpful in ensuring improvement in traffic scene after becoming operational. Chauhan said that presently minimum six persons including traffic constables and home guards are required to regulate the traffic at prominent crossings.After the traffic signals would become functional, he said, the same manpower would be utilised to catch the traffic rule violators instead of keeping them to remain busy in traffic regulation exercises.He said that the installation of close circuit television cameras would also help in strict implementation of the traffic rules after these developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165106", "title": "Coach advised to use good racquets: Ikvanshu", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's tennis players believe a tennis player's most important armour is his racquet and are choosy about the one they use. Ankush says he uses three racquets often out of his stock of 10 racquets. \"I use control racquets instead of the power ones. These let me control the game easily with spin and other controls on the ball,\" he adds.He says, \"Head light and grip weight racquets are perfect for players, but every player has his individual preferences according to his game.\" There are various types of strings available for racquets such as natural and nylon strings.\"I love the sound created when a racquets strikes the ball,\" says Ankush, who is planning to purchase some more racquets soon.Ikvanshu says he has customized his two Head Speed racquets according to his game with better strings and grip. \"When I started practicing, I used to play with ordinary racquets, but then my coach advised to use good quality racquets. They only get better when you tune them according to your game,\" he says.Akshay Kumar Sethi, a 17-year-old player from College Road, says he uses racquets of the same brand as Roger Federer does. \"I have bought two Wilson racquets worth Rs 6,000 each and find them apt for my playing style,\" says Akshay. For 12-year-old boys Sarvesh and Abhin, the Yonex racquet weighing 270gm is suitable. Abhin says he has plans of buying better racquets to groom his game better.Vikramjeet Singh, a tennis coach from the city, says choosing a wrong racquet can cost dear to players affecting their game directly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14160776", "title": "Andhra top cop on the run", "text": "HYDERABAD: High drama continued for the second day on Friday in the spat between two senior IPS officers with four city police teams unable to trace director general Umesh Kumar, against whom a non-bailable warrant (NBW) has been issued by a Nampally court in a forgery case in which he is one of the accused. Umesh is currently the chairman of the Godavari Valley Development Authority (GVDA) and is engaged in a legal case involving his batch mate and DGP V Dinesh Reddy.The NBW was issued on Thursday, but a CID team that went to Umesh's residence in Jubilee Hills that evening could not find him. His gunmen and security personnel said he had left the residence in his official vehicle around 4.30pm and subsequently abandoned his car and got into an auto. However, Umesh continued to remain untraceable even on Friday despite the city police pressing into service four teams, three of the CID and one of the Task Force. Police personnel in plainclothes were also posted outside the Nampally court to track Umesh in case he turned up there, but were unsuccessful.According to sources, the signal from Umesh's cell phone was last traced to his residence before it was switched off. 'Obviously, he is somewhere in the city and using some other mobile phone, but we are not able to trace him,\" said CID officials. Apparently, the city police is caught between the spat between two top police officers in the state.On Friday, the police teams visited the residences of some of the relatives of Umesh, but made no headway. Cops are also trying to trace the auto in which Umesh was last known to have travelled. The officer's gunmen and driver are said to have given contradictory statements to the CID sleuths, thus increasing their suspicion that they are not cooperating. Umesh's son Karthikeya was briefed by the CID officials about the pending NBW issued by the Nampally court against his father. After failing in all their efforts, CID officials suspect that Umesh is in the city somewhere safe and secure and that it might not be possible to apprehend him unless he voluntarily surrenders.Umesh knocks on high court doorSenior police officer Umesh Kumar on Friday moved the high court seeking cancellation of the non bailable warrant issued against him by the chief metropolitan magistrate in the forgery case pending against him and former SEZ consultant Sunil Reddy. The petitioner not only sought cancellation of the order but also complained about the 'prejudicial' manner in which the matter was being dealt with by the court. He said his application for dispensing with his appearance in court, except when necessary, was rejected improperly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159153", "title": "Urdu schools running without teachers: Goa Pradesh Congress Committee", "text": "MARGAO: Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) minority department has hit out at the government alleging that government Urdu primary schools are running without teachers in many areas of South Goa. The minority department further pointed out that the state did not have a college providing a Diploma in Education (DEd) and claimed that the government was not taking serious steps to start such a college.\"It is shocking that inspite of having Urdu students in Housing board Gogol, Rumdamol-Davorlim, Quepem and other places, no Urdu teachers have been posted at the respective schools,\" alleged Kalim Khan Pathan, convener, South Goa of the GPCC minority department.\"It clearly shows that the government and education department are neglecting the minority community and this is a grave injustice by the BJP government,\" Pathan said in a statement issued on FridayWhile pushing for a college providing a Diploma in Education to be set up in Goa, Pathan claimed that the government was indulging in double speak as they had earlier vowed to give equal rights to the minority community in education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14157971", "title": "Lodha Group buys Washington House for Rs 375 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly two years after it put up the property for sale, the United States consulate is learned to have finally sold Washington House, its three-storey residential building at Altamount Road, to Lodha Group for over Rs 375 crore. The city-based realty developer is believed to have already paid a token amount of over Rs 50 crore to the consulate. Talks are on with Tata Realty and other bidders for the sale of Lincoln House, which housed the office and residence of the US consul general at Breach Candy.The three-storeyed Washington House covers 2,702 square metres. It is listed as Grade III property and falls under the Coastal Regulation Zone II. Property rates in the immediate vicinity currently range between Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 a sq ft. Lodha Group will demolish the building and replace it with a luxury residential tower.Highly placed sources said the deal was reached about a month ago but had not been inked as the consulate is yet to receive the the go-ahead from state and central authorities, including the ministry of external affairs.Abhishek Lodha, managing director of Lodha Group, said, \"We haven't concluded the deal yet.'' Anshul Jain, DTZ'z chief executive officer, the global property consultant for the transaction, refused to comment.The bidding memorandum had said that the US government expected to procure clearances from the MEA and state and local authorities for the sale within 90 to 180 days of getting the confirmation letter from the winning bidder. However, if the clearance did not come through within this period, the memorandum said the US government could cancel the transfer of property and hand the money back to the bidder or reach a mutual decision to extend the time limit for obtaining the said approval from MEA.Property sources said Lodha's bid, close to the reserve price of Rs 350 crore, is in tune with current market conditions. The Altamount Road property is believed to have received three bids. \"There is always going to be an appetite for property in these prime locations,'' said Anshuman Magazine, managing director of CBRE, global property consultant.Altamount Road winds up the hill off Pedder Road and is rated as the 10th costliest street in the world (2010, Wealth Bulletin). Breach Candy, Carmicheal Road, Nepeansea Road and Altamount Road have always been prime residential locations in south Mumbai where property prices range between Rs 45,000 and Rs 85,000 a sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164296", "title": "Consider kidney transplant plea in week: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming to the aid of a 62-year-old ailing woman, the Delhi high court on Friday gave a week's time to the Centre to consider her plea for a kidney transplant.The woman is suffering from liver cirrhosis and has a willing donor but was denied permission by the Indraprastha Apollo Hospital to undergo a kidney transplant.Justice Kailash Gambhir directed the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) to consider the appeal filed by Agra-based Urmila Anand in the light of HC's recent ruling where it has held that a request for donation of an organ could be considered on the basis of the love and affection between the donor and recipient, even when they are not related.HC's direction came after Anand's counsel informed the court that his client, who has been under treatment at Apollo Hospital, was in immediate need of a liver transplant but the DGHS has dithered over deciding her appeal against the hospital's refusal.Anand further told HC that Gulab Devi has been associated with her family for the last 30 years. After Devi's blood group matched with Anand's, she gave her consent to donate her partial liver.According to the counsel, the blood group of Anand's children (two daughters and a son) did not match with the patient leaving her with little option but to accept Devi's request. Besides, their love and affection could be the ground for consideration for the hospital management, her lawyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167388", "title": "Mangoes may taste sour this year", "text": "LUCKNOW: The mango bite will cost more this season as delayed monsoon has hit the mango crop hard. The mango growers are not hopeful of a good season for the king of fruits. Customers may have to pay Rs 10-15 more for a kilo of Dussehri this season. Apart from the price, delayed rain may also impact the taste and size of mangoes.The arrival of mangoes in the markets has already been late this year. Mango growers in Malihabad say the fruit generally ripens by May end every year. \"But this time, we are still to find ripened fruits in our orchards,\" said Surendra Kumar Rawat, a farmer in Kasmandi Kalan village of Malihabad.Experts at the Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) say the delay is due to late flowering and fruiting of the crop in mango belt in and around Lucknow. The reason for which could be weather dalliance. The flowering, under ideal conditions, starts by March. However, in case of prolonged winters or erratic rain, flowering could get delayed.The Malihabad-Kakori-Maal belt, which produces the famous Dussehri and has about 25-30,000 hectare area under mango production, alone comprises at least 30-40% of annual mango production in Uttar Pradesh.The delay will reduce the overall mango production in the state. In 2011, 36 lakh metric tonnes mangoes were produced. This year, the production has plummeted to 28-30 lakh metric tonnes as per the All India Mango Growers Association. There are 14 to 15 mango belts in the state.\"Last year, Malihabad-Maal-Kakori alone had produced four lakh metric tones mango, but this year, production will be lesser,\" said association president Insram Ali.\"After a week, the price might also go up,\" said Ali. If it does not rain even now, it might cause further damage to the mango crop by affecting its size and sweetness. Apart from Dussehri, other commercial varieties produced in Lucknow belt like Chausa and Safeda will also be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14168166", "title": "Two die after mistakenly consuming poison", "text": "SILCHAR: Two members of a tribal family at Piplapunjee village in Karimganj district died after mistakenly consuming poison on Thursday. Three others from the family are undergoing treatment at a missionary hospital in the district and are in a critical condition.A senior police officer on Friday said Chalongting Halam (35) on Thursday poured poison from a bottle into a pan mistaking it for mustard oil to fry potatoes for the family's lunch. Her husband, Nripen Halam, a driver in profession, was away from home during the incident.After having lunch, all five family members present at home - Chalongting and her four children, including two sons and two daughters - fell ill. Within an hour, their condition became critical. In the absence of Nripen Halam, neighbours rushed them to Damcherra Rural Hospital.However, two of the four siblings - Anjali (14) and Bikash (7) - died on the way to hospital.Chalongting, Pinki (14) and son Bilam (8) were admitted to the hospital. As their condition was critical, the three were referred to Dharmanagar Civil Hospital in neighbouring Tripura for treatment. On Friday, the Tripura doctors send them to Makunda Christian Missionary Hospital in Karimganj district for further treatment. Hospital sources said condition of the three continues to remain critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162673", "title": "Parkal result a wake up call for Telangana Rashtra Samithi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The close finish in Parkal between K Chandrasekhar Rao's Telangana Rashtra Samithi(TRS) and Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress has thrown up serious questions about the strength of the ongoing separate Telangana movement with the TRS itself admitting that it needs to regroup and introspect.TRS ought to be worried by the slender majority of 1,562 votes by which its candidate Moluguri Bhikshapati won as Parkal lies in the heart of Telangana statehood movement -- Warangal. TRS earlier had boasted that it would win by a majority of 35,000-40,000 votes. But evidently, the voter was equally divided between the pro-Telangana protagonist and a party which espouses the united Andhra cause.In fact, the fight turned out to be a bit like a T-20 cricket match with leads swinging back and forth between the TRS and YSR CP. Bhikhapati, who was leading comfortably with 5,999-vote lead till the 12th round, slipped to a slender majority of 283 votes in the 17th round. At one point, YSR CP's Konda Surekha led by 16 votes. The TRS candidate gained in the last 19th round and snatched victory. But where did the TRS calculations go wrong? The Friday's result is not only a wake up call for the party but raises questions on the effectiveness of the movement.Of late, there have been signs of the pro-statehood movement losing steam. Dharnas and strikes backed by TRS have become too few. But what stumped the TRS and which may not bode well for the T-movement, is the fact that the people were least concerned about Jagan's corruption case.\"This result has certainly shocked us. We need to seriously introspect as to where the T-statehood movement is heading. We cannot be complacent any more,\" pointed out a senior TRS leader. A combination of factors has worked against the pro-Telangana champions in this election. Apart from cross voting, Konda Surekha's hold over some mandals in the constituency, TRS delay in announcing its candidate, Telangana JAC's confusion in supporting the TRS candidate and Vijayamma statement that they respect T-statehood sentiment have impacted the final result.\"We need to pull up our socks and strengthen the hands of T-protagonists. We will regroup and take the T-sentiment to every nook and corner,\" asserted TRS MLA Harish Rao, who was Parkal constituency in-charge. Also, the TRS could not put its best foot forward as the votes polled by the nine independents (8,326) and BJP candidate Vijaychander (9,160) cut into its candidate's vote-bank. He, however, said that more than the Jagan factor, it was Surekha's crowd-pulling abilities which gave the jitters to the T-protagonists. In fact, TRS has been attacking Jagan that he is the most corrupt politician in the world and that a vote for Jagan would mean a vote against Telangana.\"However, the voter, for some reason, was inclined towards Surekha who is a strong leader in her own right or was swayed by sympathy for Jagan,\" explained Sudershan Reddy, former Kakatiya University professor.Also, CDs which were circulated by TRS in the run-up to the election showing Surekha hurling stones at T-protestors in Mahbubabad railway station when they blocked Jagan's Odarpu yatra did not weave any magic with the voter.Surekha had quit her seat twice - once in support of T-sentiment and again for the sake of Jagan. But strangely, Surekha ended up as the sore loser.YSR CP puts up nail-biting competitionThe contest in Parkal, the lone assembly seat in Telangana region, turned out to be a nightmare for TRS as YSR Congress candidate Konda Surekha gave a tough fight to TRS candidate M Bhikshapati as the lead positions kept changing frequently. The TRS candidate finally won the seat with a majority of just 1,562 votes, which was the lowest margin of all the candidates while the highest margin of 56,891 votes was recorded by G Srikanth Reddy of YSR CP in Rayachoti in Kadapa district. Kakatiya Medical College in Warangal, the counting centre for Parkal witnessed tension kept building up in the final rounds of counting in both YSR CP and TRS camps. In fact, TRS party office in Hyderabad was tense as party leaders kept their fingers crossed, while party activists waited with bated breath in Warangal. \"The 19th round counting was like a 20-20 cricket match. Finally, when Bhikshapati secured 1,006 votes and with 556 votes in 18th round, he scraped through with 1,562 votes,\" a TRS leader exclaimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14179249", "title": "NMC to resume sterilization of stray dogs", "text": "Nagpur: With a view to curb stray dog menace, Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to restart the animal birth control (ABC) programme soon. It has already constructed a dog shelter at Bhandewadi, informed NMC veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle while replying to a Right To Information Act application. \"\"Here, we will carry out the sterilization programme,\"\" he added.Even though cases of dog bites have been reported from several parts of the city and its outskirts, the civic body has miserably failed to curb the menace. Packs of dogs rule the roost on city streets leading to panic among residents. The threat is more for morning and evening walkers. Market places act as a breeding ground for stray dogs, where they fatten on slaughter waste.In a reply to the RTI application filed by Abhay Kolarkar, an activist with the India Against Corruption , Mahalle pointed out that as per Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), the ABC programme is the responsibility of NMC and state animal husbandry department.NMC has to take post-operative care of dogs that have undergone the ABC procedure. In the past, the civic body had started the sterilization programme through some NGOs but irregularities led to the civic body ending it. In 2010-2011, the civic body had carried out sterilization programme on 2,228 dogs across the city. Now, the civic body has decided to carry out the ABC programme on its own.Mahalle said that the civic body had formed two flying squad entrusted in the job of catching stray dogs. \"\"A mobile van has also been provided to catch stray dogs. Instructions have been given to zonal officials to get strict with the job,\"\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14176590", "title": "ICSI to impart training to students", "text": "Lucknow: The Managing Committee of Lucknow Chapter of Northern India Regional Council (NIRC) of Institute of Compnay Secretaries of India (ICSI) has created a Training and placement cell with objective of ensuring quality training for all and assisting members/students for placements.The committee said that it has appealed all esteemed company secretaries to ensure that the Company/organisation where they are working/associated are registered with the Institute of Company Secretaries of India for imparting 15 month/3 months management/practical training. Similarly practising Company Secretaries are also requested to immediately get themselves registered with ICSI for providing apprenticeship training.All Companies having paid up share capital of Rs. 50 lacs or more are eligible for the same, the managing committee said.The Companies can keep as many trainees to suit their requirement. The number of trainees to be sponsored to the Company Secretary in Practice (PCS) including a partner in a firm of Company Secretaries, will be equal to the number of years of continuous practice of the concerned member subject to a maximum of 20 trainees, said Amit Gupta of ICSI.Gupta said that promoting training in your organisation serves two fold purpose one, of getting knowledgeable/skilled assistant who execute the work with movement of your eyes, respecting the guru &amp; shishya parampara , two, it enhance the value of Company Secretaries in the eyes of the Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14166708", "title": "First Chinese woman soars into space today", "text": "BEIJING: A woman astronaut does not enjoy any special advantage in the space compared to her male colleagues , major Liu Yang , the first female Chinese astronaut said a day before she was due to leave for the Shenzhou-9 manned mission to space with two male astronauts on Saturday .\"Despite gender differences , we all face the same challenge as astronauts . Space will not lower its bar just because you are a woman , or give you any special treatment ,\" Liu, 33, said .Chinese authorities revealed that Liu has been chosen over captain Wang Yaping , at the final stage . Both mothers with one child each are pilots of the People's Liberation Army air force .Joining Liu in the country's first manned docking mission are two male colleagues , Liu Wang and the team commander Jing Haipeng.The Shenzhou-9 spacecraft is scheduled for launch using the upgraded Long March-2 F carrier rocket at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center .Wu Ping , the spokeswoman of China's space mission , said , \"Generally speaking , female astronauts have better durability , psychological stability and ability to deal with loneliness\" .The biggest task for Shenzhou-9 involves docking with Tiangong-1 , an unmanned craft , which has been in space for over 160 days . Two of the three pilots will transfer to Tiangong-1 while one of them will stay back in Shenzhou-9 .It will also mark the country's first attempt to ship supplies and personnel from Earth to the orbiting module , Wu said .Liu said she was looking forward to the dream mission . \"Aside from completing the mission , I also want to experience the fantastic weightless environment and enjoy the view of our beautiful earth and our beautiful home\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168723", "title": "Godapani murder stirs up agriculture department subsidy scam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The murder case of the agriculture department's superintendent engineer, Godapani Pathak, who was abducted and killed more than a month ago, is yet to be closed. It has, in fact, blown the lid off a subsidy scam in distribution of farm machinery in the department.\"There is a subsidy scam going on in the agriculture department. The government provides subsidies on machinery like tractors, power tillers and pump sets for farmers, but the benefits do not reach the beneficiaries. On paper the subsidies are doled out but there are no lists of beneficiaries,\" a source said.Pathak was inquiring into anomalies in the subsidies given on farm machinery in Dhubri district.The source added, \"It is suspected that the machinery is sold in the open market for a price slightly lower than the actual cost, but the subsidies are never transferred to the buyers,\" the source said.The agriculture department has now asked all its district offices to submit list of beneficiaries of subsidized power tillers, hand pump sets and other farm machinery. The source added that the department is also now examining the volume of the subsidy scam and several officials are scanner.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has said on record that the investigation so far points towards involvement of some officials of the agriculture department in the murder of Pathak through hired killers from Kamatapur Liberation Organization.The agriculture department's rules binds farmers legally not to sell subsidized farm machinery after procuring them from the department. The rules say that the district agriculture officer will sanction the application of farmers for farm machinery and arrange the procurement and supply. After the machinery is commissioned, the agriculture department will arrange for release of payment.Under the Assam Agricultural Competitiveness Project (AACP), the state gives 50% subsidy each on shallow tube wells, low-lift pump, 30% on tractors, power tillers, 80% on sprinkler irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14165530", "title": "Four Maoists arrested after encounter", "text": "KORAPUT: Four Maoists were arrested by members of Special Operations Group (SOG) in the district after an encounter on Friday. Those arrested are Puala Sargu, Puala Lachayya, Puala Ashu and Huika Sulaya. The securitymen also seized Maoists belongings from them.Police said a gunbattle took place on a forested road near Chinakhemu within Bandhugaon police limits around 11 am and continued for next few minutes when a group of Red rebels opened fired at the security personnel returning from an anti-Maoists operation.\"Probably the Maoists had set up a transit camp at the crime spot and around 20 rebels were present at the time of gunbattle. The Maoists fired at our men prompting the SOG jawans to retaliate. Though several rounds were fired, there was no casualty or injury on either side,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar. \"Our men chased and arrested the four. Interrogation is on,\" he added.While coming across the encounter site, security personnel recovered three guns, one soap case bomb, a gun barrel and huge quantities of Maoists literature and belongings. \"Counter insurgency exercises have been intensified in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon to contain the Maoists menace and we expect more operations in the coming days,\" the SP said. On Tuesday, police arrested two wanted rebels from a village in Narayanpatna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180137", "title": "Passion for acting drove me to glamour world: Tejashree", "text": "'House of talent', Tejashree Pradhan reveals that acting in movies never gave her the satisfaction, which she gets through drama and plays.In an interview, she reveals that she had always been very passionate towards the glamour world. But, she knew from the beginning that she was made to be in front of the camera. Although she received mass appreciation for roles, she was never complacent. For her, being a part of a play was the most challenging thing to do.When she got to know through her colleagues that that final casting for a play was going on, she approached the director and expressed her desire to be a part of it and thus bagged the lead role of Chhaya Prabhu.Chhaya Pravhu represents a young girl who is unable to decide her career. She is a contemporary modern girl but how her choices and opinions are banished, the play is all about that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166215", "title": "Don\u2019t muse, philosophy opens up many avenues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking up a course in philosophy means more than just toying with great ideas, or studying about movements. It plunges you into the world of religion, spirituality and ethics, and makes you ponder the logic behind it all. BA (honours) philosophy is offered in 13 DU colleges, 10 of which are only for women.Eligibility: The course is offered in Daulat Ram, Gargi, IP College, Kamala Nehru, Lady Shri Ram, Miranda House, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, St Stephen's, among others. Though students from all streams can apply for the course, some colleges may have higher cutoffs for those outside of humanities. The highest first cutoff last year was 88%-93% at Hindu College.\"Students tend to be sceptical about the course. Those who opt for it, however, find it intellectually stimulating and academically empowering. Those who like to grapple with questions, learn new ways of thinking and have a command over the language, should take up the course. With an additional qualification, many avenues are open to you. The course equips students to appear for entrance exams for a variety of courses and professions,\" said Geetesh Nirban, assistant professor in Kamala Nehru College.Content: Philosophy allows you to test various beliefs and outlooks. \"By portraying the evolutionary nature of intellectual achievement, it provides a perspective on the continuing development of human thought. Values are a fundamental concern of philosophy, and it attempts to deal with morals, art and politics,\" said Nirban.The course acquaints students with metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, logic and aesthetics from the western and eastern perspectives. The first year has logic and elements of Indian philosophy, while in the second year, history of western philosophy and social political philosophy or Greek philosophy are taught. The final year includes ethics, Indian Philosophy (text) and aesthetics/ contemporary philosophy/ later Greek philosophy. \"Most colleges offer philosophy as an interdisciplinary credit course for other honours courses as well as a discipline course in BA (programme),\" added Nirban.Road Ahead: Philosophy graduates have options like management studies, hotel management, law, social work, mass communication, public services (UPSC), creative writing, fashion designing, publishing, advertising, defence services (ground duties), animation, event management, teaching and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158442", "title": "Deceased passenger's kin detain Andhra Pradesh Express", "text": "NAGPUR: Relatives of a female passenger who died in Andhra Pradesh (AP) Express due to illness halted the train at Nagpur Railway Station for about one and a half hours.The deceased, identified as Suvarna (50), had been ill while she boarded the train at New Delhi. She passed away between Itarsi and Nagpur stations. By rule, a dead body cannot be taken in a bogie with other passengers. The problem started when the rail authorities at Nagpur told this to the family of the deceased.The family members of Suvarna refused to get down at Nagpur and take the body away saying that they did not know anything about the city. There was a lot of drama that ensued following the insistence of the rail authorities and the denial of the family members to get down from the train which resulted in the train being held up at Nagpur station.Finally, after a lot of deliberation and taking a humanitarian perspective of the situation, it was decided that a compartment in the SLR bogie will be allotted to the family of the deceased. The body was to be taken to Hyderabad in this compartment in isolation, away from the rest of the passengers. The passengers in that compartment were adjusted elsewhere in the train.\"We had to take into consideration the situation of the family too. They were grief-stricken and under emotional stress. We tried our best to help them in their time of distress,\" said PD Patil, PRO, Central Railway.Railways also arranged for an ice box for the body at Ballarshah, the next station as waiting for one at Nagpur would have further delayed the train. The train reached Nagpur station at 9.30am and left only at 11.40am on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "14169650", "title": "Thieves take away gold and money", "text": "THENI: Burglars broke open the house of a school teacher in Periyakulam in Theni district and stole 60 sovereigns of gold jewellery and cash to the tune of Rs 80,000 late on Thursday night.Police said that Senthil Kumaran (40) of a resident of Telungar Street in Vadugapatti was working as a teacher at the Government Higher Secondary School in Allinagaram. His wife, Pandimadevi, is also working as a teacher in a middle school at Vadugapatti. The couple had left Vadugapatti on Thursday to attend a housewarming ceremony in Madurai and stayed in their relative's house for the night.On Friday morning, the domestic help of Senthil Kumar visited the house and saw the front door of the house broke open. She went inside and found that the bureau was also open. The shocked servant informed Pandimadevi's brother Damodarapandian, who was residing in the proximity.Damodarapandian rushed to the house and found that the jewels and cash were stolen. He informed Senthil Kumar and lodged a complaint with the police. Police said that they have lifted fingerprints from the scene of the crime and interrogations are on. A sniffer dog was also brought to the house, but it returned after running a few metres.It maybe recalled that a few days back, the house of an advocate in the same locality was burgled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14169628", "title": "Madurai airport grounded", "text": "MADURAI: An international connectivity from Madurai means a lot for the public of the southern districts in general and the industry in particular.Probably, Madurai is the only city in the country with as much potential for international trade and tourism that has been deprived of international air connectivity, according to industrialists in Madurai. The disappointment among the trading community over non-inclusion of Madurai in the list of international airports was palpable.\"Madurai airport possesses a high-tech integrated world class terminal building built at a cost of Rs 130 crore. The runway was extended to 7500 feet to facilitate introduction of international flights. The modernised airport inaugurated in September 2010 was declared as customs airport on December 31, 2010. There is a very good potential for international passenger and freight traffic to Colombo, Kuala Lumpur , Singapore and Gulf destinations,\" says S Rethinavelu, senior president, Tamil Nadu chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI).The industry bodies in Madurai have been running from pillar-to-post to get the Centre operate flights to international destinations from Madurai. In fact, the trade bodies have even managed to get several airlines operators to express their willingness to commence international flight services from the temple town, the gateway to southern Tamil Nadu.In February this year, Rohana Perera, head of commercial, Mihin Lanka said during an interactive meeting organised by TNthat they were keen on operating flights from Madurai to Colombo. \"We will launch three to four services in a week initially and expand further, based on the demand,\" he said.At another meeting held earlier, S Baskar, manager - sales and administration, Air Arabia, said that he felt Madurai has great potential for both passenger and cargo traffic. \"The ball is in the court of the government which has to work out on bilateral agreements because, Madurai is not present in any of the agreements,\" he later told TOI.An airport official, however, said that the first step should be to operate international flights from Madurai before it gets tagged as international airport. \"We are prepared and ready to extend to all cooperation for commencing overseas flights,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14167812", "title": "Pak general in 2001: Can nuke India in 8 seconds", "text": "LONDON: Pakistan could launch a nuclear strike on India within eight seconds, claimed an army general in Islamabad in 2001, a warning that is described in the latest volume of diaries by a key aide of the UK's former Prime Minister Tony Blair.The general asked Blair's former communications director, Alistair Campbell, to remind India of Pakistan's nuclear capability amid fears that Delhi was \"determined to take them out\". Britain became so concerned about the threat that Blair's senior foreign policy adviser, Sir David Manning, warned in a paper that Pakistan was prepared to \"go nuclear\".The warnings are relayed by Campbell in his latest diaries, 'The Burden of Power', which are being serialized in the Guardian on Saturday and Monday.The warnings came during a visit by Blair to the Indian subcontinent after the 9/11 attacks in 2001. Campbell was told about the eight-second threat over a dinner in Islamabad on October 5, 2001 hosted by Pervez Musharraf, then Pakistan's president.Campbell writes, \"At dinner I was between two five-star generals who spent most of the time listing atrocities for which they held the Indians responsible, killing their own people and trying to blame 'freedom fighters'. When the time came to leave, the livelier of the two asked me to remind the Indians, 'It takes us eight seconds to get the missiles over'.\"Blair visited Pakistan as Britain and the US attempted to shore up support in Islamabad before the bombing of Afghanistan, which started in October, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14169930", "title": "35 ultrasound clinics closed in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: As many as 35 of the 37 ultrasound clinics, which were inspected by the civil surgeon and a health team under the orders of deputy commissioner, were sealed by magistrates.The ultra sound clinics were sealed for technical reasons which include expiry of registration date, not maintaining the records and doctors operating the machine.Following the sealing of 35 clinics in the district, an unprecedented problem has been created as doctors are not willing to examine the patients for want of special reports. Many patients are rushing to Ranchi, Dhanbad and other big cities for better treatment.Despite repeated attempts, deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167185", "title": "Mant win gives Didi a reason to smile", "text": "LUCKNOW: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) may be fighting a lost battle for the Raisina Hill, but it won the Mant assembly by-poll hands down, opening its account in Uttar Pradesh. AITC's Shyam Sunder Sharma, a seven-time winner from the seat, defeated his nearest rival Yogesh Chaudhary of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) by a margin of over 6,000 votes. Samajwadi Party's (SP's) Sanjay Lathar stood third. The remaining three main parties, the Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had stayed away from the contest.If the Mant by-poll results have given the TMC a reason to celebrate, for the RLD it is time for retrospection, particularly because the seat was vacated by Jayant Chaudhary , son of RLD chief Ajit Singh and grandson of former prime minister late Chaudhary Charan Singh. In the last assembly elections held earlier this year, Jayant bagged more than 43% of the total votes polled in the Jat-Brahmin belt.Though Mant has never been a SP stronghold, the by-poll has brought an end to the party's winning streak that started with an absolute majority in the 2012 assembly elections in UP and continued till the historical unopposed victory of Dimple Yadav from the Kannauj Lok Sabha constituency last week.Going by the count of votes, the by-poll may have come as a consolation for SP candidate Sanjay Lathar, who polled 49,800 votes this time as compared to 1,058 votes in the assembly elections earlier this year. While Sharma bagged 68,330 votes, RLD's Yogesh Chaudhary polled 60,532 votes.However, the by-election has become a prestige issue for the SP because Lathar is a member of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's core group of advisors. This was perhaps one reason why the chief minister decided to break the tradition of CMs keeping away from by-polls in UP and personally campaigned for Lathar in Mant.But the fact that SP lost the first and only assembly by-poll held since Akhilesh became the chief minister on May 15, 2012, has come as a test for Akhilesh's farmer-centric policies and welfare schemes for farmers that his government has announced.AITC's Sharma has been elected for the seventh time from Mant since 1989 before his winning streak had snapped in assembly elections held earlier this year. Like Kannauj, mainstream parties -- Congress, BJP and BSP -- have not fielded candidates in Mant by poll as well. For the AITMC president Mamata Banerjee , who was apparently abandoned by SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on the issue of the presidential candidate, the by poll is sure to prove much more than a mere assembly seat in UP.Both Maulayam and Mamata had, at a joint press conference in New Delhi on Thursday, announced the names of former president A P J Abdul Kalam , former speaker Somnath Chatterjee and prime minister Manmohan Singh as their choice candidates for the presidential polls. While Mamata stood by the three names suggested at the joint press conference even after the Congress party rejected them on Friday morning, the SP took a U-turn and declared its support to the Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee once his candidature was formally announced by the Congress president Sonia Gandhi in the evening.Now that Mamata has refused to support Pranab as the candidate of the Congress-led UPA, of which AITC is a part, her stance is sure to create bad blood within the UPA. It has also landed Mamata in a piquant situation as she has emerged as the only main player to have opposed Pranab's candidature despite being an integral part of the politics in West Bengal , the home state of Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14164501", "title": "Lateral entry counseling begins for engineering hopefuls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Counselling for lateral entry (LE) into engineering courses under Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) began on Friday even as uncertainty looms over the beginning of the admission process for other professional courses.\"Registration for LE engineering started around 2 pm. Candidates can log into www.ojee.nic.in and register themselves. They should remember the password, which they will need for all further steps of counselling,\" OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo said.Though registration is already underway, seat allotment will start only after the sixth semester results of Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT) starts. Aspirants facing any confusion can call up the OJEE helpline 0674-2352456, Sahoo added. Sahoo said registration for all courses except the medical stream would possibly start early next week. \"The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) is likely to provide the seat matrix of engineering, MBA, MCA and pharmacy. Registration would start soon after that,\" he said.However, there is no clarity as yet on MBBS as there is no indication from the Medical Council of India about the number of approved seats in the state this year. The government had sought MCI's permission to increase MBBS seats by 100 at the SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167310", "title": "It\u2019s no entry for touts and driving instructors in RTO", "text": "COIMBATORE: The deputy transport commissioner, K N Udayanun has issued orders to all the Regional Transport Offices (RTO) to prohibit touts and driving school instructors from entering the premises.The orders have come a day after TOI published reports about the regularities in conducting learner's license tests at RTO offices. A visit to the city RTOs revealed that few applicants take the test, as touts and driving school instructors do the job for them.Udayanun advised RTO officials to get to work early to conduct the test and collect application online application forms of candidates applying through a driving school. \"When the applicants come in, they just have to pay the fees and take the test,\" he said. He acknowledged that there was enormous pressure on the inspectors as the RTO offices were understaffed. That is why he wants them to come in early to work.\"We will conduct an inquiry and if we find proof of misconduct, stringent action will be taken against the culprits,\" said M Karunagaran, Coimbatore Collector.As per the rule, those taking the learners' licence test have to get at least six answers correct out of the 10 questions that the computer throws at them. The purpose of the test is to ensure that the applicant has basic knowledge of the road rules before he gets behind the wheel.It has been noted that in most fatal accidents, the driver was found guilty. Tamil Nadu is leading in the number of accidents in the country. The state reports 14.5 per cent of total road accident deaths in the country as per the National Crime Record bureau. The traffic activist feels that if immediate action is not taken to fine-tune the process of issuing licenses to curb misconduct, the accident rate is likely to increase dramatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163583", "title": "\u2018Pinki Pramanik bribed medical board\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik had bribed the medics for hiding gender and participated in competitions, alleged the live-in girlfriend, whose complaint landed the former national athlete behind the bars.Pinki has been sent to judicial custody for two weeks after the production before the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate at Barasat on Friday. On Thursday evening Pinki was formally arrested by Baguiati Police after investigators got some substantial evidence in favour of the rape and assault complaints lodged by the victim, with whom Pinki was staying for the past three years.On Friday, the live-in partner of the former athlete claimed that while staying together, Pinki had confessed that the medical board was bribed and that she was forced to leave track as there were chances of getting caught.\"Pinki started torturing me when I refused to pay money. I have paid money by selling ornaments,\" said the complainant. The former athlete, however, rubbished the allegations and once again claimed that the live-in partner was leveling false charges.Making a shift from the earlier stance, Pinki, on Friday, agreed to participate in the medical test which will determine the former athlete's gender and submitted a written petition to magistrate Ishani Chakraborty.On Friday, the magistrate ordered district chief medical officer to conduct medical test and complete it before Pinki's next production on June 29.On the basis of the complaint by the live-in partner, Bidhannagar Police has charged Pinki under sections 376 (rape), 417 (impersonation), 325 (assault) and 506 (intimidation) of IPC. A team of three legal counsels comprising Tuhin Roy, Amaljyoti Ghosh and Madhab Sanyal appeared for Pinki. They argued that the complainant's allegations are fake. \"The accused and the complainant have been staying together for last three years and if they are physically intimate, that's mutual and not forced,\" they argued.The magistrate also said the jailer and investigating officer will decide in which ward (male or female) Pinki will be kept.\"We will go by the custody warrant. If the order suggests that Pinki is the daughter of the parents, then the former athlete will be put in the female ward, or else otherwise\" said a senior jail official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14169677", "title": "Illegal shops removed from Central market", "text": "MADURAI: City corporation officials cracked the whip on unauthorised shops in the Central market in Madurai on Friday.In an early morning raid, the officials found that more than 100 such unauthorised shops have mushroomed in the market. The officials, led by city corporation commissioner R Nandagopal immediately ordered the removal of the shops.The corporation officials brought two trucks and seized the vegetables and other goods from the unauthorised shops and sent them to orphanages in the city, while the vendors were asked to leave the market immediately.However, the irate vendors gathered at the civic body's office and attempted to stage a protest, Mayor V V Rajana Chellappa held talks with them following which they dispersed. Corporation officials said that the raids were carried out based on complaints from the authorised shop owners.The authorised shop owners said that while they pay rent to the civic body, several persons had put up these unauthorised shops without paying rent to the corporation. While these shops caused a loss of revenue to the corporation, they also affected the sales in the authorised shops, besides clogging the space in the market.The Central Market near Mattuthavani integrated bus stand has about 450 permanent shops and 1200 open shops. The permanent shops are under monthly rental basis and the petty shops are on a daily license fee basis. The petty shops are mostly occupied by small merchants and farmers of nearby villages.Two of the shopkeepers had even approached the Madurai bench of the Madras high court alleging that two individuals were attempting to operate open shops along with 50 other persons within the Central market. The shopkeepers alleged in their petition that open spaces were illegally allotted to them in favour of the two persons without following any procedure of allotment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14163860", "title": "ITBP campaign for a clean Ganga", "text": "KOLKATA: A team from the Indo Tibetan Border Police is trying to achieve in 58 days what two editions of the ambitious Ganga Action Plan have failed in 26 years. Christened 'Ganga Punardarshan', the river rafting expedition from Gomukh in the Himalayas to Ganga Sagar in the Bay of Bengal is an awareness campaign on the need to clean the river and save its ecosystem. Ironically Ganga, considered the holiest river by crores of Hindus, is also one of the most polluted rivers in the world, carrying billions of tonne of industrial and municipal waste.The 21-member team reached the city on Thursday and was flagged off by Governor M K Narayanan on Friday as they set out for the final stretch to Gangasagar. The expedition had begun on April 24 and will conclude on June 20, traversing 2,525km as the river meanders through Uttaranchal, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand and West Bengal. The team rafts during the day and rests at night in villages or towns.Beyond awareness, the expedition is also attempting to map the pollution level in the river and is collecting samples of the water every 50km. The samples will be analysed in a laboratory. The samples and the report will then be displayed at environment awareness programmes that are subsequently held in various cities along the banks of the river.The experienced rafters braved icy-cold winds in the upper reaches of the river and scorching heat in the plains as the river flowed through the northern heartland before reaching the hot and sultry climes in Kolkata. \"Such an expedition has never been done before. As we travelled down the river, the water quality progressively deteriorated. The river water turned extremely murky in UP and then got worse as it flowed downstream,\" said ITBP deputy inspector general S S Mishra, who is leading the expedition.The aim of the expedition is to create awareness about water pollution in the rivers of India and also preservation of flora and fauna in Ganga.\"The amount of waste dumped in the river is unimaginable. Apart from industrial waste, municipal waste and religious waste, disposal of hundreds of dead bodies in the river was the most shocking,\" said 26-year-old Bimal Biswas, a team member.\"Pollution in Ganga river is the most pressing issue at present and ITBP's initiative of revisiting Ganga is both unique and challenging. I am happy that they have reached this far successfully,\" Narayanan said.On May 19 this year, a team of ITBP personnel had also scaled Mt Everest as part of the golden jubilee celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176008", "title": "Celebs at Idiot's premiere", "text": "Raja festival is a time when the Odia audience witnesses simultaneous movie releases of the big stars of Ollywood. After Arindam-Archita's \"Raja Jhia Sange Heigala Bhaba\" and Anubhav-Barsha's \"Matric Fail\", it was the time for the premiere of Babusan-Riya's \"Idiot\".Though Riya's absence at the event disappointed many, the crowd that gathered in front of the theatre and cheered on loudly when they spotted director Ashok Pati along with Babusan, Samaresh Routray, Aparajita and Uttam Mohanty. Music director Goldy Rath and singer Tapu Mishra were also present at the screening.According to Ashok Pati, the movie \u2014 a love-triangle between the characters played by Babusan, Riya and Debasish \u2014 has all the masala for entertainment. \"During the festive season, movie-goers want a high dose of entertainment. I've tried my best to satisfy them,\" said the director. When asked how his movie is different from the other two releases, Ashok said, \"People have seen my films. They know how my movie is different from that of others. I've full faith on the audience. They're the best judges.\" But some people from among the audience found uncanny similarities between this movie and a Bollywood hit starring Salman Khan, Aishwarya Rai and Ajay Devgn. We wonder what the director has to say about this. Watch this space for more!Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14167241", "title": "Hotel tariffs to rise July onwards", "text": "INDORE: This tourism season you will have to shell out more bucks to stay at hotels. Even liquor will be more expensive as the hotels are all set to increase their tariff from July 1, the industry insiders say.Currently, the hotels in the state charge 16.18% of overall tax. It includes 6.18% of luxury and 10% of service taxes for suite rent per guest. While, the service tax will remain unchanged at 10%, the luxury tax will go up to 7.42% against the existing 6.18%. These rates will be applicable for suite rent up to Rs 1,999 per day. In case the suite rent goes beyond the mark, the tax component is down at 5.42%. However, this rate will also go up to 7.42%. Thus, the overall tax for such hotels will go up to 17.42%.The rate for suites at Sayaji Hotel in Indore, which is witnessing an occupancy of 70% on an average, will go up by 1.18% in the new tax regime. Hitesh Verma, head, accommodation at the hotel said that any further rise in the tax will mean that the customers will reduce their spending during their stay at my property. The overall tax on liquor services too will go high from the existing 18% to 19.55%.The increase in tariff is attributed to hike in service tax to be levied by the government on hotels from July 1, said a source familiar with the development. The government has already jacked up taxes on hotel industry for three times in the past three months.S N Gadia, a chartered accountant who is a regular at city hotels, said, \"Today, the problem is that nobody opposes the government's such moves.\"The hotel industry has split view about the impact the hike will have on business. Though some say that the hike will not affect the business this season, many believe otherwise. Major part of service tax rise has already been implemented since April 1. \"As such, I don't think the increase in service tax will have any major impact,\" said Arun Arora, general manager of Radission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167113", "title": "Iran keen on buying wheat, sends delegation to state", "text": "BHOPAL: Iran, facing a UN sanction over its alleged nuclear programme and a shortage of wheat is looking up to Madhya Pradesh to feed its population. A two-member delegation from Iran is in the state capital to explore the possibility of wheat export from MP.A bumper wheat yield followed by record procurement by the state government has propelled MP close to Haryana, which is the second largest wheat producer in the country after Punjab. The latest statistics suggest that MP has procured 8.5 million tones of wheat under the minimum support price (MSP) as against 12.98 MT by Punjab and 8.65 MT by Haryana. The two member Iranian delegation comprising an international affairs department personal and a plant pathologist who arrived here on Friday are scheduled to visit places in and around the state capital to check the quality of wheat produced here.The team is leaving the state capital on Saturday morning after getting a first-hand information of the wheat quality in the state.It would be too early to say that Iran would procure wheat from the state given the Iranian delegation has arrived in the state capital just today,\" Madhya Pradesh Warehousing &amp; Logistics Corporation managing director Sheo Shekhar Shukla said. Speculations are rife that Iran is keen to purchase 10 lakh MT of wheat from MP. Right now, the state is facing problem of plenty with yield lying in open as the warehouses are full. There is inadequate storage facility in Bhopal, Raisen, Hoshangabad, Harda, Sehore and Vidisha districts, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "baghmundi (purulia)", "code": "14163758", "title": "She is my daughter, says mom", "text": "BAGHMUNDI (PURULIA): \"I gave birth to her. She is my daughter. Who else would know that better than me,\" said Pushpa Pramanik, mother of Pinki.Disbelief is palpable at this remote village of Tilkadi, close to Bengal-Jharkhand border, ever since her live-in partner alleged that Pinki was actually a man and had raped her.Villagers who know her since she was a child are shocked. \"She is the most decent girl we have seen in our village. How can she rape another girl?\" asked neighbour Mahamaya Ghosh. The villagers believe that Pinki has been framed.\"She had been obsessed with sports since childhood. All the day she used to play. She was a bit tomboyish and sometimes used to wear shirts, trousers and shorts. She used to say that it helped her play well,\" said Pinki's father Durga Charan Pramanik.\"Had she been a boy, we would have tried to have another child. After her birth, we had two more girl children,\" said mother Pushpa.It is very humiliating for her, said her father who wanted a thorough and impartial probe into the whole matter.Durga Charan alleged that Pinki's partner is trying to blackmail her. \"She wanted to grab her property. I had asked Pinki several times to avoid such company. But she did not pay heed to that. Now she is paying the price,\" said Durga Charan.If medical investigation finally proves that Pinki is actually a man, what would you say? Both her parents appeared nervous. \"She has been out of the house for nearly 12 years. We don't know what happened during this time,\" said her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159546", "title": "Vasna robbery bid: Main accused held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police got custody of Ajay Goswami alias Ajay Sharma, the main accused in attempted robbery case at Muthoot Finance's Vasna branch on May 5, from Kutch (west) police. During his remand, police tried to get details of his accomplice.Ajay, along with his brother, had barged into the finance company's Vasna branch on a Saturday afternoon. The duo, armed with country-made weapons, threatened the manager and another employee worker and tried to entre the strong room. Timely entry of a female customer, gave the manage a chance to activate an alarm. The miscreants fled from the spot after firing two rounds in air.\"Kutch local crime branch nabbed Goswami from Gebansha Pir Road, Isanpur for his involvement in Rs 12.50 lakh robbery from Bank of India's Bharasar branch in 2011. Along with other crimes, Goswami confessed to Rs 5 lakh robbery from ADC Bank and attempt to robbery at Vasna,\" said Vejalpur police inspector H P Dave.Goswami started his career as a driver with a private firm in Mundra and then shifted to Ahmedabad. He chose to target banks with NRI accounts in Kutch. tnnGoswami soon started robbing banks in Kutch, Anand and Ahmedabad. A native of Morena in Madhya Pradesh, he is wanted for more than 10 cases in Madhya Pradesh, including that of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162553", "title": "After Jagan win, Congress MLAs set to jump ship?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Delivering a knuckle sandwich on the Congress, YSR Congress boss Jaganmohan Reddy is now a force to reckon with in Andhra politics. As soon as the results became clear, YSR Congress sources claimed at least a dozen Congress MLAs have got in touch with Jagan, a development that could destabilize the Kiran Kumar Reddy government.The Congress now has 153 MLAs while the number of YSR Congress legislators has shot up to 17 from two. \"Real bad times are going to start for chief minister Kiran Reddy because Jagan is going to hit the Congress with all he has,\" said YSRCP leader, even as AICC sources indicated that New Delhi will start scouting for a new CM and PCC president after the presidential issues are sorted out. They said Kiran Reddy and Botsa Satyanarayana have failed to arrest Jagan's growth.Jagan saw the bypoll results on Doordarshan, the only channel available at Chanchalguda jail. By late afternoon, his mother Vijayamma and sister Sharmila were down in jail with sweets, even as party workers broke out in wild celebrations across the state. \"In 2014, my brother will be elected the chief minister of the state,\" Sharmila told reporters outside the jail.According to YSRCP, the popularity of late and much lamented Rajasekhara Reddy and the sympathy whipped up by Jagan's arrest by the CBI, were the main factors. Also, the consolidation of Reddy, minority and dalit votes \u2014 and women voters turning out in large numbers in response to the campaigning by Vijayamma and Sharmila \u2014 contributed to Jagan's massive victory. \"Apart from establishing ourselves as the only force in the Seema-Andhra region, we proved that the Telangana people are not against us, as our performance in Parkal has shown,\" said a YSRCP leader.Jagan may now be expected to consolidate his position with parties like TMC, JD(U), SP and AIADMK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14175533", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam's name in President race has led to chaos: M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Key UPA ally DMK on Friday said naming of APJ Abdul Kalam in the Presidential race has led to chaos and reaffirmed its support to the Congress' candidate.\"Kalam in Tamil also means chaos. Anyhow, chaos has broken out in the Presidential election,\" DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi told reporters when asked about TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's insistence on Kalam for the top post.He, however, said DMK would not go back on its assurance already given to Congress to back its nominee.\"DMK will not back out once it gives it's support. We don't retract after proposing somebody,\" he said to a question if the \"chaos\" would lead to any change in his party's stand.\"We are firm on what we had said. Defence minister AK Antony who is said to be a honest man met me (last month) on behalf of Congress. I had extended my support to the message he had brought from (Congress chief) Sonia Gandhi,\" he said.He parried a question on whether the result of the Presidential poll will have an impact on the next Lok Sabha elections, saying he cannot reply to speculation.He termed as \"expected\" YSR Congress Party's performance in Andhra Pradesh by-elections.Asked if Congress' poor performance in the recent five state polls and today's by-elections in Andhra Pradesh would reflect in the general elections, he only said, \"Win or loss cannot be reflected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14168500", "title": "Mumbai aims at total ban of plastic bags", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been waging a war against plastic bags as they were one of the main culprits of the disastrous floods of July 2005. Bags thinner than 50 microns have been banned in the city, but activists say plastic must be totally banned to eradicate the problem.Additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani said, \"We have a threefold approach: awareness, appeal and implementation. Ward officers spread awareness of the dangers of plastic. At the zonal level, deputy municipal commissioners meet shopkeeper and hawker associations and urge them to reduce the use of plastic bags. Lastly, it's strict enforcement of rules.\"With the rains soon approaching, officials have been working hard to contain the menace. Rameshwar Nandanwar, chief inspector (shops &amp; establishments), said, \"We have a list of shops and distributors caught selling or distributing plastic bags thinner than 50 microns. Our officials conduct checks on these establishments every month. We also act on tip-offs from some residents and activists.\"In 2011, the BMC levied fines totaling Rs 5,000 for the sale/distribution of bags thinner than 50 microns and smaller than 8x12 inches; a second-time offender was fined Rs 10,000, and the third time meant an imprisonment of three months and a fine of Rs 25,000. The civic body seized 3,268.8 kg of plastic and apprehended 7,464 offenders in 2011. This year, till May, the BMC seized 1350.57 kg plastic bags and collected Rs 18,28,720 in fines.Adtani told, TOI, \"The seized plastic is shredded and recycled.\"Adtani, who encouraged residents' participation in the drive against plastic, said, \"If residents have complaints regarding illegal plastic bags, they can call the 1916 helpline.\"Environmentalist Sumaira Abdulali said, \"Without proper implementation, it's just a paper tiger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167084", "title": "College principal, policeman stabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: In two different incidents, a college principal from Ashok Nagar was stabbed here late on Thursday while a police constable was stabbed over a trivial issue on Friday afternoon. Both the victims are safe and undergoing treatment.Police said, Ravindra Nath principal in-charge of a BEd college in Ashok Nagar had come to Bhopal for some work and was staying at the residence of his friend Yogendra Yadav in Shivaji Nagar. Yadav is an official working with the state education department here. Nath was alone in the house when an unidentified person knocked the door and pierced a sharp edged weapon in his abdomen as soon as he opened the door.After the incident, injured Nath called Yadav who rushed him to a hospital and also informed the police. The victim is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. The police have started investigations.In the other incident, a 24-year-old constable Yuvraj was stabbed after a row over a minor road accident near the MP Nagar police station. The accused have been identified as Rahul, Chotu and Khurram. The victim and his brother were heading on a bike when they picked up a fight with the trio after a minor mishap. During the altercation the accused attacked him with a screw driver. He sustained wounds in the head and stomach, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14165880", "title": "Ayurveda medicine gaining currency in Heritage City", "text": "MYSORE: Age-old and time-tested ayurveda seems to be the preferred choice of many a Mysorean even when modern medicine rules the roost elsewhere. People from outside too are flocking to doctors and hospitals extending the ancient Indian system of medicine for treatment.When parents of K Shwetha, a native of Belthday in Periyapatna taluk, got her diagnosed, they realized that she was suffering from arthritis. They approached doctors in Mysore and Bangalore, but the bone-related ailment persisted. \"My daughter is feeling good after we chose ayurvedic medicine for her. She is slowly recovering now,\" said Shwetha's mother Mahima.\"Patients usually find ayurveda as a solution after trying other kinds of modern medicines. They come in wheelchair, but step out walking\" said Dr Gurubasavaraj, chief medical officer of JSS Ayurvedic Hospital. \"Ayurveda is not merely a science of treating, but is also an art of living,\" he added. More patients are turning to the age-old way of treatment. \"On an average, around 100 patients from all walks of life visit the hospital. Ayurveda has answers to most of modern-day illnesses,\" he said, adding: \"For Mysoreans, arthritis is a major health problem, which is a direct result of change in lifestyle and food habits. Even youths are developing health problems like obesity.\"World Health Organization has considered ayurveda as part of healthcare system and $65,000 million is the turnover of the herbal marketing across the world. \"Even MNCs find ayurveda worthy of investment,\" Dr Gurubasavaraj added.\"Modern system of medicine can only work in emergencies like cardiac arrest. But for diseases related to skin, complaints like headaches and migraine, and ortho problems like arthiritis and splondiosis, ayurveda is favoured,\" emphasized Dr N V Krishnamurthy, professor and HoD of post-graduation in Panchakarma.Panchakarma treatment has more demand among all ayurvedic treatment, and even foreigners opt for it. About 70% patients from Mysore and surrounding places opt for ayurveda, and 15% of them are foreigners,\" he said. Response to ayurveda treatment is slow compared to modern medicine, but nevertheless, it treats completely and has no side-effects. \"Cost of treatment is also low. Corporates and techies find ayurveda as best stress-buster. The demand for this is substantially increasing for the past 10 years,\" he added.Ebin, a businessman from Kottyam in Kerala, who has admitted his father suffering from disk complaints to an ayurvedic hospital in Mysore, said: \"I tried all possible treatments in Kerala, but to no avail. My father is recovering here,\" he said, with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14181474", "title": "'Topless' Nadya Suleman poses with baby clothes in porn flick", "text": "LONDON: Nadya Suleman, who is better known as Octomum, sunk to a new low by posing topless under a washing line full of baby clothes.Suleman famously gave birth to eight babies in the USA while already a single mum of six.She plans to pay off huge debts by starring in x-rated flick 'Octomom: Home Alone', and said that she is doing the movie to \"take care\" of her family.The film has been labelled as porn in internet reports, although Suleman claims it is not pornographic because \"the only flesh I am touching is my own.\"In one shot, children's clothes are seen hung on the line and scattered around her as she sits bare-chested on a stool touching one of her breasts, the Sun reported.Another image shows Suleman doing the ironing in her lingerie. While other shots show her covered in bubbles in the bath, and lying with her boobs out on a bed covered in leopard-skin spread.The 36-year-old Octomum, has previously defended her actions, saying: \"All that matters is I take care of my family.\"If it's a well-paying job, and it allows me to move into a safe home that they deserve, I'm going to do it,\" she said.The struggling Californian recently filed for bankruptcy after failing to pay debts of more than 600,000 including her mortgage, power bills and money owed to a Christian school, according to court papers.Suleman's bankruptcy suit follows claims she was neglecting her brood. Her octuplets were born in 2009 and are now aged three.She said that she has been celibate for 13 years and that they were conceived via a sperm donor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168245", "title": "Three aides of gangster Sharad Mohol held for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: The Haveli police on Friday arrested three accomplices of gangster Sharad Mohol for allegedly attempting to extort Rs 50,000 from a talahi in Bhugaon.The suspects have been identified as Hemant Pandurang Dabhekar (24) of Sutardara in Kothrud, Bade Khan Daval Shaikh (20) and Amit Pathak (23), both from Kelewadi in Kothrud. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Namdev Pasalkar of Vadgaon Budruk, with the Haveli police station on Thursday.Mohol, along with his another accomplice Alok Bhalerao allegedly strangled the suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui inside the high security 'anda cell' in the Yerawada Central Jail on June 8.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector of the Haveli police station Shivajirao Deokar said on June 13, the suspects followed Pasalkar to his residence. \"Dabhekar went to his house and told Pasalkar that he is a member of the Sharad Mohol gang. He said the gang needed money and demanded that Pasalkar paid him Rs 50,000,\" Deokar said.Dabhekar told Pasalkar to arrange the money by Saturday, and threatened to kill him if he failed to give them the money. \"Pasalkar then lodged a complaint against the trio with the police,\" Deokar said.While assistant inspector Namdeo Kauthale of the Haveli police station nabbed Dabhekar on Friday morning, the other two were arrested on Friday evening. \"Dabhekar is a criminal on police records and has cases of murder and dacoity registered against him with the Kothrud police,\" Deokar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14168960", "title": "\u2018Power through windmills more suited for Uttarakhand\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: When the saints and devotees of Ganga have launched a crusade for uninterrupted flow of Ganga, demanding immediate stopping of hydroelectric projects (HEPs) in Uttarakhand, the supporters HEPs are also raising voice citing development based on these projects.Hundreds of Ganga warriors left for New Delhi from Varanasi on Thursday. More groups would go to Delhi from different parts of the country to hold a rally at Jantar Mantar on June 18 in support of their demands. At the same time the supporters of hydropower projects will also assemble in New Delhi on June 17.\"It is not a good sign. Opposition or support is not the solution of a problem that could be solved scientifically. I am not in favour of damming the river for electricity generation, but being a scientist I would suggest scientific alternative instead of opting for a warpath,\" said Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmental scientist at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and expert member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA).\"The high wind speed in the Uttarakhand due to low-pressure belt creates suitable environment for the production of electricity through windmills. The use of windmills may mitigate the negative impact of the anthropogenic activities in these areas,\" Tripathi said while talking TOI. According to him, promotion of windmills for generation of electricity in Uttarakhand in place of hydropower projects, which require huge land area and water, shall help in maintenance of the ecological flow of Ganga, which is currently a burning issue and the main objective of NGRBA. \"I have also written to the Prime Minister, who is the chairperson of NGRBA, and the chief minister of Uttarakhand, suggesting promotion of windmills,\" he said.It may be mentioned here that June 15 is celebrated worldwide as Global Wind Day. It is a day for discovering wind, its power and the possibilities it holds to change the world. In more than 75 countries around the world, wind farms are in operation, generating energy from a clean and renewable source. The European Wind Energy Association (EWEA) and the Global Wind Energy Council (GWEC) coordinate the Global Wind Day through a network of partners. Coincidentally, the 'Rio Earth Summit' is also going to be held from June 20 to 22 and the world leaders, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, will converge in Brazil. The gathering is being billed as a landmark event for the planet's future and the theme of the conference is 'building the global green economy'.\"We need energy for development but it should not be at the cost of environment,\" said Tripathi, who was recently on a 17-day intensive Ganga Yatra in Uttarakhand on a field-based ecological study in May. During his yatra, he visited Ganga, Bhagirathi, Alaknanda, Mandakini, Pindar, Dhauli Ganga, Nandakani, Sone Ganga, Yamuna and other places. He also visited different dams and hydroelectric projects to study anthropogenic activities and impact on Ganga. The main objective of his study was to identify anthropogenically induced ecological problems of Ganga in Uttarakhand and suggest remedial measures to overcome the problems of the river and its important head streams.\"A large number of hydroelectric power projects have been commissioned and proposed on Ganga and Alaknanda. These power projects are not only causing submersion of large land area, which results in loss of flora and fauna, but also altering natural rhythm of nature, sediment and nutrient regimes, temperature, chemical qualities of water, fresh water biodiversity and reproductive capabilities of aquatic animals. This also creates high hydraulic pressure at a given point of earth, which may stimulate earthquake and landslides,\" observed Tripathi.According to him, construction of dams causes huge destruction of mountain ecosystem including reduction in the natural flow and dilution capacity of the river resulting enhancement of the pollution. Natural flow of majority of rivers has been obstructed and at many places main paths of these rivers have been diverted through the tunnels due to which the river had dried in long stretches. The diversion of rivers had also created various socio-economic and religious problems to the local inhabitants. Their local resource based livelihood (such as agriculture, domestication of animals and religious activities) suffer significantly, enhancing unemployment and poverty.\"In such a situation, it would be wise to encourage wind energy, instead of ravaging the nature. The tunnel technology applied in power generation is spoiling the basic use of river,\" said Tripathi, adding that Uttrakhand had great potential of wind energy and there was no risk involved in it. However, the Uttarakhand Renewable Energy Development Agency (UREDA) is in progress of installing a 2.4 mw Grid Interactive Wind Power Generation Project at Bacheli Khal in Tehri Garhwal. It will be the first wind power generation project of Uttarakhand.According to the report of the Centre for Wind Energy Technology, an autonomous research and development institution under the ministry of New and Renewable Energy, growing concern for the environmental degradation has led to the world's interest in renewable energy resources. Wind is commercially and operationally the most viable renewable energy resource and accordingly, emerging as one of the largest source in terms of renewable energy sector.According to another report of Global Wind Energy Council (GWEC), India had a record year for new wind energy installations in 2010, with 2,139 mw of new capacity added to reach a total of 13,065 mw at the end of the year. Renewable energy is now 10.9% of installed capacity, contributing about 4.13% to the electricity generation mix and wind power accounts for 70% of this installed capacity. The states with highest wind power concentration are Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14163995", "title": "Experts see hope for stalled reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expectations of a revival in economic reforms emerged on Friday after the virtual isolation of Trinamool Congress from UPA.The optimism is strengthened by the assessment that Pranab Mukherjee's elevation to Rashtrapati Bhavan may result in a relook at controversial decisions such as the Vodafone tax issue and a change in the way tax authorities were allowed to exercise clout, reversing the trajectory of tax reforms. On Vodafone, the tax department is already \"going slow\" over raising a fresh demand on the company. A reshuffle in the finance ministry set up under a new finance minister is not ruled out. Sources say the PMO has identified 20 executive decisions that can be taken soon.Opposition from Mamata stalled reform initiatives, from opening up multi-brand retail to FDI and pension sector reforms. The UPA government had to face embarrassment after Banerjee partially reversed the increase in railway fares and replaced Dinesh Trivedi.Experts feel the pace of reforms may now pick up also because post-Mukherjee, PM Manmohan Singh may be in a position to get the finance ministry aligned to his views. Reforms through legislative action would still be difficult. But the government will attempt measures which are least controversial and can be done through administrative action.\"It has become a little easier now because the opposition within the coalition will be limited. If SP gives support then the reforms can be accelerated,\" said D H Pai Panandikar, president RPG Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158253", "title": "Parents sold teen into flesh trade for Rs 10k", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police on Wednesday evening rescued a bruised and battered 16-year-old victim of human trafficking from city's notorious red-light locality Ganga Jamuna. The girl, a native of Kota in Rajasthan, was sold to the flesh trade racket for Rs 10,000. In city's brothel, she was forced to entertain clients or else starve and face torture.Her parents, in connivance with flesh trade racketeers from red-light locality, had sent the girl into prostitution. Police have registered an offence against the parents Babarao Chaitrawat and Munnibai along with a woman identified as Jantabai, after recording statement of the girl. Shockingly, the girl was told by her parents 'to work hard' when she was leaving for Nagpur with Jantabai who paid the money to parents.The two-month ordeal of the girl came to an end in a rather dramatic way after a customer under influence of liquor alerted the police control room about the teenager. Sheena (name changed) had expressed her plight to the customer. Police said Sheena claimed there were two other teenagers along with her in the brothel but are yet to be rescued. Sources claimed girl's body bore several injury marks. She also told the police that the brothel-owner would force her to engage in prostitution through grave threats and relentless abuse.Senior inspector R Unawane of Lakadganj police station said the girl had been kept in government shelter home. Her medical examination has been also done. \"We are now trying to nab the culprits,\" said Unawane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "veena malik, who is all set to sizzle as silk smitha in the kannada film 'the dirty picture", "code": "14179837", "title": "Wanna share an apple with Veena?", "text": "Veena Malik, who is all set to sizzle as Silk Smitha in the Kannada film 'The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga', is all set to enact an episode that happened in the yesteryear sex siren's life.It is said that during the peak of Silk Smitha's popularity, an apple that she bit into was auctioned to fans. Similarly, an apple that Veena Malik bit into, during the promotional photo shoot of the film, will be auctioned by the makers of the film to her fans.We wonder if there will be any takers when that auction really does happen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14169197", "title": "4 new HC judges take oath", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four newly-appointed judges of the Punjab and Haryana high court took oath of office and secrecy on Friday morning. Acting chief justice Jasbir Singh administered the oath to new judges in a simple ceremony held in the premises of the high court. He read out the warrants of appointment of new judges issued by the President of India.The newly-appointed judges are R P Nagrath, Satpal Banger, Rekha Mittal and Inderjeet Singh. All of them have been elevated as high court judges on promotion. Prior to their elevation, R P Nagrath was working as registrar general of the Punjab and Haryana high court, while Rekha Mittal and Inderjeet Singh were working in the capacity of district and sessions judge in Punjab. However, Satpal Banger had retired in March this year because of delay in the clearance of these names from the Union government. Now, as per the warrants of appointment, he will remain judge of the Punjab and Haryana high court till February 2014.With their appointment, the number of judges in the local high court has reached 43 and number of women judges would reach to five. Importantly, the high court is facing acute shortage of judges because presently there are only 39 judges against the sanctioned strength of 68 judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14161417", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation's panel meet foggy on civic issues", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporations's (NMC) standing committee meeting on Friday remained inconclusive on the issues mentioned according to its agenda. The enforcement of the election code of conduct for MLC polls of the teachers'constit-uency, was cited as the reason for this.After committee member Gholap raised the issue of an infant's death at the NMC-run Indira Gandhi hospital, commissioner Sanjay Khandare made it clear that employee negligence would not be tolerated.\"The enquiry following the death of the infant and the suspension of two nurses and medical officer because they were found negligent should be remembered by everybody,\" Khandare said.The adherence of the eleciton code-of-conduct resulted in members discussing discuss issues that led to inconclusive decision-making.Some of the issues that were raised during the meeting included the lack of parking space in the city that was creating traffic problems and the use of clean drinking water to douse fire in a compost plant.Committee members including Dinkar Patil, P L Londhe, Ajay Boraste, Rahul Gholap and others were part of the discussions that ensued over these matters.Standing committe chairman Uddhav Nimse asked the administration to provide conclusive and coomplete information of the compost manufacturing project to be discussed in the following meeting. Details such as the plant's machinery set up, the total compost produced and production turn-over were sought.Members also hoped that the administration would stress on clearing the water hyacinths from Godavari River at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14160620", "title": "\u2018Right to private defence only on reasonable fear\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person can kill one under the right of self-defence only on reasonable apprehensions of threat to his own life from the offender, the Supreme Court has ruled.An SC bench said the injury which is inflicted by a person exercising the right should be commensurate with the injury with which he is threatened.\"Right of private defence can't be used to do away with a wrong doer unless the person concerned has a reasonable cause to fear that otherwise death or grievous hurt might ensue in which case that person would have full measure of the right to private defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14181903", "title": "Maharaja Sayajirao University fracas: CCTV recording conspicuously erased, alleges ABVP", "text": "VADODARA: In a new twist to the fracas that had erupted at Maharaja Sayajirao University's Faculty of Commerce last week, ABVP has alleged that faculty dean had conspicuously ordered to delete CCTV recordings.It was on last Saturday that rival camps of the 'Parivaar' had hurdled verbal and physical abuses at the faculty when admission season was in full swing. ABVP had alleged that a teacher Dr Pragnesh Shah, who belongs to the rival BJP-RSS camp, had allegedly assaulted former general secretary of MSU Students Union Smit Thakur after heated arguments over a petty issue of banners.MSU has constituted a jumbo-sized committee of seven members to probe the incident.On Saturday, ABVP leaders in a representation to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh claimed that two days after the incident that occurred on June 9, the faculty dean issued orders to repair the CCTV cameras at the faculty.\"The recording of CCTV cameras would have revealed the real scenario. After any incident, it is the job of the probe agency, to seal the premises and take CCTV recording into its possession. But here is a situation where the dean of the faculty issued orders to repair the CCTV cameras, thereby deleting all the recordings,\" Thakur, ABVP's Gujarat state joint secretary said, adding that as proof they have bill worth Rs 1100 charged by the agency that 'repaired' the CCTV cameras on June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14166451", "title": "Shriyanka Sadangi wins air rifle gold", "text": "PUNE: Teenage shooter Shriyanka Sadangi created a sensation on Friday by winning the 10M air rifle women's junior gold at the ISSF international junior competition in Suhl, Germany. Seventeen-year-old Shriyanka, who hails from Sambalpur in Orissa and based in Delhi, clinched the top honours after pipping Amelie Perment of France by 0.1 point with a 10.8 in her last shot in the finals.A 9.7 in the eighth round had set her back and she was in third position after the ninth round, but the Gun For Glory academy-trained Shriyanka kept her nerves to hit the bull's-eye when it mattered. Shriyanka, who bagged the silver in the Asian Championships in Doha earlier this year and the gold in the Asian air gun championships in Kuwait last year, hit a 398 in the qualifying and followed it up with 102.9 in the final.Perment clinched the silver in a shoot-off with Nadine Ungerank of Austria. Both ended up with an overall tally of 500.8 but the French had a first shot of 10.5 as against her rival's 10.1 in the tie-break.Maharashtra's Tejaswini Muley was unlucky to miss out on a medal despite scoring 399, one more than Shriyanka, in the qualifying as she could muster only 100.8 in the medal match. The other Indian in the fray, Apurvi Chadela, finished 12th with 394.The duo, however, had the consolation of winning the team silver in tandem with Shriyanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167598", "title": "Woman gets superbug with breast implant", "text": "MUMBAI: When a new mother from south Mumbai sought medical help for the significant distortion of her right breast, the term super-bug never crossed her mind. She may, however, be the most telling example of poor infection-control in Indian hospitals and the ensuing threat to patients undergoing surgeries.The 30-year-old, who had undergone a breast implant surgery in 2009, was found to be suffering from an MRSA infection. MRSA (Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) is one of the most potent superbugs or bacteria resistant to antibiotics. A few years back, the medical journal Lancet carried a series of controversial articles stating that newer superbugs such as NDM-1 (New Delhi Metallo-Beta-Lactamase 1) had emerged from India.The young mother's right breast was not only more than double the size of the left, it was also lumpy and painful. An evaluation revealed that she first experienced firmness in her breast six months after the surgery, but she thought it was a result of her pregnancy. But the firmness worsened after she delivered her baby and started breast-feeding.It was only when the doctors did an MRI scan did they realize that there was an infection in the lining (capsule) of the implant. \"The MRI scan showed she was suffering from capsular contracture,\" said Dr Mohan Thomas, consultant cosmetic surgeon at Breach Candy Hospital. \"She had undergone the cosmetic surgery in another hospital. By the time she came to us, the capsule (implant lining) of her right breast was about 12mm in size,\" he said, adding a normal lining does not go beyond 2mm in thickness.The body reacts to any implant by forming a protective lining around it. This is referred to as the \"capsule\" or \"tissue capsule\" and is formed by one's own tissue. In some women, however, the capsule shrinks, squeezing the implant, referred to as capsular contracture. The tighter the capsule becomes, the firmer the breast feels.It was only after her surgery that the reason for the capsular contracture was found. \"While doing the surgery, a large amount of pus and fluid kept oozing out of her breast. We had to remove layers and layers of the capsule. After the surgery, we sent the fluid for examination and it turned out to be MRSA,\" said Dr Thomas. What surprised doctors was that clinical tests showed no signs of the infection, but only the fluid filled in the capsules showed the presence of the pathogens.\"If this pathogen had spread across the body, it could have killed the person. But in this woman's case, her capsule had taken the whole burden of this pathogen,\" said Dr Thomas. Worse, he said, she could have passed on the infection to her child since she was breast-feeding. After both her implants were removed, the doctors kept her in hospital until they were satisfied that she was free of infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163020", "title": "Farmer splurges Rs 17 lakh on car registration number", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He has fetish for number 1 - that's the only digit in his ancestral house and farm house address and his mobile numbers too end with it. Mohali-based businessman-cum-agriculturist Jagjit Singh Chahal, 40, also has a fleet of eight cars, all having the coveted 0001 registration number.On Friday, he didn't mind shelling out Rs 17 lakh for his latest buy, a Rs 98-lakh SUV, Land Cruiser , at the auction for CH01AN by Registration and Licensing Authority ( RLA), Chandigarh against the reserve price of Rs 25,000.It all started in 1992 when he was just 20. At that time registration numbers were not auctioned and he took PB10K0001 for his Maruti 800 from Ludhiana. Since then, auctions or not, he always got the number 1.\"I wanted to purchase 0001 of the new series and I was willing to pay up to Rs 20 lakh. It's not just mine, even my family too loves number 1 and all our cellphone numbers also end with our favourite number,\" said a beaming Chahal.\"I participated in the first auction of the state in Ludhiana in 2006,\" Chahal said after affixing the new numberplate on his black Land Cruiser.Now, he has over half a dozen luxury vehicles --- all 0001. Many of his employees too have 0001, even on their two-wheelers.Chahal, who runs a tyre business in Chandigarh, has a pharmaceutical factory in Baddi and is an agriculturist, studied at Ludhiana, where his father was serving as a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14165816", "title": "Youth held for raping landlord's daughter", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-old-youth was arrested by Jaipur police from Agra for allegedly abducting and raping his landlord's daughter who live in Subhash Chowk area in the city. The accused identified as Wasim is a resident of Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh and had been staying in Jaipur for the past six months. He knew the victim as he was a tenant in her house between January and May 2012.Divulging the details of the case, Hari Singh, sub-inspector of Subhash Chowk police station said that the victim's parents had lodged a case of abduction and rape against a youth on May 24 when the girl went missing. With the efforts of the police the girl was found on June 9 but the boy went missing.\"In her statements the girl said that the accused took her to various places in and around Agra and raped her,\" said an officer. Based on the charges by the girl a massive hunt to nab the accused was launched and a team was assigned the job to arrest him, the officer added.The team was asked to put his phone on surveillance which actually did the trick for the police. \"The call details of the accused suggested that he was in Agra. Without wasting a minute a team was sent to the place and the accused was arrested on Friday morning,\" said Hari Singh.Police said the accused Wasim was staying in the house for the past six month where he was attracted to the landlord's daughter. After the landlord got to know about it Wasim was asked to vacate the house. However, he continued to stay in the same locality and on May 24 he abducted the girl and took her to various places and allegedly raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14173563", "title": "In surround sound", "text": "Stephen Devassy is a musical prodigy who chose to share his gift with aspiring musicians by starting Muzik Lounge, a state-of-the-art audio technology school in Chennai. Sarah John speaks to the prolific musician on his role as a mentor to the next generation of sound-mastersNot every 14-year-old can play Chopin with his eyes closed but Stephen Devassy could. At the risk of sounding excessive, calling Devassy a \"prodigy\" is not entirely unwarranted. Having started playing music at the age of 12, by the time he was 16, Devassy was setting world records that, to this day, haven't been broken. At 16, he became Asia's highest scorer in solo piano exams from Trinity College of Music in London . By his own admission, his achievements were somewhat unfathomable for the small-town boy from Palakkad whose fingers first touched a keyboard when he was 10. \"I did not hail from a musical family. My parents were not musically inclined and when I eventually informed them that I wanted to be a professional musician they were very confused because they did not know what that meant,\" says Devassy who moved to Chennai seeking more scope for his talents.Professionally, the musician got his first big break when he accompanied Hariharan on his European tour as a keyboardist. Since then, Devassy has arranged music for high-profile music directors and composed music for a few films. He has accompanied AR Rehman on his international concerts and has even performed for the Dalai Lama and the late Pope John Paul II. While he holds each of these experiences dear, he believes that the position he fulfills as a mentor to students at Muzik Lounge is creatively satisfying on a different plane all together. Muzik Lounge is a school for audio technology in the city that is fronted by Stephen and his sound-engineer brother Samuel Devassy. \"The school was, my brother, Sam's idea. When he told me about it, I was eager to share the benefits of my experience with students who were keen on pursuing a career in music,\" he says.A decade ago, when Devassy confessed his desire to pursue music as a career, a few eyebrows were raised. Today, the tune has changed and music has become a socially-acceptable, if not sought-after career. \"The media industry has grown by leaps and bounds and sound is an integral part of media,\" says Devassy. He feels that the demand for sound-engineers has been a study high for the past few years. \"Today, everyone who owns a laptop is capable of creating their own media production. The market for sound engineers lies in the fact that even small-budget independent films are now holding their own and competing with big-banner studio productions,\" he says. While music directors need sound engineers to produce the final mix of the songs, the increased frequency and popularity of public concerts has also ensured good business. Lending a perspective, Devassy says, \"Studio-based sound-engineers can make up to a lakh and a half a month. On concert, a soundengineer is paid nearly Rs 20,000 per concert. He or she can perform at nearly ten concerts each month.\"The Muzik Lounge School of Audio Technology offers diplomas in audio engineering and music technology, both of which are for 18 months. Batch size is restricted to just 23 students and applicants need to possess what Devassy calls \"basic musical ability\" as they are guided through the bases of setting background scores, composing and arranging music. Interested students ought to have completed class XII but the passionate start much younger. \"Our youngest student has just completed class X. He decided not to go to high school and wanted to pursue music full-time. His passion and his interest-levels are just beyond belief,\" says a fairly impressed Devassy. At Muzik Lounge, the 23 students are given a free reign of the state-of-the-art studios and are allowed to use any of the equipment, at any time. As the school seeks to groom world-class sound engineers and musicians, Devassy helps them with the finer aspects of the performance like working with their stage fear, something which the shy 16-year-old boy from Palakkad learnt to cope with own his own. \"Coming from a background such as mine and choosing to pursue music fulltime was tough,\" says Devassy, \"I want to make the path easier for youngsters this time around.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14169877", "title": "Bid to check cyber crimes in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to check cyber crimes and issuing of threats to VVIPs from various cyber cafes in Hazaribag, a four-member special branch team headed by Vinit Kumar, chief technical officer (CTO), reached here to take stock of the situation.On June 2, a former IITian Anurag Kanishk had sent a mail from a cyber cafe to the Delhi commissioner of police threatening to kill the Prime Minister and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for the failure of the UPA government to control prices.Earlier, a threat mail was sent from another cafe to the Delhi police commissioner threatening to kill UPA chief Sonia Gandhi , AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Union home minister P Chidambaram.The CTO said operators were following only 60% of the norms laid down under the rulefor operating the cyber cafes. The team also issued a warning to the the cafe operators that if they violate the rules in future stringent action would be taken against them. Kumar said, \"The operators should be particular about the identity of the sender of threat mails with address proof so that police can locate them easily. If this is done the growing number of cyber crimes can be contained to an great extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159494", "title": "Dawood\u2019s brother \u2018surrenders\u2019 in Dubai", "text": "MUMBAI: Is underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's kin gradually wanting to return to India? Police circles were abuzz that Dawood's younger brother Mustaqium Ibrahim Kaskar had surrendered in UAE. Sources said his second last brother surrendered before the Dubai authorities, as he wanted to return to India.Though police officials did not confirm this, Dawood family lawyer Rajesh Srivastav said, \"I have been told that Mustaqium may come to India as he does not have any criminal case against him. He is after all an Indian; he has a right to stay in India.\"The sources said it could be part of Dawood's game plan to gradually send his kin one by one to India as there was pressureon Pakistan from the US after he was declared a global terrorist in 2009.The Dawood family also has huge benami propertiesin Mumbai. In 2005, Dawood's brother Iqbal had surrendered in UAE and was then deported. He was booked under Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) in the Sara-Sahara shopping complex scam,but was later acquitted.Even if the fugitive don returns, it will be difficult for the police to nail him as most cases are very old, the case papers have been lost and witnesses are either missing or dead, said sources. Dawood suffered a heart attack two years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "14167860", "title": "Unmasked: \u2018Forest boy\u2019 a hoax", "text": "BERLIN: The forest boy mystery is solved: It's not true.Berlin police said on Friday that an English-speaking teenage boy allegedly called Ray who wandered into the city nine months ago saying he had been living in the forest for the last five years has been spinning a yarn.After publishing his picture this week, police said a former girlfriend identified him as a 20-year-old from the Netherlands who was reported missing in September. Neither the Dutch or the Berlin police would identify him due to privacy laws, but the Netherlands' state broadcaster NOS said he was Robin van Helsum.When confronted with the facts, police say van Helsum admitted the truth.In a tale that captured the world's imagination, the then teenager turned up at Berlin city hall on September 5, 2011, saying that he had lived in the woods with his father for five years. Speaking English and a few German words, he said his father had died in August and that after burying him in the woods he walked for five days to reach Berlin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162891", "title": "Water crisis may impact Bonalu", "text": "HYDERABAD: The water crisis in the city is likely to impact the month-long Bonalu festival which kicks off on June 21. Bonalu is one of the biggest festivals in the Telangana region after the Sammakka-Saralamma Jathara with around 400 temples in the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad observing the event in the month of Ashadham (June-July).For the festival, women carry pots (Bonalu) containing cooked rice, fresh water and at times pickle and onion to offer to the mother goddess. The women carry the pots on their heads in a procession and it is a tradition to offer fresh water (shakhalu) to the deity.\" Not only have the water levels receded in the Osmansagar and Himayatsagar reservoirs, the groundwater levels, too, have plummeted,\" Akkanna-Madanna temple president, G Nirajan, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176168", "title": "Lady Gaga slammed by Thai ministry for inappropriate use of flag during concert", "text": "Thailand's Culture Ministry is criticizing Lady Gaga over her improper use of a Thai flag during a Bangkok concert last month.The 26-year-old American pop diva had at that time worn a traditional Thai headdress and a bikini and sat on a motorcycle with a Thai flag tied to it. The ministry said that the act was \"not appropriate and hurt the feelings of the Thai people,\" the New York Daily reported.The ministry's Permanent Secretary Somchai Seanglai said that his agency had given police a summary of public complaints it had received. Seanglai said that is the protocol but the ministry does not intend to seek legal action against the singer.The ' Judas ' singer's Asian tour has been wildly popular but had also raised objections and an Indonesian show of hers was canceled after Muslim hard-liners had denounced it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14165916", "title": "BJP, locals protest against proposed nuke site at Rawatbhata", "text": "JAIPUR: The two under-construction power generating units and the proposed Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC) at the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS) in Rawatbhata have raked up a major controversy with locals claiming that these power units are being set up without the necessary safety measures. The locals, supported by the local BJP unit, had even called for a bandh in Rawatbhata on the issue.Supported by hundreds of locals and party workers, BJP leaders from the area on Friday also led a major protest rally, which ended in mass arrests. Those arrested were later released. The locals were also demanding development of infrastructure around the RAPS site.BJP legislator from Kota South Om Birla, Ladpura MLA Chunnilal Dhakar and others led the rally. They first addressed the crowds before the rally proceeded towards the RAPS site. Later, the agitators submitted a memorandum to the additional district magistrate in support of their demands.The agitators were stopped by the police and about 300 of them, including the BJP leaders, were arrested. The locals for long have been protesting against the new constructions. Birla told TOI that the locals are unhappy over the construction of two new units because of safety concerns.\"The under-construction units - number 7 and 8 - are of 700 MW each. Construction of the Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC) has been proposed too;however, no safety arrangements to combat any nuclear emergency are in place. There are also neither medical and health centers nor the infrastructure well developed. The area has also no schools or community centers, not even a proper road network,'' Birla said.He said any mishap at the site is likely to affect the 213 villages around Rawatbhata. He further said what was worse in that the area was that local people were not getting employment benefits as RAPS has employed very few of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14166973", "title": "4 killed in bus mishap in Bikaner district", "text": "BIKANER: Four persons were killed and several others injured near Bana village in Sri Dungargarh in Bikaner when the bus in which they were travelling turned turtle on Friday.According to SHO Dinesh Meena, the passengers were returning to Hinyera from a wedding ceremony at Dhirdesar Chotiyan.The driver and conductor were allegedly drunk. The driver lost control of the bus near Bana. The bus turned turtle nearly five times before coming to a halt. Some of the passengers were crushed to death between the seats of the bus.Following the accident, the driver and conductor fled the spot.SHO Meena said four passengers -- Om Prakash Jat (25), Bajrang (19), Gopal (8) and Kaluram (15) -- died on the spot and nearly 36 passengers were injured.Villagers from nearby areas helped in rescuing the trapped passengers, the officer said. The seriously injured were referred to PBM hospital in Bikaner.The bodies of the deceased have been handed over to the family. The officer added that a case has been registered against the driver and the conductor under IPC Sections 279, 337, 304A at Sri Dungargarh police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177923", "title": "Jus Ritz is back with 'My Life In Notes'", "text": "Producer/ DJ &amp; Musician Jus Ritz is one of the rising Bhangra stars of the UK. After the huge success of his debut album 'Jus The Beginning' Jus Ritz is back and set to release his second solo album entitled 'My Life In Notes', which is expected to be out worldwide on DAS Records.Jus Ritz's debut album saw him get his name out not only in the UK but also abroad which lead him to do tours in countries such as Canada, Malaysia &amp; India.The debut album saw Jus Ritz climb number one for three weeks on The Bria Asia TV Chart show for the song 'Tere Na Te Glassy''My Life In Notes' the new album has been in the making for over 2 years now it consists of vocalists from the UK &amp; India Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14181019", "title": "Surat MC approves tertiary water treatment plant", "text": "SURAT : The Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) prestigious project of tertiary water treatment plant, which is first of its kind project in the country, has received a nod from the ruling BJP at the standing committee meeting on Friday.Industrial units, especially the textile processing units in Pandesara have welcome the decision taken by the SMC's standing committee for approving the construction of tertiary water treatment plant for satisfying the rising water needs of the industries.The proposal for the plant was re-introduced recently after it was rejected by the ruling BJP in the civic body after two year long deliberations.Bhimji Patel, chairman standing committee of SMC said \"It is a prestigious project and the country's first. The water demand from the industries is increasing and through the tertiary treatment plant we can purify the filthy drainage water for the use by the industrial units and thereby save water from river Tapi\"SMC at present supplies nearly 55 to 60 MLD(million litres per day) of water to Industries located in Pandesara for their industrial use against their requirement of nearly 100 MLD per day.The idea behind the project to be set up at Bamroli-Pandesara is to substitute 40 MLD of potable water by 40 MLD of treated water produced in the plant.The plan is to use this water for the newer areas of the city where the requirement is growing. At present city draws nearly 745 MLD of water for the population of 44. 64 lakh people. About 90 per cent areas are covered with water distribution network of SMC which is spread in 325 sq km area.According to the estimates, water requirements of the city by 2026 are likely to grow to 1200MLD and civic body needs to make provision for that in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159413", "title": "Technical snags continue to mar Gujarat Common Entrance Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Technical snags hampered the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET), being conducted online for admission in MBA and MCA colleges, on the second day as well. On Friday, the aspirants reported that test was delayed as different technical issues cropped up.At as many as 23 centers, the last exam scheduled for 5 pm to 7 pm slot could not be conducted due to delays in the previous exams. Students of LJ College of Commerce said that the server was down. Also, the exam paper, which was administered on the first day, was repeated. \"The previous question paper could not be deleted. So we could not download the second paper. The operations are controlled from Mumbai, which led to further delays,\" students said.Special exam will be conducted by the colleges on Sunday for students who were not able to appear for the GCET exam on Thursday and Friday. This has been done to ensure that the students do not have to wait for long to answer their exams due to technical problems.Vice-chancellor of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) A K Aggrawal said that technical snags have hit the online exams. \"We have scheduled exams on Sunday too, so that the students do not have to suffer,\" Aggrawal said.He said that many students were not able to write online exam in Gandhinagar, Rajkot, Vallabh VIdyanagar and Surat. \"Arrangements have been made to ensure that their exam is taken on Sunday at these centers as well,\" Aggrawal said.The GCET for admission to MBA and MCA colleges was to be held in two phases - June 14-16, and June 18-20. There are 132 MBA colleges in the state with 13,185 seats. For 82 colleges in state have 6,670 seats to offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168169", "title": "Raghunath Mashelk to head Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research", "text": "PUNE: Noted scientist and former director general of Council for Industrial and Scientific Research Raghunath Mashelkar has been appointed as the first chairperson of the Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR) for a period of four years.Mashelkar, who is a national research professor and a former director of the National Chemical Laboratory, will also be the chancellor of the AcSIR.The academy has been established by an act of Parliament as an 'Institution of national importance' with a view to maximise the number of qualified researchers and professionals of impeccable qualityin the domain of science and engineering. The idea is also to equip these researchers and professionals with the skills to innovate and conduct seamless interdisciplinary research. The academy focuses on imparting instruction in such areas that are not routinely taught in regular academic universities in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14168176", "title": "It's destination Delhi for class XII pass outs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Intermediate toppers are heading to metro cities to pursue higher education. Lucknow does not figure on their wishlist. Reason: Sub-standard quality of education, lack of exposure and facilities, and indiscipline on campuses.A class XII ICSE topper, Shikhar Brajesh who got 97.75 % has already made up his mind. Aspiring to become an engineer, he will either move to Pilani through BITS or seek a place in the top NITS. Lucknow is no where on the national map when it comes to technical education. Engineering colleges in metros provide better exposure and job opportunities,'' said Shikhar.Shikhar's friend, Rahul Trivedi who secured 96.55 % in class XII and an impressive AIR-42 in IIT-JEE is heading towards Delhi. I have got through IIT-Delhi,'' said Rahul who chose IIT-D over IIT-K because the national capital offers better industrial exposure. For Rahul, Lucknow was never an option for pursuing higher studies.Securing 93% marks in class XII, Diwakar Gupta now plans to pursue law from Mumbai or Pune. None of the colleges in the city, including the Lucknow University, offer the kind of exposure and opportunities required to be successful in today's competitive world,'' said Diwakar. His second option is to pursue BCom Honours from Delhi University (DU).Swati Nigam who scored 96.7 % also intends to do law. Other than RML, the city has no good college. Placement scenario in the law colleges is dismal here and I think this matters a lot'' said she.A CBSE class XII topper, Aksha Srivastava who secured 97.6% wants to pursue BCom (Hons) or BA (Hons) Economics from St Stephens College, New Delhi. \"The market value of DU is very high. Colleges in Delhi provide better opportunities as compared to Lucknow,'' said Aksha.For, Harshit Mishra, who scored 95.4%, it's either St Stephens College or Shri Ram College of Commerce. I want to do BA (Hons) Economics and colleges affiliated to DU is the best choice,'' said Harshit, adding that Lucknow University (LU) has a bad reputation in terms of academics. There is no extra curricular activities in LU which are a hit in DU colleges,'' said he.Having secured 95.2%, Shreyansh Tiwari prefers Hindu College or Kirori Mal College or Hansraj College to pursue BCom (Hons). When asked why, he said, My ultimate goal is to be a Chartered Accountant, and for this I will get better quality both in terms of college and coaching institutes.\"Rahul Joshi is sure to BSc (Maths) from DU. DU colleges have a brand,'' said he. With an aggregate marks of 95.4% Shubham Shukla too wants to join DU. I have plans to pursue BSc (Hons) Chemsitry,'' said he.Besides, there are a major chunk of city top rankers who have paved their way to IITs. Both Raghvansh Raj Saxena, AIR-31 in IIT-JEE, and Rahul Trivedi, AIR-42 in IIT-JEE will be moving to IIT-Delhi. National capital offers better industrial exposure and trained faculty,'' said the duo.Shubham Agarwal who scored 97.2% plans to go to Singapore for engineering in computer science. He said, \"My brother is pursing engineering from Singapore, and therefore, I too look forward for it.''Of around 50,000 students passing class 12th every year in the city, an estimated around 20% either go for national or state level competitive examinations (medical and engineering) or prefer Delhi and Pune for higher studies in conventional disciplines such as arts, humanities, languages and pure sciences.LU, once described as Cambridge of the East, though has taken number of initiatives in recent past to restore its lost glory -- criminal elements have been thrown out of campus, new professional courses have been launched, labs are being enhanced, semester system has been introduced at postgraduate level -- but all has failed to impress the cream.The reason: If one leaves out few departments as an exception, teaching in majority is slack, labs and libraries are still to attain desired level and infrastructure is insufficient. Though LU has variety of options, curriculum and teaching methodology here in obsolete. The teacher-taught ratio in LU is around 1:200. Management courses are being managed by guest faculties more than 16 years after its formation. Barring few departments, the status of research is unsatisfactory. Corrupt and insufficient non-teaching staff is a major ailment and so is the lack of discipline among students and teachers.Undergraduate honours courses launched with much fanfare last year have failed to deliver. Not only teaching is poor, but students are also not getting services for which they are made to pay hefty fees.Situation in associated colleges of LU is even more chaotic. Barring handful of colleges which have potential to be developed as a centre of excellence, others reel under resource crunch and shortage of qualified teachers. Mushrooming of self finance colleges in recent past without quality check is also an area of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168848", "title": "'Save Indo-Bangla border from erosion'", "text": "GUWAHATI: All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) chief Badruddin Ajmal has urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for to take measures to save the Indo-Bangla border in Dhubri district from erosion as the first phase of floods has already started creating havoc in the state.Ajmal, who is also an MP from Dhubri, said erosion is threatening to destroy the international border located at Hatsingimari subdivision of the district. \"The situation is getting worse and if immediate measures are not taken, the entire area (Hatsingimari) will be totally submerged in the Brahmaputra, endangering the international border with Bangladesh,\" Ajmal said.Ajmal said the border road along Hatsingimari-Mankachar area has been badly affected by river erosion in the last few months, threatening the existence of sub-divisional head quarters of Hatsingimari. \"The sub-divisional headquarters is under threat of being washed away by the Brahmaputra. Vast areas of South Salmara, Fakirganj and Sukchar in the district have been totally submerged by the river in the last few years. If immediate protection measures are not taken, the areas in Hatsingimari will meet the same fate,\" Ajmal said.In a letter to the PM, the AIUDF chief asked him to intervene in the matter to save the subdivision from erosion. He suggested that immediate steps be taken in the Kaliralga area to check the advancement of erosion towards the border road and Hatsigimari headquarters. Eight districts are hit by floods, affecting over 30,000 people and over 1,000 hectare crop area has been damaged so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167384", "title": "Cops in disguise join wari, nab 13 offenders", "text": "PUNE: Clad in dhotis and saris, a team of 12 police personnel, including six women constables, played mrudang and the taal in the palkhis, and at the same time managed to nab 13 offenders in the procession on Wednesday and Friday.To curb pick-pocketing, snatching of gold chains and teasing of women devotees in the procession, the assistant commissioner of police (city) Rajkumar Shinde came up with this novel idea. Shinde sent a team of six men and women police personnel as warkaris in the procession. A woman police sub-inspector led the team.Shinde said that that the team joined the procession at the Belbaug chowk and walked with the warkaris till the palkhis took a halt at their destinations in the city. He said that the team managed to nab 13 suspects before they could indulge in any illegal activity. \"These offenders include pick-pocketers, thieves and also eve teasers,\" Shinde said.Shinde said that with news of the arrests spreading, no incidents of chain-snatching or pick-pocketing were reported between Belbaug chowk and the halts of the palkhis.\"On Friday our team went up to Hadapsar along with the palkhi,\" Shinde added.Meanwhile, on June 13 three incidents of chain-snatching gold chains took place at Dehu Phata and at Vishrantwadi chowk. The suspects managed to steal gold chains worth Rs 62,000 in these three incidents. The first incident took place around 7.30 am at Dehu Phata in which gold chains worth Rs 38,000 of 30-year-old Seema Dilip Kulkarni and her mother-in-law were snatched at Dehu Phata. In another incident which took place at Vishrantwadi chowk around 1.30 pm the suspects stole a gold chain worth Rs 24,000 of Vimal Gunjal (45) of Vishrantwadi, while she was offering prayers to the palkhi. The Vishrantwadi police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14161235", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industry to conduct salary survey in Gujarat industries", "text": "VADODARA: Do you think your current employer pays peanuts compared to his competitor? Or are you one of those employers who believe that you are the best pay master in the field? The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will soon start a survey which will spell out the exact details of the salaries paid by industries to their employees in Gujarat.For the first time in the country, industry body CII will be conducting a salary survey of all Gujarat-based industries. CII's Central Gujarat Zonal Council is taking this initiative, which it hopes will be replicated nationwide.\"We will start this salary survey in next two weeks' time. We have already prepared the basic framework of this survey,\" Prem Raj, vice chairman of CII's Central Gujarat Zonal Council, told TOI on Friday on the sidelines of the second edition of HR Convention organized by CII on the theme of 'Powering business through human capital'.Central Gujarat Zonal Council covers only those industries located in central Gujarat between Anand and Ankleshwar. However, the council plans to cover all the industries of Gujarat in the survey.\"We want to create a ready reference for both the start-ups and multi-nationals, who are setting up their shops in Gujarat. The idea is to publicize the survey in public domain so that there is no situation where the employer exploits the employee or the employee blackmails the employer,\" he said.\"The salary survey will cover at least 100 industries from across the state and in all segments starting from manufacturing industries to service industries and all levels be it the junior-most employee or the senior-most manager,\" he said.According to CII office-bearers, the salary survey once put in public domain will help in curbing the dissatisfaction levels in organizations. \"We will be conducting the survey sector-wise to create a conducive environment between the employers and the employees. In a longer run, this will help create a data-base which can be used by industries to adopt better human resource management tools,\" said Prem Raj, adding that the industry body has already taken up initiatives like mentor-mentee and HR pathfinder to inculcate better HR practices in industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14167473", "title": "Palanpur gets one more police station", "text": "PALANPUR: Urban development minister Nitin Patel inaugurated a new police station at Dil Khusal Baug here on Friday. Now, the town will have two police stations in its eastern and western parts. Patel said, \"The new police station will provide better services to people.\"Superintendent of police, Banaskantha, Ashok Yadav said the police station will be shifted to a suitable place to ensure that it is easily accessible to people living in the western part of the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14170010", "title": "Father's Day celebration is market-driven: Experts", "text": "RANCHI: \"You have such a big heart filled with so much kindness and love, I feel so very lively to have you as my dad\" - such beautiful words dedicated to every father on this earth on the occasion of Father's Day which is celebrated each year on third Sunday of June.The market has also geared up to celebrate this day on June 17 which a few years ago was hardly a trend to be seen in the society.The market this time had thought to celebrate the day with variety of big cards to small ones attracting the children with some saying \"to the most amazing daddy, super cool, super star\".Apart from that there are scrolls in which beautiful messages dedicated to fathers and then there are coffee mugs and photo frames especially designed for the occasion.Besides, the shops are providing amazing offers to customers on this day. \"We thought to cater discounts for the customers according to their father's age. Like if anybody's father is of 50 years, the customer can get a discount of up to Rs 500,\" said a shop owner.The sociologists have a different take on the day. \"Today is the world of globalization which builds touch with the whole world, their culture and social norms. Definitely the celebration concept of Father's Day and many such days which we celebrate have become a norm in the society. Earlier we never used to celebrate but now this celebration concept is catching very fast among the youths. Somewhere it's a good concept due to which the family member's come together and a united family concept is created. The market has tried to capture that notion and attract the youth brigade which is the most active in making such occasions popular,\" said P K Chaudhary, the head of the department, sociology.Karma Oraon, professor and head of the department of anthroplogy, said, \"Today we live in a westernized and modernized world where mixture of the cultures is very common. Hence we have also started celebrating such special occasions and a market hype we can say does the work of adding fuel to the fire.\"Jyoti, who was searching a card said, she had thought to give a card to her father who is out of town. \"The market caters for us and according to our interests. So I don't believe that things are market driven.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163432", "title": "Helplines useless, cops seek help from PCR callers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After helplines that were started for gathering information about illegal activities in the city failed to serve their purpose, UT police are now planning to collect information from callers while taking feedback from them about the response of police control room ( PCR) vehicles.The information will be investigated by a DSP rank official and name of the informer would be kept secret. The decision was taken when some helplines, including crime stopper cell, ear and eye helpline and de-addiction helpline, turned futile and no valuable information was being received at these numbers.SSP Rajinder Singh Ghumman said, \"Gathering response from callers is a routine practice, but we have also started collecting information from them about any illegal activities going on. Also, control room personnel are duty bound to call up people.\" On an average, police control room receives about 250 emergency calls everyday and the callers are contacted for feedback by control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14168909", "title": "Santhome roads pose danger to kids", "text": "CHENNAI: After sending their children to schools in Santhome, many parents keep their fingers crossed. Children risk their lives as vehicles speed on the narrow roads. Thousands of students from 12 schools in the neighbourhood take Rosary Church Road and Santhome High Road which do not have speed-breakers.On Thursday, 10-year-old Thiru Vikram of Santhome Higher Secondary School was hit by a car. He suffered head injuries. \"Vehicles always zip along the roads,\" said P Saravanan, a shopkeeper on Rosary Church Road. \"The very sight of children trying to cross the road makes me shiver.\"This narrow two-way road in front of St Raphels Higher Secondary School is also known for traffic congestions during the morning and evening hours. Residents allege that police have not been keen on regulating traffic on these roads. \"The narrow roads should be make one-way. Private buses should not be allowed on the Pattinampakkam-Light House Road,\" says the principal of one of the schools in Santhome, who didn't want to be identified.There are not many traffic constables on the roads. But for the lone constable at the Santhome High Road signal, there are only a few Friends of Police who help students cross the road. \"Some students find it impossible to cross the road without help. It is quite risky,\" says Anandan, a member of Friends of Police. Making matters worse is the absence of speedbreakers on Santhome High Road. Residents say the authorities refused to install speedbreakers because the road is used by several VIPs who prefer a non-stop, fast drive to the secretariat. \"The road badly needs speed-breakers as we have several schools here. We can't continue to endanger the lives of our children,\" says Shanmugan, a resident. Police officials said speedbreakers cannot be put in place without any scientific reason. \"We have to analyse the number of accidents and reasons before taking such steps. The problem will be rectified after that,\" says Sanjay Arora, additional commissioner of Police (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14181448", "title": "Mumbai's municipal corporation's virtual classroom project kicks off", "text": "MUMBAI: Mayor Sunil Prabhu interacted with thousands of civic school students on their first day at school from the Dasturwadi School in Dadar using the \"virtual classroom\" technology on Friday.The virtual classroom project has been conducted in over 80 civic schools of Mumbai. The technology and connectivity provided via satellite by Valuable Group of companies, enables the students to interact live with the teacher and also with the students from other connected schools. The teachers will be able to use 3D images to explain things and students can ask questions through the VSAT (very small aperture terminal) based network.Under this programme, BMC has set up a state of the art studio, retrofitted with all necessary amenities including a digital blackboard at Andheri office from where competent teachers will conduct classes simultaneously in 80 schools. The classroom in the schools will have giant plasma screens where students can see and interact with the teacher.If the civic body is to be believed, the pilot project, launched last academic year in 24 schools, was found to be effective, with students attending the virtual classes faring better than the others.\"We are in a virtual classroom age now with subjects taught with images, which is making it easy for children to grasp. The civic schools have good teachers and today due to this technology, their experience and knowledge can be shared not just by children of their school, but also children studying in various languages,\" said Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14168204", "title": "Hike tariffs only after every auto abandons old meter: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Activists and commuters are demanding that the state not raise tariffs until each of the over 1 lakh autorickshaws in Mumbai switch to electronic meters.The Maharashtra government set up the one-member Hakim committee to devise formulae for hikes in auto and taxi fares. The panel is expected to submit its report latest by July 12. But consumer rights groups are opposing any fare hike until e-meters are installed in all autos and taxis in the city.\"We have submitted a roadmap to the state transport commissioner on how it should not take a year to install e-meters in all of Mumbai's autos. The process can be completed in three months,\" said Varsha Raut of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. \"Why should we wait till March 2013? If the government has the will, it can hold camps and convince auto drivers to switch to new e-meters at the earliest.\"Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said that e-meters should be made mandatory in all taxis as well. \"Why is the government exempting old Padmini cabs? Do drivers of these taxis have the privilege to cheat commuters with rigged mechanical meters?\" Deshpande said that transport officials too assure that emeters cannot be tampered with. \"Why then can't it be implemented uniformly?\" he asked.Consumer groups had recently filed a petition before the Hakim committee demanding that, apart from e-meters, the quality of service provided by auto and taxi drivers also be a determinant in future fare hikes.Vinay Mohan, a commuter, said he prefers using autos with e-meters. \"Soon, you will find other commuters making the same choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14161692", "title": "Malegaon gets first female mayor, Cong\u2019s Tahira Shaikh", "text": "MALEGAON: Tahira Shaikh of the Congress party and wife of former MLA Shaikh Rasheed became the first woman mayor of Malegaon city on Friday.\"I declare Tahira Shaikh of the Congress party as the mayor of Malegaon\", presiding officer T K Bagul said on Friday.The new mayor received a total of 52 votes in the 80-member house. She got support from the Congress party, Teesra Mahaz and the Malegaon Vikas Aghadi.Shaikh defeated Rabea Shakeel of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), who was fielded jointly by the NCP and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). Shakeel garnered a total of 10 votes.In the elections for deputy mayor that soon followed the mayoral poll, Jameel Ahmed Zarwala of Teesra Mahaz won, securing 53 votes.Zarwala defeated the NCP-MNS joint candidate Azeez Iqbal who got 10 votes. As part of the deal reached between the Congress and the Teesra Mahaz at the time of the alliance. posts of mayor and deputy mayor were allotted respectively for the two partners.The Janata Dal (S) which has 4 councillors walked out of the meeting hall whereas 11 councillors of the Shiv-Sena and 2 independents abstained from the voting and did not participate in either election. Sajida Usman Gani of the NCP was absent from the house.The newly- elected Mayor, spoke about her priorities and vowed to work for the city's women and children who she said were the worst- hit due to the lack of basic amenities in the city.\"Basic infrastructure in the entire city is in very bad shape. My top priority is to provide proper sanitation, a regular supply of drinking water and an immediate revival of basic infrastructure within the city\", Shaikh said.Her deputy mayor, in his opening statement following victory, said that his immediate priority would be to solve the issue of municipal teachers' salary.\"It is a tragedy that the municipal corporation did not pay salaries to its teachers in time. We will be meeting chief minister Prithviraj Cahavan in the coming week and will urge him to sort out this issue\", Zarwala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14179727", "title": "GTU initiates research project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has initiated a research project entitled - Design of the Structure of Technological University (DSTU), which plans to research and review the design and layout of a technological University keeping in view of standard required of a 21st Century University. With the advent of technology, changes in teaching and learning process and new modes of implementation of various strategic programs; a need arises for a constant change, up gradation and evaluation of the current setup.The objective of DSTU is to design the Organizational Structure for Gujarat Technological University, so that it may be able to serve its intended objectives effectively which primarily is to sensitize the members in all the institutions at all the levels and to encourage them to put in their best efforts in making GTU a World Class Technological University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167840", "title": "No plan to reduce age: Government unemployment dole'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government on Friday stated in the assembly that it had no plan to reduce the eligibility age limit of 30 to 40 years for getting unemployment allowance in the state.Announcing this in reply to a question, employment minister Waqar Ahmad Shah said that the age limit had been fixed after a great deal of thought and there was no need to revisit the issue. \"The question of relaxing this age limit does not arise at all,\" he stated categorically in his written reply to a question asked by Suresh Khanna of BJP.The minister further said that the government had also a plan to utilize the services of all those given Rs 1,000 per month under the unemployment allowance scheme as per the skill and qualifications of the beneficiaries.As for the eligibility criteria for the allowance, the minister said that the beneficiary should be a high school pass out, domicile of the state and his family income should be less than Rs 36,000 per year. In case of married persons, the total family income, including that of in-laws, should be less than Rs 1.5 lakh per year.On apprehensions of Khanna that it would be difficult for one to get income certificate from concerned authorities, the minister assured that it would be prepared without any hassles. In reply to another question, the government said that it had requested the Centre to establish AIIMS-like institutes in Purvanchal, Bundelkhand and Rohailkhand besides the one already sanctioned in Rae Bareli.\"Keeping in mind the medicare requirements of this geographically divergent state, we have urged the Centre to open AIIMs or its campus hospitals at Purvanchal, Bundelkhand and Rohailkhand besides one sanctioned in Rae Bareli,\" the state government said in a reply to a question asked by Satya Prakash Agarwal of the BJP in the assembly.Later, on BJP member Radhamohan Das Agarwal's resolution seeking establishment of AIIMS at Gorakhpur, parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan said that setting up of AIIMS was a subject matter of the Centre and added that the state would provide land wherever the Centre came forward with any such proposal.The debate on the issue got diluted with members of different parties demanding establishment of AIMS in almost all the constituencies. The debate also witnessed some lighter moments when food and civil supplies minister Raghuraj Pratap Singh said that the AIMS should be established in Pratapgarh.He proposed this in the midst of the debate when it was caught in a worldly duel after Rita Bahuguna Joshi proposed that the AIMS should be set up on priority in Rae Bareli. In support of her demand, she cited three reasons: the clearance of the Centre for the proposal, allotment of land for this purpose at Rae Bareli and the most important accessibility of Rae Bareli to all places in the east and west UP.However, opposing this, members said that Bahuguna's demand was reflective of the Congress tendency to impose its will on the state by virtue of it being at power at the Centre.As this debate was protracted with members pressing the demand for setting up AIMS in their constituencies, Azam Khan stood up and \"why Pratapgarh, it should come up in Rampur (his constituency)\". \"India and particularly UP is known as a land of Ram and he has the privilege to represent Rampur, which has been named after Lord Ram,\" he said, adding that therefore AIIMS should be first set up in Rampur.Anybody opposing this meant that they are not religious and follower of the Lord Ram, who is a role model of the Indian society, he said amidst peels of laughter in the House.These lighter moments came as a much-needed relief from the heated turn by the debate after demand raised earlier by Rita Bahuguna Joshi of the Congress for setting up AIIMS in Rae Bareli on a priority. Although not opposing the demand for setting up AIIMS in other places, she said immediately it could be taken up in Rae Bareli where for the proposal had already been cleared by the Centre and the land had been made available for this purpose.Moreover, she said, Rae Bareli was a place which was located at a Central point and was accessible both from the eastern and western parts of the state. However, her demand was opposed by other party members, particularly Radha Mohan Agarwal, who said that this showed the hegemonic tendency of the Congress and an arms-twisting tactics on its part by virtue of being in power at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168246", "title": "'Sensors, signal processing techniques key challenges' Defence Research and Development Organisation chief", "text": "PUNE: Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) chief V K Saraswat said here on Friday that development of sensors, signal processing techniques, decision support systems and software are the main challenges in condition monitoring of engineering systems.He was speaking at a national conference on 'Condition monitoring of engineering system' at the Research and Development Establishment, a premier DRDO facility at Dighi near here.Saraswat, who isalso a scientific advisor to defence minister and director general of research and development (R&D;) said, \"Efforts to tackle these challenges are all the more crucial in view of projects like the fifth-generation aircraft, which is being developed by DRDO.\"\"The aircraft will have an array of integrated monitoring systems involving avionics, structural-health, air-conditioning and pressure-regulating systems, intake systems, among others,\" he pointed out.He said it was important for scientists and professional at DRDO labs to keep themselves abreast of how technologies are changing and maintenance strategies too are changing from 'break-down to preventive' to 'predictive and proactive' systems. This can be done by integrating nano-, micro- and bio-technologies, he added.Chief controller of R&D; V Bhujanga Rao highlighted the importance of condition monitoring, failure mechanisms and causes and maintenance-management strategies.He also spoke about the future involving cloud-based condition monitoring. He stressed that educational institutes should include condition-monitoring in higher education. S Guruprasad, director, R&DE; (engineers), provided an overview of the work done by the research lab since its inception. Vice-president of Condition Monitoring Society of India K V V S S Murthy and other experts were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "14166067", "title": "Railway services disrupted on Sambalpur-Titilagarh route", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Train services were disrupted for more than four hours on Sambalpur-Titilagarh route on Friday following the derailment of a track maintenance machine (TRM) near Deogaon located in between Balangir and Titilagarh railway stations.Sources said clearance of the route was taken up on a war footing and services resumed at 3.30 pm. Several trains, including Sambalpur-Nanded Nagabali Express, Howrah-Koraput Samaleswari Express, Bhubneswar-Balangir Intercity, were detained at various stations, causing inconvenience to passengers. Several goods trains were also detained at various railway stations due to the accident.ADRM (Sambalpur) Jotindra Digi, who rushed to the spot after the accident, said, \"Rail traffic was disrupted for sometime due to the accident but it was immediately resumed after the clearance of the route. However it took some time to clear all the trains detained at various stations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14163148", "title": "Pages from the past", "text": "Maqbool Fida Husain passed away disillusioned in 2011 at the age of 96 in London , away from his home in India. His first death anniversary that fell on June 9 silently went by. No remembrance meetings, no exhibition of his painting or screening of his films. Hyderabad, that he called his second home, too remained silent.Husain recorded an interview with his writer Hyderabadi friend Ali Baquer for All India Radio in mid-1990s. It is not known whether that interview was ever aired, but late last year Ali Baquer's wife Najma Zaheer Baquer compiled and published it in a book form. The book 'Nange Paun' (Barefoot) gives a rare insight into the life and works of Husain.He did not know the year or date of his birth. September 17, 1915 was the date he created for himself when he wanted to apply for a passport in 1951. He was born in Pandharpur, a well known Hindu pilgrimage town on the banks of the Bhima in Sholapur district of Maharashtra into a Sulaimania Bohra family. His grandfather, Abdul Husain was a tinsmith who made lamps and educated his son Fida Husain, Maqbool's father, only up to matriculation. His mother Zainab, died when he was only one and half years of age. His mother's sisters wore saris in Marathi style and sold vegetables. Marathi was the language spoken at home. His folks hardly swore by Allah, instead they took Deva ki Shapat. It does not mean that his folks did not follow Islam. His father said his namaz regularly. When Husain was about six years of age, his father married another woman, Shireen.The family left for Mumbai, stayed there for a few years, and shifted to Indore where his father got a job in a textile mill. Husain got married to Fazeela from Hussainialam locality of Hyderabad, who was living with her family in Mumbai.His father sent him to his maternal grandfather, where he was put through a rigorous course of religious education which included waking up at the crack of dawn, saying prayers and memorising the Quran. Though he was born in a Shia sub-sect he followed the Sunni Islam. He memorised three or four parts of the holy book and at one time led namaz prayer as an imam on a ship that was on way to Britain.Husain relations with his father were less than friendly and he never called his stepmother 'maa.' He was close to his grandfather. He wrote poetry in Urdu under the pen name Haya (shame). When he started drawing nude paintings his friends began called him Beyhaya ( shameless ).He was drawn to Ramleela as it showed images in a tableau. He saw the raja of Indore leading the processions of Dasara and Moharram without showing any discrimination between the followers of two faiths.In the beginning he drew tugras, pieces of Arabic calligraphy, on glass. He also drew portraits, landscape and horses which made him famous. Inspired by the adventures of Hazrath Hussain's horse Dul Dul, he went after drawing the animal with great passion.Husain, sitting cosily in a small room in Paris in 1971, drew 29 paintings on the Mahabharata. Later, to finish his work on the Ramayana, he chose a village 25 km from away from Hyderabad and painted in the presence of the villagers.Husain became the target of groups who were bent up hurting and humiliating him. They succeeded in hounding him out of the country. He, however, believed in reincarnation. Does it mean that the first phase of his life is over? Will he be born again in India, in some other form, body? Or would he continue to live in his paintings forever?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167839", "title": "Cops \u2018harass\u2019 patrons, but don\u2019t police themselves", "text": "MUMBAI: As head of the Social Service (SS) Branch of the city police, the job of assistant commissioner Vasant Dhoble is to check piracy, prostitution and patently illegal activities in pubs, say legal experts. It is not to ruin night-life and rudely interrupt citizens who are halfway through their pasta or dancing.Dhoble reportedly has plans to continue his crackdown on \"350 habitual offenders\" among the 7,000 city bars and hotels. But former IPS officer and now lawyer Y P Singh said the power of the SS branch to enter and search a premises is essentially meant to \"enforce accountability among the local police, who may take bribes to allow small hotels and bars to operate without the necessary permits\". Another lawyer said that after a raid, the police should take departmental action against local beat staff if an establishment has violations.This, however, rarely happens. On the other hand, once inside an establishment the police appear to turn on the patrons and throw an archaic rule book full of petty offences at them.As most recent instances of \"police harassment\" show, the cops have used various tip-offs -- from complaints about loud music to suspected immoral activity -- to enter an establishment and then slap either the bar owners or patrons with petty offences. Patrons could be charged with consuming liquor without permits or indecent behavior, something that depends on the subjective opinion of the officer. Bar owners and staffers can be charged with overcrowding.Most people can be let off with a warning, unless there is \"serious mischief \". But police go straight for booking or fining, taking down details of patrons, videotaping the crowd, ordering blood tests, cracking down on \"obscene dancing\" and so on. \"Such police action is nothing but harassment,\" said advocate Vishal Thadani. \"The police spend time harassing and checking innocent citizens for liquor consumption permits, when they ought to be focusing on their main job, which is intelligence gathering to avert bigger, far more serious crimes to make society safer\".Though the Bombay Police Act gives the police discretionary power to first issue a warning, such action is sometimes not looked upon too kindly by superiors, said a police officer. \"The raiding team could be in a quandary too; many officers have faced a departmental inquiry for having used their discretion,\" said Singh. The Act doesn't define \"'serious mischief\", so cops slap fines for every trivial violation.Take loud music, for example. The Act doesn't define \"loud\", but it gives the police power to enter businesses and ask for the volume to be lowered. \"The police have a gala time,\" said Singh. \"They rely on Noise Pollution Rules, which define permissible decibel levels, but rarely invoke the provisions of the Environmental Protection Act, which can get very procedural. They impose fines under the Police Act.\" The result is harassment to a few, rather than a uniform enforcement of laws, which is disturbing, he added.Lawyers also pointed out that the police are taking advantage of existing laws and it is for lawmakers to change archaic laws and make them more pertinent to society.The Bombay Prohibition Act requires adults to possess an alcohol permit to ferry and consume liquour. Such a permit, obtained from the excise department, allows the holder to possess and transport 2 bottles of 1 litre each of hard liquor, 3 bottles if they are of 750 ml each and 24 bottles of strong beer. There's no restriction on beer or wine, but it must be for personal consumption.Any individual caught drinking without a permit can be sentenced to prison for up to six months, depending on the case's severity, said Thadani. But the offence is bailable and often a magistrate punishes an offender till the rising of the court, said a lawyer. Patrons are charged for drinking liquor without a permit under the same Prohibition Act section usually applied against bootleggers.Bar owners may be booked for flouting sale conditions, or hotel, loudspeaker and entertainment licences. But is a raid needed for this? \"An errant hotel or bar owner can be dealt with for licence violations even without a raid,\" said a retired police.If patrons do possess a liquour licence, they could still be made to undergo tests to check alcohol levels; their behaviour, dance styles and dress sense get judged for \"decency in public\", all offences under the arcane Bombay Police Act. \"Often, rich people are terrified of being arrested and in a police case, so most will pay whatever fine a cop demands. They will also put up with rough behaviour,\" said a lawyer. \"In an age of social networking, there is also a fear of things going viral. News and images reach the internet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160332", "title": "SSC exam: 100% scores dip, Latur still tops list", "text": "MUMBAI: For perhaps the last time, SSC students will hold a report card with an unachievable, eye-popping 100% score. The count of cent percent scorers may have fallen this year, but the class of 2012 still has 262 students who managed this feat.All students who scored 100% in the March SSC exam benefitted from the 25 marks awarded for achievement in sports. The Latur division had the highest failure rate and lowest overall performance. But ironically, it had 95 students who scored 100% in the exam, the highest among all divisions. The newly carved-out Konkan division had the fewest, at six.Sarjerao Jadhav, the state board chairman, said, \"The scheme to award 25 additional marks was intended to encourage sports, but it hardly did that. There are schools where 80% of the batch excelled in sports, and we have awarded them 25 marks. The board has given 25 marks to 21,171 students, but their numbers will go up as more applications are likely to flow in. Extending that same logic, the number of students who scored more than 90% or a full 100% may also go up.\" In March 2011, 464 SSC students had scored 100%.College heads often confessed over the last five years, the true picture emerged after all aids that propped up scores\u2014lenient marking, overlooking grammatical and spelling errors and additional marks for extracurricular activities\u2014disappeared in higher classes. Last year, Rajarshi Shahu Science College, Latur, filled an entire batch of class XI with 100 percenters. \"We see how each student is struggling now. Scores went up, but students are now feeling the pressure of maintaining the marks,\" Anirudh Jadhav, joint secretary of the college and architect of the Latur model told TOI. \"It isn't right on the school's part to qualify so many students for sports' marks,\" he added.Suchita Bhawalkar, principal of HM Sule Guruji School, Dadar, attributed the drop in 100% scorers to the fact that few students had scored full marks in science. For the first time this year, the board introduced 'High Order Thinking Skills' in the curricula which many students found challenging.While the state has decided to stop awarding 25 extra marks to class X and XII students from the next examination, the policy had pumped up many students' scores. Pushy parents, ambitious kids and brand-conscious schools responded almost uniformly to the lure. The state saw a sudden spurt in private sport academies that enrolled class X students to cash in on the 25-marks bonanza. Many acknowledged that academies had cracked the code of converting students into sportstars. \"They signed up students for sports like swordsmanship, fencing and tug-of-war, where competition isn't fierce. Even mere participation at a state-level competition qualified the students for 25 marks,\" said the vice-principal of a college. Predictably, after the class X mark sheets were handed out, not a single student was seen on the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14164620", "title": "Motor vehicles department to buy latest gadgets to check traffic violations", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After the inauguration of the state's first automated driving test centre and vehicle fitness testing station in Kozhikode, the motor vehicles department (MVD) is all set to beef up vehicle surveillance measures. The department has decided to earmark Rs1.73 crore to buy six more handheld high speed radars and five interceptor vehicles to check over-speeding and other traffic rule violations. The department will purchase more high-end gadgets after completing the first phase distribution of equipment to various regional transport offices in the state.The department will spend Rs 48 lakh to purchase radars and Rs1.25 crore for interceptors. The interceptors will have a printer, recorder, and a playback facility.The high-speed handheld radars will have the capacity to trace vehicles passing in the 1.8km area from where the equipment is operated. The compact laser technology system will have the capacity to provide absolute documentary evidence. Clear identification of targeted vehicle will be possible with the use of laser system.The system will also have dual speed mode to set different speed limits for light and commercial vehicles, which can be switched by the operators. The equipment will enable vehicle checking during night hours and in bad weather conditions, said MVD officials. The camera attached to the radar would help to take printouts of the offence.Interceptor vehicles with laser-based range, speed monitoring system with an attached camera system, top surveillance day/night camera and breath alcohol analyzer will also be supplied to various regional offices .The department has earmarked Rs1.25 crore to purchase the interceptors. The interceptors will have printer, recorder and playback facility, said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14172048", "title": "BJP's mission repeat seems impossible as factionalism intensifies", "text": "Shimla: With BJP leader close to Shanta Kumar opening front against chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal one after other ahead of assembly elections due later this year, the \"Mission Repeat\" of party seems to be in doldrums due to infighting which has come out in open now after party's MLA from Rohru Khushi Ram Balnatah attacking his own government.A letter written by Balnatah to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari which surfaced on Wednesday has brought the factionalism in open. In his letter, Balnatah had demanded an immediate change in state leadership as allegations of corruption, nepotism and regionalism were being levelled against the state government. Baffled state party unit next day served a show cause notice to Rohru MLA. As the elections are approaching near, BJP infighting is reaching its peak as legilsators close to former chief minister Shanta Kumar one after other are targetting Dhumal loyalists in the cabinet on corruption issue. Shanta Kumar himself on many occasions has spoke again prevailing corruption in BJP government of state.The political relations between Shanta Kumar and Dhumal are not in good terms for last couple of years as Kumar is even abstaining from the meetings of state unit for last over two years. His loyalists led from former state party president Maheshwer Singh have already floated Himachal Lokhit Party (HLP), while two cabinet ministers Kishan Kapoor and Ramesh Dhwala, close to Kumar, too are against Dhumal. It was the opposition ot Shanta Kumar and his looyalists which forced Gadkari to remove health minister Rajeev Bindal from cabinet and send him back to organisation. Bindal is close confidant of Dhumal and move is seen as a set back to him while a victory to Shanta camp. Now latter are also vying for the removal of irrigation minister Ravinder Singh Ravi, another Dhumal confidant, from the cabinet.\"Shanta camp in a planned manner is targetting Dhumal government in the state as they want to project Shanta Kumar as next chief ministerial candidate from BJP. But party president Nitin Gadkari has already announced that next election would be fought under Dhumal's leadership,\" said a Dhumal loyalist. Stunned by allegations leveled by Balnatah, state unit of BJP had launched attack on the MLA but latter while retaliating issued a statement to media saying that he had not won the by-elections with the help of helpless leadership but due to the support of public of Rohru. Making indirect reference to Renuka by election where BJP was accused of distributing cash and liquor, Balnatah said \"unlike other elections, In Rohru neithert any minister distributed liquor after ferrying it in ambulance, neither cash was distributed. I would remain indebted to love and affection of people of Rohru but would suffer the pain throughout life that due to an ill intentioned (BJP) government I could not ensure the development of my area,\" Balnatah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160556", "title": "Colleges to have enough time to cover syllabus", "text": "MUMBAI: This academic session, degree colleges will have more time to complete their syllabus for first-year students in the first term. Not only have colleges wrapped the admissions 15-20 days in advance, this year, colleges will break for Diwali in November as opposed to October last year, giving them ample time to complete the syllabus.Shobhana Vasudevan, principal of R A Podar College, Matunga, said, \"Admissions are almost over. We plan to organize an orientation programme for students and begin our classes. Last year, we had a tough time managing the new syllabus and the new credits-based choice system as we got very less time for its implementation.\"Colleges are happy they will have more time to divide the continuous evaluation across the term. T A Shiware, principal of K P B Hinduja College, said, \"This is probably the first year in a long time when we will get more time in first semester.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168759", "title": "'Guwahati ranks 2nd in abuse of elderly'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The growing detachment between elders and children is slowly making the city the second most vulnerable place in the country for senior citizens.The revelation came to fore after Help Age India, an NGO, made a national survey and released a report titled \"Elder Abuse in India\". The document says Guwahati has the second largest number of senior citizens who are abused by their sons and daughter-in-laws.The report, which was released on the eve of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day that is observed on June 15, says that Guwahati ranked the second highest in Elder Abuse with 60.55 percent elders stating that they faced abuse. Bhopal ( MP) ranked the highest in elder abuse with 77.12% senior citizens stating the same.\"The report was prepared with a survey of 20 cities in the country, including Guwahati. This is the first time we have incorporated Guwahati in the survey. The finding reveals that sons and daughter-in-laws are the primary abusers. Elders suggested that solution to the problem lies within the family,\" said Sonali Sarma, joint director of communication, Help Age India.According to the report, \"56 percent cases were reported against sons followed by daughter-in-laws (23 percent). Twenty-four per cent of those abused face it almost daily.\" It added, \"Seventy-five per cent of the elders, who faced abuse, live with their families.\" Almost 98 per cent of the elderly reported not filing a complaint against abuse. Among those who registered complaints, 40 per cent reported that nothing concrete came out of it.\"The most common allegations faced by the elderly are burglary, molestation and criminal acts,\" said the report.Help Age India said soon it would launch a nationwide programme in schools &amp; colleges for sensitizing children &amp; youth towards the ageing and aged. \"Student Action for Value Education (SAVE) Programme will aim at inculcating values of care &amp; respect for the elderly in school-going children,\" said the joint director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14158369", "title": "Bhadrawati lad debuts in Bollywood as producer", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A youth from Chandrapur district has made his debut as a producer of a movie in Bollywood much to the delight of his friends, well wishers and parents. Sunil Gulani, the debutant producer, who hails from Bhadrawati in the district, feels that this is perhaps the first time that someone from the district has taken efforts to make ones presence felt at Bollywood.Interacting with reporters, Sunil informed that he thought of the idea of film production to fulfil the dreams of a close friend Anand Gupta, who is also co-producer of the film. After much deliberation the production of 'Mr Money', a comedy movie, under the banner Idea International commenced. \"Mr Money, has all the Bollywood ingredients like comedy, love, item songs, a qawwali, emotional scenes besides masala that essentially makes any movie a hit,\" remarked Sunil.He said that TV show Comedy Circus fame Krushna Abhishek is in the lead role along with Rajpal Yadav, Asrani, Manoj Joshi , Vrajesh Heerji and others making the team with a Lovely Norhona from South India as heroine supported by Upasana Singh, Veena Malik, Kashmira Shah and Eva Grover. \"The story revolves around Manish Malwa aka Money, the son of a business tycoon Vijay Malwa whose extravagance and overindulgence in women and party deprives him of his father's support and the hilarious events that begin with the divine intervention of Narad Muni from time to time, continue for the next seven and half years,\" said Gulani.A presentation of film clippings highlighting the item songs and other comedy scenes was also made during the interaction with the media. The movie is in final stages of its completion and is expected to be released in first week of September, he said.Sunil was optimistic of his success in the venture and said that qawwali, once a favorite with Indian audience is being re-introduced after a gap of over three decades.He along with his co-producer Anand Gupta and his entire crew had interaction with the media in Mumbai sometime in the past and since he belonged to the district, he was keen to address the media here, he added.He further stated that he is also keen to promote local talents in Bollywood, in due course of time. He said that he was ably supported by his parents, friends and well wishers in the venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177085", "title": "I was hurting only myself with antics: Charlie Sheen", "text": "Charlie Sheen has admitted that his wild antics back in 2011 after getting fired from his sitcom 'Two And A Half Men' were hurting nobody but himself.While making an appearance on an American TV show, Sheen spoke candidly about his eccentric behaviour after leaving the comedy show, where he was reportedly earning 1.5million pounds an episode.\"I just don't feel like I've done anything that was that bad. I was hurting myself mostly. So I wasn't begging to be let back into the party covered in someone else's blood,\" the Daily Express quoted him as saying.The 46-year-old also insisted that his fans understand the difficulties he went through last year.\"I think they recognise a guy that has fundamentally a position of truth and integrity and honesty.\"And yeah, can be a complete screw up but acknowledges those blunders, errors, speed bumps... whatever you want to call them, and can be forgiven, hopefully, and then move forward and learn from it,\" he said.\"But at some point people are saying, 'Dude, you're learning from it? Enough lessons. We're bored.'\"\"I just don't feel like I've done anything that was that bad,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158364", "title": "Don\u2019t file PIL just because big project is involved: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court had a word of advice for petitioners on Friday when it said \"just because a big project is being undertaken, it does not mean that they have to rush and file a public interest litigation\".Hearing a PIL, a division bench of Justices D D Sinha and Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani cautioned those who claim to file pleas in public interest to prepare their case properly.The case dealt with a challenge to the proposed Jaitapur nuclear power project. \"The project is of strategic importance but public interest should also be taken into consideration,\" said the judges, adding that a \"fine balance between the two was necessary\". The court was hearing a PIL filed by Pune-based activist Hemant Patil, challenging the Jaitapur project.Patil urged the court to order an inquiry into the environmental impact of the project on villagers, animals and agriculture. He also asked if a court commissioner could be appointed to look into the pollution \"likely to be caused by the project\".The court, however, pointed out that the PIL did not contain adequate details. \"You cannot file a PIL without proper facts, figures and statistics. The petition should have been prepared to answer the queries of the court,\" said Justice Sinha. The court asked the petitioner to carry out a proper research instead of citing general concerns on public health and safety.The HC allowed Patil to withdraw his PIL. The judges clarified that it was keeping the issues raised in the PIL open and the petitioner could file a fresh plea with proper details.'Pleas being prolonged without reason'In a PIL seeking a probe into the affairs of the administrator of the Union territory of Daman, the high court was informed that though the petition was filed in August 2011, it was not taken up for hearing. Affidavits filed by the respondents alleging that a local politician was behind the petition found no response.When the matter was called out on Friday, the lawyer representing the petitioner sought an adjournment saying the senior advocate who was to argue the case was held up owing to other work. \"Petitions are being kept at the admission stage for a long time without reason. Replies and counter-replies are filed and a case drags on, adding to the backlog. Who benefits from this state of affairs?\" said the judges, while scheduling the matter for hearing in the first week of July and making it clear that no further adjournments would be granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14166072", "title": "Cops arrest eve-teasers, recover SUVs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mahanagar police on Friday arrested SUV-borne five spoilt brats, who had been regularly making rounds of Secretariat Colony and allegedly involved in teasing girls of the area. Police also recovered three Tata Safari-make SUV and a Honda City from their possession. Those arrested were identified as Shakti Singh, Arpit Misra, Shubham Singh, Akhilesh Kumar Singh and Utpal Misra.Police said that Shakti's father is a junior engineer in Jawahar Bhawan, Arpit's father is an income tax inspector, Shubham's father is Sugarcane inspector, Akhilesh's father is a secretary at Cooperative Bank and Utpal's father retired from BHEL. The police action came following complaint by colony residents that several youngsters driving SUVs have been making rounds of the area and were indulged in eve-teasing.District police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey on Friday directed the cops to take action against such youths. As per the directive, the cops were pressed on duty at around 7.30pm.The youngsters arrived in the area, and subsequently, they were nabbed. A case against these youths has been lodged, Pandey said. The IG has also directed the cops in the city to launch a drive from Saturday focussing on SUV drivers and their activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14164447", "title": "Natural rubber included in govt's Market Linked Focus Product Scheme list", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The central government has included branded Indian Natural Rubber (NR) in the Market Linked Focus Product Scheme (MLFPS).According to the foreign trade policy amendment by the ministry of commerce and industry on June 5, Indian NR has been included as the 147th item in the MLFPS. Being included in the list, Indian branded NR exported to Malaysia, China, Turkey, Brazil, Belgium, Italy, Spain, Germany, Sri Lanka, Bulgaria, Austria, Korea, Mexico, Israel, Singapore, Indonesia, Portugal, Argentina, Australia and the US will be incentivized at 2% of the Free On Board (FoB) value of the exports. Branding of natural rubber is the first of its kind concept promoted by any rubber producing countries. Under the revised MLFPS, sectors of high export intensity or employment potential would be incentivized at 2% of the FoB value of exports when exported to the linked markets. The credit scrip would be permitted for the payment of excise duty in domestic procurement.The Rubber Board is promoting the export of rubber to adjust demand-supply imbalances and to maintain domestic price at a comparable level with international markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163183", "title": "Administration vetting final draft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The final plan for metro rail project for Chandigarh and its adjoining areas is ready as Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has submitted the draft of the detailed project report (DPR) to UT administration with exact details of the two north-south and east-west corridors.A senior UT official said after studying the report, the administration will get back to DMRC with suggestions for any changes in the plan.The first route will run from north of the city to the south and start from a site close to Capitol Complex, high court and Rock Garden in north will reach Sector 17 plaza through UT Secretariat on Jan Marg, ISBT-43 and go up to Aerocity in Mohali. In Mohali, it will cover City Centre and turn near Sohana gurdwara. The other route, East-West Corridor, will start from Sector 21, Panchkula and lead to railway station, Sector 17, PGI, Sarangpur and reach up to Mullanpur.DMRC has also worked out financial model for making tube a viable project. Besides funding from the Centre and soft loans, Punjab and Haryana will also make contributions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14168572", "title": "Power restored to Spencer after two-day blackout", "text": "CHENNAI:For a second consecutive day, Spencer Plaza did not have power until 7pm on Friday when the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) restored supply.But, the restoration of power came a littletoolatefor most of the 480 shopkeepers in the one of the biggest and oldest shopping malls in the city. There were only a handful of customers at the mall on Friday. This is the first time that the mallhasbeen closedfor two consecutive days since the old building was replaced after a firein 1984.The proposed meeting between representativesof Plaza Maintenance and Services Limited (PMSL ), shop owners and TNEB chairman at the board's headquarters on Anna Salai has been postponed indefinitely. \"Power supply was restored at 7pm. I don't want to comment further,\" said M Balasubramanian, managing director,PMSL.More than 40 corporate offices in the building were facing major difficulties in running operations on Friday. In the eight-storey airconditioned shopping-cum-office complex, shops occupy second floors in all the three phases and the office units are spread between thefourth andtheseventh floors. \"As most of our clients are abroad, we also got stretched due to the power cut. Somehow we managed,\" said an officialof a BPOin the plaza.\"The power crises in the mall has worsened since May when we were told by TNEB to get a no-objection certificate (NOC) from them before getting power from a third party,\" said a sourcein PMSL.The mallhas gradually witnessed a decline in footfalls from morethan 40,000consumers to 15,000 on weekends. As the mallisclassified asHTconsumer, 40% of power is cut from 10pm to 2pm and 3pm to 6pm,while 95 %of power iscut daily between 6pm and 10pm. \"Sinceour primebusinesshappensisin theevening,the power cut really hurts our livelihood,\" said a shop owner. On Thursday, TNEB cut power supply for 48 hours citing that PMSL owes penalty andcrosssubsidy chargesof 3 crore for excessive use of power a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14163063", "title": "Broadcasters against delay in digitization", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the June 30 deadline for the digitalization of cable services in four metros looming large, broadcasters have written to I&B; minister Ambika Soni pointing out that any extension or delay in implementation of the timeframe could lead to uncertainty, waste of money, time and credibility issues for the government.News Broadcasters Association and Indian Broadcasting Federation have written to Soni strongly urging the government to desist from extension of the deadline. The broadcasters said that advertising inventory worth Rs 300-Rs 350 crore has been spent in airing awareness campaigns about digitization and the scheduled implementation date.Speaking after the taskforce meeting on Friday, I&B; secretary U K Varma said that a decision on extension would be taken next week. \"The taskforce took note of all the information that it has received from the stakeholders. We are also in touch with the state governments, and after considering all these things, we will come to a conclusion,\" Varma said.Sources said that the ministry was in regular touch with state governments who had been asked to give compressed timelines. Tamil Nadu has already sought six months for implementation, while West Bengal said that it needed more time. In all only 25% of digital set top boxes have been seeded in the four metros of Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata, indicating that efforts had to be strengthened to meet the first phase deadline of July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14161273", "title": "CWC staff accused of siphoning off foodgrain", "text": "VADODARA: Employees of Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) have been accused of having siphoned off 44,000 kilograms of foodgrain from the corporation's godown in the city. A police complaint has been registered in the matter by CWC manager at Fatehgunj police station. Five accused, including a former CWC manager, have been named in the FIR.According to the police complaint, during a regular inspection at CWC earlier this year, a senior official from Ahmedabad found that 881 sacks of foodgrain were missing. The audit was done from February 2011 to March 31, 2012. Of the total 68,229 sacks of foodgrain, 881 were missing. An internal inquiry was done in CWC and it surfaced that five of its employees had siphoned off the grain.\"We are investigating the complaint. It would be difficult to say at this moment where the accused sold off the grain. We will first collect all the evidence and then question the accused,\" said Fatehgunj police inspector Nisarg Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163305", "title": "Will TDP lose 'main opposition' tag?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The TDP office remained as empty as its tally in the byelections, the results of which were declared on Friday afternoon. The deserted NTR Trust Bhavan was a direct pointer to the party's rapid decline in state politics. So much so that the party is now reduced to a small regional outfit and could soon lose out the main opposition party tag to Jagan's YSR Congress, which is fast climbing up the poll charts.\"The writing is clear on the wall. If the party leadership does not set its house in order urgently, it could face further rejection from the voter who is distancing himself away from the party. Also, the 'Jagan corruption issue' has hurt the party badly,\" said senior leader Talasani Srinivas Yadav. Leave alone Telangana and Rayalaseema regions where it fared poorly, the party's performance in its Kamma-dominant coastal Andhra region left a lot to be desired. For instance, in Prathipadu, where the party was expected to do well, its candidate lost the race to YSR CP's Sucharita. Similarly, in Macherla, its corruption plank cut little ice with the voters who elected YSR CP's Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy.However, putting up a brave front, party MLA Revanth Reddy said that by the 2014 elections, the party would galvanize its ranks. \"There are no second prizes in elections. We lost the race,\" he said. He, however, takes pride in claiming that YSR CP's voting percentage of 63 in Kadapa has come down to 35% now. Though the party came second in 10 of the 18 seats it contested, there was nothing to gloat about on its overall show. \"The TDP is sinking. It is not even in a position to cash in on the anti-establishment wave and instead has ceded the ground to Jagan's party. The leadership does not seem to come to terms with the popular public mood,\" points out senior analyst Ganta Chakrapani.Shockingly, TDP leaders continue to attribute the YSR CP's resounding victory to the sympathy factor. \"We have nothing to lose or gain in these elections. The 2014 elections are our ultimate goal,\" claims Motkupalli Narasimhulu, party MLA from Telangana, where the party is almost blanked out by the electorate.Another significant factor which the TDP is ignoring conveniently is the margin of victory for the YSR CP candidates. For example, Golla Babu Rao, who won the Payakaraopet seat in 2009 by a whisker 656 votes, defeated his TDP rival Chengala Venkat Rao by 14,362 votes now. Srikanth Reddy secured the highest victory margin of 56,891 votes in Rayachoti this time against his TDP rival as against the 12,000-vote majority he got in 2009. What could be more worrying for the party is losing in Rayadurg and Yemmiganur with huge margins of more than 25,000 votes.In fact, as a major political party, the TDP has been losing successive bypolls in Telangana and never won a general election after 1999. An insider said that the immediate concern for the party leadership should be to retain its flock and stop poaching of its MLAs from jumping over to the Jagan camp. On the other hand, party MLA from Rayalaseema, Payyavula Keshav said that it's too early to press the panic button. \"It's a temporary setback and we would overcome it by reworking our strategies,\" he said.M V Mysura Reddy, who recently crossed over to the Jagan camp, said that the TDP committed a political suicide by joining hands with the Congress. While the party rank and file is down and out, a big question mark hangs over the future of the party with Naidu at the helm. \"By constantly targeting YSR and Jagan as corrupt leaders, Naidu has failed to read the pulse of the people,\" CPI (ML) New Democracy leader P Sandhya, a staunch critic of YSR CP, said.Leave alone Telangana and Rayalaseema regions where it fared poorly, the party's performance in its Kamma-dominant coastal Andhra region left a lot to be desired. For instance, in Prathipadu, where the party was expected to do well, its candidate lost the race to YSR CP's Sucharita. Similarly, in Macherla, its corruption plank cut little ice with the voters who elected YSR CP's Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14168811", "title": "Stop burning garbage at Pallikaranai, says HC", "text": "The Madras high court has banned burning garbage at Pallikaranai dump yard and directed the authorities to immediately put out the fire at the environmentally fragile marshland.Describing last week's fire at the dump yard as a 'seriousissue,' thefirst bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said : \"Burning of garbage in various places in the state, particularly in Pallikaranai, has become a very serious issue.\" Thebenchwas passing interim orders on a public interest writ petition filed by S Viswanathan on Friday.The bench, besides suggesting that advocate - general- aneethakrishnan personally visit the dump yard, asked him to seek instruction from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) and the Chennai mayor, and to file a counter before June 27. The PIL, noting that several studies and recommendations by various bodies including IIT-M adras, had notbeen actedupon,saidtheJune 9 fire and thick smoke had left several residents in the region breathless and reduced visibility for motorists. Residents had to remain confined to their houses even as several fire tenders fought for a couple of days to bring the situation under control. TheTNPCB's mandate includes collection and analysis of effluents, air quality survey and monitoring of water quality in water sources, the PIL said, adding that noneof these mandatory duties had been completed by the board in Pallikaranai region, despite several representations.ThePILwanted the court to order medical assistance to locals, besides compensation to those affected by the omission and commission of the TNPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14169214", "title": "3-year-old, uncle run over by train", "text": "CHENNAI: A daily wage labourer and his three-year-old nephew were run over by a speeding train between Potheri and Katankalathur, about 65km from Chennai, on Thursday night. Police said Elumalai, 35, a native of Vandavasi in Tiruvannamalai district, had recently shifted to Chennai for employment and was staying on a pavement at Katankalathur. His nephew Akash's family had also moved from Ginjee to the city to work in construction sites. On Thursday night, Elumalai was taking his nephew across the tracks to buy him some sweets when they were hit by the train going from Chennai Beach to Tirumalpur.Motorists waiting for the railway gate to open informed police and the bodies were taken to the Chromepet General Hospital for postmortem. On Wednesday, a nurse attached to the Government General Hospital was run over by a train at Pallavaram while crossing the track, while a software engineer travelling to Chetpet from Tambaram on the footboard was dragged to his death when his shoulder bag came into contact with a pole about two weeks ago.The Government Railway Police at Tambaram said around 100-175 people were killed by speeding trains every year on the St Thomas Mount-Singaperumal Koil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14169094", "title": "No bail for men hurt while making bomb", "text": "CHENNAI: The bail plea of two men injured in a balst while manufacturing a country bomb at their house has been dismissed by principal district and sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan. S Suganthan, 26, and B Sathya alias Santhanaraj, 32, history-sheeters from Thoothukudi, were members of a gang. While Suganthan was involved in four previous cases, including a murder case, Sathya was involved in two previous murder cases, public prosecutor M L Jegan said. They received information that members of a rival gang were planning to attack them. They began trying to prepare country bombs at their house in T P Chathiram on April 26 but one of them exploded in the process. Their neighbour, Manimaran alias Bhaskaran, who lived in the house below their own heard an explosion and rushed upstairs. He found both men bleeding due to injuries on the face, hands and thighs. At first, he thought the television had exploded but later found out that it was a country bomb. Both men were subsequently arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166244", "title": "Online facility open on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The online application process for undergraduate courses in DU will end at 5pm on Monday. Forms will be sold over the counter for two more days\u2014Saturday and Monday\u2014and the process will come to a close at 1pm on Monday. The online facility, however, allows you to apply on Sunday as well.By Friday evening, the number of online submissions touched 29,500. The number is expected to cross 40,000 by Monday.\"The past few days have seen a surge in online registration and submission. Most of the applications are from outstation candidates,\" said dean of students' welfare J M Khurana.Though online registration will be open till 5pm on Monday\u2014June 18\u2014DU officials are advising students to complete the submission, including payment, by Sunday as there could be last-minute glitches.\"Although the facility will be open till 5pm, factors like internet speed or gateway activity are beyond our control. It is better to be on the safe side,\" said the deputy dean of students' welfare, Gurpreet Singh Tuteja. Meanwhile, the total submission crossed the 1-lakh mark on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "14181174", "title": "To use unspent NRHM money, Odisha gives more power to district health officers", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: In its bid to utilise unspent funds under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) at a faster pace, the state government has decided to increase financial powers of chief district medical officers (CDMOs). The state had failed to us Rs 138 crore last fiscal. CDMOs, who had the authority to approve funds up to to Rs 5 lakh, can now sanction up to Rs 20 lakh.\"For funds above Rs 5 lakh, the district level authorities had to approach the higher authorities, which takes time. If they can spend more at their level, overall funds utilization in the year will be substantially higher,\" said a senior officer of the department.A June 11 resolution of the state health and family welfare department reveals that besides being given greater financial powers, CDMOs will be designated as district mission directors under the NRHM. CDMOs and officers down the sub-divisional and primary level have to make records of physical and financial achievements of work as per the annual performance improvement plan (PIP).The steps come in the backdrop of the state failing to use NRHM funds year after year. The unspent backlog available under NRHM as on April 1 this year was 138.60 crore, as per a May 26 letter from NRHM director Dr Sudesh K Mohammed to state mission director Pramod K Meherda.The unutilised money includes Rs 79. 44 crore under NRHM flexi pool, 45.08 crore under reproductive and child health (RCH) flexi pool, Rs 6.84 crore under the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), Rs 2.06 crore meant for immunization, Rs 2.85 crore under National Programme for Control of Blindness (NPCB) and Rs 1.88 crore under National Programme for Control of Blindness (RNTCP).The department has a resource envelop of Rs 1009.95 crore to spend during the financial year 2012-13. However, the state has submitted a performance improvement plan (PIP) of Rs 788.99 crore to the Centre and has been unable to plan for the rest Rs 220.96 crore.The Union NRHM director has asked the state to submit its plan for the rest Rs 220.96 crore at the earliest. While Union government would give Rs 653.51, the state's 25 per cent share is calculated at Rs 217.84 crore, besides the unspent money of the last fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14168805", "title": "CPM sweeps Tripura bypoll", "text": "AGARTALA: The ruling Left Front (LF) has maintained its record of a comfortable victory in Nalchar by-election on Friday for the sixth constitutive term by doubling the vote margin. The LF-supported CPM candidate, Tapan Das, defeated Congress candidate Dwijendra Lal Das by a margin of 4,777 votes where the total casting was 96 per cent.The CPM candidates bagged 18,001 votes whereas the Congress candidates had to remain satisfied with 13,224 votes. Both BJP and Amra Bangli (regional party) have forfeited their candidatures in the election. While the CPI-M has termed the victory as the success of peace and development of the Left Front government, opposition Congress still blamed the mechanical tempering of electronic voting machines (EVMs), which were with the state government's custody for the past few years.\"Unless fresh EVMs or ballots are used and independent administrative supervision is introduced in the election, it is difficult for the Congress to win,\" alleged leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath.Meanwhile, CPM state secretary Bijan Dhar claimed people here had rejected Congress because of its traditional, anti-developmental approach and falsification. \"In the last assembly election CPM candidate had won the seat by a margin of 2532 votes but in the by-poll the win margin has almost doubled with the party registering about 56 per cent votes where as Congress got 41 per cent.The by-election was necessitated following sudden death of incumbent CPM MLA Sukumar Barman on March 10 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14181883", "title": "Government approves tall buildings, houses to go cheaper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Affordable housing for middle class families is here as the state urban development department has approved a Gujarat Housing Board's (GHB) requests for constructing 70 meter tall residential towers. This special approval will only be for GHB land parcels according to senior UDD officials. Today buildings in Gujarat have barely managed to reach 40 meters.This would mean that the GHB will be allowed to construct towers with a Floor Space Index (FSI) of 3.0 to go that tall. The UDD has also said that the GHB need not pay any premium to the government in lieu of the extra FSI to reach these heights. Today the average FSI is 1.8 across cities in Gujarat.This is a lucrative option as land prices constitute 60 per cent of the total project cost in Gujarat and the additional volume of flats can scale down this difference. The announcement is also an invitation for private developers to partner with GHB in a PPP model for constructing residential towers.\"Even houses will be made cheaper without much compromise on the carpet area. Today any private construction project has a deduction of an average of 42 per cent. This means if the builder advertises 1,000 square feet apartment, he is actually giving you 420 square feet after deducting space for staircase space, common plot area, free parking and lift area--normally called the super built-up area.This is sure sign of government's intention of starting to give permissions for taller buildings along special project influence areas. This includes the BRTS corridor, the metro rail corridor, Sabarmati riverfront and Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14175590", "title": "TV takes time and my interests are different: Vipul", "text": "Though currently director Vipul Shah has gone back to his beginning by producing a comedy TV series, 'Bhai, Brother Aur Bhaiyya', (he started his career with a TV soap a decade ago), he is really kicked about what he was doing earlier\u2014 directing films.In fact, once everything is settled, Shah has decided to discontinue with TV to focus on the film. \"TV takes lot of time and right now my interests are different,\" he said. Sources say Shah wasn't took keen on the project, but persistent chase by his old buddy Deven Bhojani, also a comedian, made him do the TV series. \"There's no fight between the two and it was pre-decided that Shah will get back to movie making,\" a source close to Shah said while rubbishing the buzz of Shah-Bhojani rift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165193", "title": "\u2018Discussion after every movie\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thanks to FilmYi Club, movie lovers in city will now be able to catch those movies that they always wanted to see but missed because it was never screened at multiplexes in Ludhiana.Sifti Riat, 25, who conceived the idea of starting a FilmYi Club, says the first movie to be screened on Saturday evening at her South City residence would be \"Sita Sings The Blues\", a 2008 animated feature film, written, directed, produced and animated by American film maker Nina Paley. This movie is an animated movie on Hindu mythology and questions the way mythology is told, which is a topic that interests everyone alike,\" she adds.The club will hold screenings once a month on a weekend or a public holiday.Managing director of Hero Echotech Gaurav Munjal, 35, says this FilmYi Club is an attempt to gather like-minded young people of the city and using the synergy to focus on various issues. \"Every movie will be followed by a discussion among the members about it. In the long run, we will also try to get directors of some of the movies we watch for a discussion with members or experts,\" says Gaurav.He adds they have decided that the hosts would only arrange snacks and pop corns. \"Others are free to get whatever they feel like eating or drinking. If the host of a particular movie doesn't have a big screen, we will arrange a projector,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162858", "title": "Matrimonial sites become a new crime spot for con men", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wedding portals have become one of the most lucrative venues for new age con artistes to loot people. Cyber Crime sleuths say that hundreds of youngsters are falling prey to the sweet talk of these highly 'educated' con artistes and losing a lot of money.In the last one year, Cyber Crime sleuths recorded two cases where con artistes successfully used matrimonial sites to dupe people. The recently arrested B Tech graduate B Ravi Kishore duped 54 women by posing as an IIT graduate with a Master's degree from University of California.His predecessor, V Deepti Reddy, who was arrested by CID sleuths in 2011, lured high earning professionals by posing as an MBBS graduate. \"Though there are many such instances, only a handful of the victims approach the police as the media attention might further dampen their chances of getting a suitable partner,\" a CID official said.CID sleuths who investigated both these cases found striking similarities in the modus operandi of the two criminals and the profiles of their victims. The victims in both these cases were high earning professionals, mostly software engineers, doctors, architects and management professionals.Despite being well educated, none of the victims bothered to verify the genuineness of the profiles of the accused and police believe that the not so easily available 'suitable' partner is the reason behind it. The victims were blinded by the polished English and well respected professional life of the accused.\"Kishore, who worked in a BPO earlier, used to talk to the victims with an American accent. So, the victims never bothered to cross check his claims of being a Microsoft employee with degrees from IIT Mumbai and University of California ,\" CID additional SP, U Ram Mohan, said.To further push the victims into trusting him, Kishore always used to travel in a hired AC cab and meet the victims at five star hotels only. \"In reality, Kishore used to share a flat with some others at Miyapur in the city outskirts and he just had two pairs of formal wear,\" the investigating officer said. None of the 54 women whom he befriended through his profile on the matrimonial site knew his actual residential address but he successfully exploited 22 of them.Same was the case with Deepti Reddy who borrowed money from just over 20 people by befriending them through her doctor profile on a matrimonial site. Deepti was already married twice before she posted her profile on the website and she has two children, police said. Deepti took lakhs of rupees from several of her prospective grooms, whom she never met personally, by saying that the money is for performing surgeries on poor children.As there are lakhs of educated youth registered on these matrimonial sites, CID sleuths have suggested some steps to identify such con artistes:Always verify the profile details of the individual before becoming close to that person. Employment verification can be easily done by calling up the concerned company or by paying a personal visit.Don't give money to people with whom you become friends through online profiles even if they emotionally blackmail you.Do not indulge in online chatting, dating or get emotionally involved with people without verifying the truthfulness of their claims.None of the victims bothered to verify the genuineness of the profiles of the accused and police believe that the not so easily available 'suitable' partner is the reason behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14163843", "title": "Viva! Bangalore lakes get some oxygen", "text": "Sit by the rippling waters of a lake, read a book or just dream on, watch brightly coloured birds wing by... if this sounds like an impossibility in congested Bangalore, just drive down Sarjapur Road, and on your right, the quiet Kaikondrahalli lake beckons you.Spread across 48 acres, 23 guntas, Kaikondrahalli was not always a beautiful sheet of water. Till 2009, the water body near Sarjapura was a heap of garbage and filled with weeds. It was developed at a cost of Rs 2.76 crore by the residents and Mahadevapura Parisara Samrakshane Mattu Abhivrudhi Samiti (MAPMAS), who pursued the matter with the BBMP and state government and got funds for the project. Ever since, it has been a major attraction for the residents of Bellandur.It was when encroachment began from various corners that the residents realized they must step in. What they have now is a clean, huge water body next to their homes, that offers biodiversity with a tree park, walk way and cycle path. The security angle is also taken care off.Maintenance of the lake after rejuvenation was taken up by an NGO, United Way Bengaluru. In all, United Way took up 11 lakes from BBMP for maintenance. The NGO mobilizes residents of the locality and makes them feel that the lake belongs to them. It works on maintaining the lakes by networking with IT companies in the city, which extend their support to fulfil corporate social responsibility.Intel Technology India Private Limited is in talks with United Way to come up with an insect and butterfly park inside the lake premises.MP Chandrashekar, executive engineer, BBMP, who engaged himself with the restoration of Kaikondrahalli, said the project was successful largely because of the cooperation extended by United Way and MAPMAS. The Samiti was also involved in reviving Lower Amballipura lake, which is close to Kaikondrahalli lake.\"Living around Lower Amballipura lake, we had to put up with mosquitoes and a stench, and also missed the hundreds of birds which used to come here earlier. There was no human movement. We petitioned the government and thankfully, the authorities were kind enough to let us participate in rejuvenating the lake. Today, children walk here, as do their grandparents, we can hear the chirping of birds in the morning,\" said Rajesh Rao, trustee, MAPMAS, and a resident of Amballipura, near SarjapuraUTTARAHALLI NEEDS A PUSHUnited Way has made similar efforts to mobilize residents on taking ownership for Uttarahalli lake. But, compared to Kaikondrahalli, it's a different scenario altogether, as the lake has been encroached from all sides: there are several houses, part of it is used as a public toilet by the villagers of Uttarahalli, while another portion is a graveyard! BBMP's efforts to fence the lake have also come to nought, as the pathway of the lake has almost become a public road.On December 1, 2009, then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had laid the foundation stone for the restoration of Uttarahalli lake, and declared that the project would be taken up at a cost of Rs 3.76 crore. It's been over two years, but there is little development.Now, United Way Bengaluru is getting to work. Thomson Reuters and Goldman Sachs have started planting saplings in its surroundings, and United Way has deployed security personnel to protect it. \"The problem is that the communities living around are not awakened. On one side, there are posh apartment complexes and on the other, there are slums. Such heterogeneous communities have to come forward for the upkeep of the lake,\" says Manish Michael, head of operations, United Way.CHALLENGES IN LAKE CITYUnited Way found that though Bangalore is actually a lake city, it faces a challenge in getting drinking water. So we started this project, where we brought in corporates, social leaders and community participants to rejuvenate lakes. BBMP supported our proposal; we had multiple negotiations with BBMP and environmentalists over how to go about it. We got about 11 lakes to rejuvenate from the BBMP and the biggest challenge was to rope in the communities. Kaikondrahalli lake had already seen some attention from the residents living around it, so it was easy for us to take up this lake first. We involved leaders like Yellappa Reddy, Ashwin Mahesh and RK Misra and got institutions like ISEC and BET to maintain the lake. BBMP built a fence, STP and also desilts the lake. We set up Lake Plus, where residents can plan and upkeep amenities like the cycling track, jogging track, children's recreation centre, and make it a readers' paradise.Sabu Thomas | united way bengaluruLakes present a big opportunity to take care of the environment. Bangaloreans need a place for morning and evening walks, and we got good representation from communities living around some lakes. They wanted to rejuvenate and take care of the lakes. It is a great objective, and we would love to take up upkeep of other lakes. We are planning to landscape Kaikondrahalli lake, see to it that illegal activities don't start here, and that children get the freedom to play. The lake will be a beautiful place so people keep returning here.Kamal Sagar | chairman, total environment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14166637", "title": "25 injured as tractor overturns near Hanchinal", "text": "HUBLI: Twenty five persons were injured when the tractor in which they were travelling overturned near Hanchinal of Belgaum district on Friday evening.They were admitted to Navalgund government hospital. Saundatti police said that the tractor was heading to Hebbal of Navalgund taluk from Hanchinal of Saundatti taluk, ferrying people who attended a wedding in Hanchinal. All the 25 persons have suffered minor injuries. No case has been registered, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158426", "title": "\u2018Hubby\u2019s illicit relation with sisters a serious allegation\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a serious allegation, the Bombay high court observed on Friday, while hearing an appeal against a family court's order granting divorce to a man after his wife alleged that he had illicit relations with his two unmarried sisters.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by Naina Patel challenging the family court's December 1, 2011, order dissolving her marriage with Nilesh. The family court had said she levelled \"wild allegations without truth\" against her husband and his sisters who are in the \"noble professions of advocacy and medicine\". The court held that it was mental cruelty on her part and she deserted her husband.Nilesh and Naina got married in February 1990; they had a daughter in 1992. Naina left her matrimonial home in Byculla in June 2005 and went to live with her father in Vasai. In July 2006, she filed an application for maintenance for herself and their daughter. In June 2007, Nilesh filed a divorce petition.The family court, allowing his petition, also said Naina had not proved evidence that she was tortured or harassed as \"falsely claimed\" by her or in support of her \"alleged contention\" against her husband.Naina's advocate argued that the family court passed a \"one-sided judgment, overlooking circumstances that forced her to leave home\". He said she did not want divorce but a separate house and maintenance. The judges asked if Naina had any material to substantiate the \"serious\" allegation against Nilesh. \"She saw her husband having illicit relations with his sisters,\" her advocate said.Justice Khanwilkar said, \"You reiterate the allegation, but you have no evidence to prove it.\" Her advocate replied, \"It is oral. She has made the statement out of her inner feeling.\" But the judges said it was not sufficient to prove cruelty on Nilesh's part. Her advocate submitted that Naina did not refer to the allegation when she filed for maintenance. \"It is privileged communication between a man and his wife,\" he said.Naina's advocate claimed the sisters-in-law harassed and taunted her. The judges said it was at best humiliation but she had to prove that the cruelty was of such nature that staying with Nilesh was harmful for her. The judges reserved their order.(Names have been changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143619", "title": "Another Khan coming soon", "text": "These days Fardeen Khan is often accompanied by a young lad. He was seen with the actor at a recent awards event in Singapore .You don't have to look too close to realize that there's some family connection. When we quizzed Fardeen, he told us that he's his cousin Reza, his chacha Sharooq's son. Fardeen and Zayed's cousin, we hear, is interested in an acting career. He's just moved to the city and is currently honing his acting skills. Considering that Zayed has turned to production recently, we wonder if he's planning a launch pad for cousin Reza?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174476", "title": "Jackie Shroff shifts near Salman and Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "Barely weeks after signing YRF's Dhoom 3, where he frequently shares screen space with Aamir Khan, Jackie Shroff will now play neighbour to both Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan .Last afternoon, the actor and his family moved to their new house in Bandra Bandstand. Jackie recently bought the entire 14th floor spread across nearly 3,000 sq feet of Vaastu, a 20-storeyed building in Bandstand. And, Vaastu is strategically located between SRK's Mannat and Salman Khan's Galaxy Apartments.Jackie's wife Ayesha confirmed the news and added, \"Even as we speak, my staff is helping me move all our belongings. We will start staying in Vaastu from today.\" Elated at having completed 25 years of marriage on June 5, which also coincided with her birthday, she said, \"It's a great feeling. And I know Jackie since 35 years.\"Asked why they decided to move, she said, \"We needed a larger space. We sold off our old flat near Linking Road. Jackie and I just can't stop smiling. Touch wood!\" For Jackie, who hasn't exactly been in the limelight for some time now, this may well be the start of a new innings both professionally and personally. A friend of the actor told TOI, \"He and Ayesha are in a very happy space. They just completed 25 years of togetherness. His son Tiger recently signed his first film, produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. And Aditya Chopra signed him two weeks ago to play a pivotal role in Dhoom 3.\"Besides, Jackie's daughter Krishna will soon be flying down from Dubai to be with the family in their moment of celebration. \"Krishna is doing a course in filmmaking in Dubai. She wants to produce movies,\" said the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14159759", "title": "SBI staff threaten strike,demand Rs 1 cr for kin", "text": "PATNA: Alleging that there were several lapses in the security system of the SBI's Patliputra Colony branch, where head cashier James Michael was shot dead on Thursday by an unidentified man, State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA) assistant general secretary (HQ) Vijay Kumar Rai on Friday demanded that the bank management and state government should provide Rs 50 lakh each as compensation to the deceased's family. The bank management should also provide a job to one of the family members of the deceased.He announced that if the demands of the association are not conceded, all 60 SBI branches under the Patna Circle from Khagaul to Patna City would remain closed on Monday. If the demands are not conceded even then, the SBISA would give a call for indefinite SBI bandh in Bihar and Jharkhand. He claimed that the Patliputra branch personnel would not work on Saturday.Rai said that despite a poster put up outside the SBI's Patliputra branch that the branch employees would not work on Friday to protest the murder, the association came to know that work was going on in the said branch. This led to some drama with the association members raising slogans against the branch manager, Vijay Kumar, charging him with being insensitive to the killing, and the bank management. He also said that the branch's CCTV camera was not working.Meanwhile, Patna Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj, along with a police team, recorded the statements of bank employees. He said there was no video footage of the incident in the CCTV camera of the bank branch. Some persons have been picked up for interrogation in connection with the incident, he said and added that Vermaji, whose name the assailant had mentioned before gunning down James Michael, would also be quizzed. \"Even the deceased, before succumbing to his injuries, had mentioned the name of Vermaji, but he could not speak any further,\" the SSP said and added that the pen pistol and countrymade pistol, recovered from the spot, would be sent to Forensic Science Laboratory for tests.A bank employee, who did not wish to be quoted, said the James's predecessor, B K Verma, was transferred from the branch about 10 months back and was currently posted at the Rajbanshi Nagar branch. He conjectured that the killer took Verma's name to divert police.The branch manager said a condolence meeting was organized on the bank premises. \"After that, all the employees did not work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14159879", "title": "Metro rail project on track, Surat Municipal Corporation sanctions study", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has sanctioned Rs 1 crore to conduct a feasibility study for its metro rail project.\"This rail link will be a part of an integrated rapid mass transport system along with Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) to cater to the future needs of the city,\" said standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel. It is estimated that for a 100 km of metro rail in Surat city, about Rs 17,500 crore would have to be spent.Once the master plan for integrated development of Surat Urban Development Authority ( SUDA) is ready by early 2013, the announcement of the metro rail project will be made by the chief minister in the city.The routes being looked at are Surat-Kamrej, Sayan-Sachin, Surat-Navsari road and the bank of river Tapi.\"This is not going to be a part of Rs 1 lakh crore multi-model Gujarat Metro Grid (GMG) project,\" a senior SMC official said. GMG has a 20-year vision which encompasses metro rail, mono rail and light weight transportation system in major cities of Gujarat, he said.\"As far as Surat is concerned, we need the metro to link areas, which are not going to be covered by BRTS,\" said city engineer Jatin Shah.\"We are conducting a feasibility study on the metro rail project for the city,\" said municipal commissioner MK Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14160075", "title": "CBI to ask Swiss for information on defence firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a week after the CBI arrested businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife Anca Neacsu, the agency has decided to approach Switzerland for further details on Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD), which is alleged to have offered bribes to the couple to thwart the Indian government's bid to blacklist it.Sources said the CBI would be sending a Letter Rogatory (LR) to Switzerland seeking details on RAD, especially its transactions, including the payments made to Verma and firms associated with him.Sources told TOI, \"We have found documentary evidence which shows that Abhishek Verma had promised representatives of Rheinmetall that he would get the company's name deleted from the list of firms to be blacklisted by the ministry of defence (MoD), for which $530,000 was transferred to his account\".Now, the agency is trying to find out the names of the government officials whom Verma was to influence to not let the Swiss company's name added to the blacklisted firms.Verma and his wife are in CBI custody and they are denying the charges made against them. \"We have enough evidence against them. We will seek details from Switzerland on the alleged transfer and about the company through official channels,\" said the officer.CBI sources said $530,000 was deposited by the Swiss company on February 17, 2011, in the US escrow account of Ganton, a firm that the agency suspects belongs to Verma.MoD had initiated the process to blacklist six defence firms, including RAD, after the CBI reported in 2010 about the evidence of these companies offering bribes to Sudipto Ghosh, an ex-chairman of the Ordnance Factory board, to clinch lucrative deals. The payment was made to Verma to get RAD removed from the blacklist.It is suspected that there were meetings between Verma and Rheinmetall officials in the beginning of this year in the national Capital. After registering a case last week, the CBI and IT officials had also carried joint raids on Verma and associates in Delhi and Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14164652", "title": "Calicut University puts off exams at short notice", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Abrupt postponement of examinations, answer papers going missing, and indefinite delays in the conduct of exams seems to have become the order of the day at the Calicut University.The varsity on Thursday abruptly postponed the first semester BA, BSc, and BCom examination of private degree students scheduled for Friday to July 3, leaving in a quandary around 50,000 students across five districts.The students, who are now in the third semester of their course, are yet to write their first semester exams that were supposed to be held last November. Continuing with the trend, the varsity again on Friday postponed another first semester examination to be held on June 18 to July 4 and the fourth semester BA, BSc, BCom (regular) examinations to be held on June 18 to June 30. The official explanation offered for the move is at once startling and vague.The university press release stated that the varsity suspected that some 'deliberate moves' were made to scuttle the examination and expressed its 'deep regret' to the students. The vice-chancellor also warned strict action against those responsible for the fiasco.The first semester degree examinations under the School of Distance Education (SDE) had to be postponed in the last minute after it was found out that the examination department had not even readied the hall tickets for the exams even a day ahead of it.The postponement of exams comes days after hundreds of examination answer scripts of the fourth semester BA, BSc and BCom examinations went missing. The university is now scrambling to recover the missing answer scripts so that the final results of the first batch of students under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS) could be published this month itself.Many students have not received even their second semester results even as they are all set to complete the six-semester course this month.T P Ahmed, member of the syndicate examination standing committee, said that the CCSS system was introduced without any preparation and groundwork. \"Lack of inter-departmental coordination and awareness about the system among the staff are the main hurdles. The staff at the examination wing is not proficient in calculating the grades under the new system,\" he said.Ahmed said all the examinations will now be supervised by the syndicate standing committee from next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14167753", "title": "Sons shoot mother, her live-in partner", "text": "LUCKNOW: A woman and her live-in partner were shot dead in Para on early Friday by her two sons. The accused were upset over the live-in relationship between their mother and her nephew.The deceased were identified as Jagdish Yadav, 45, a resident of Rukundipur in Taalkatora and Kamlesh Yadav, wife of Ganga Prasad.The police have arrested one killer, identified as Chandrabhan alias Chander Yadav and recovered a .315-bore country made pistol, an empty shell and two live cartridges from him. Chandrabhan's brother Kallu alias Surajbhan, who is the other accused, is absconding.Jagdish's father Chhedilal, who lodged a named FIR against his two nephews, stated that Jagdish, who was a bachelor, and Kamlesh fell in love. Jagdish used to live with Kamlesh in a rented house in Rukundipur locality.About a year ago, Jagdish got constructed a house in Para moved in with Kamlesh. But this made Kamlesh's sons Surajbhan and Chandrabhan angry.Owing to this enmity, Surajbhan and Chandrabhan and hatched a conspiracy to eliminate Kamlesh and Jagdish. They entered Jagdish's house by climbing the wall and went to the room where Jagdish and Kamlesh were sleeping.Chhedilal alleged Surajbhan and Chandrabhan shot at Jagdish and Kamlesh from point-blank range. The bullets pierced through their heads. Hunt is on for Surajbhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14169142", "title": "Planning Commission sets up expert group to study water logging", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With more than 1.25 lakh hectare of land in south west Punjab, country's food basket, being rendered redundant due to water logging, the matter has been dubbed of 'national importance'. The Planning Commission has set up a high level expert group to study the problem of water logging in the state, which will suggest remedial measures and assess the financial requirement to fix it.The Planning Commission, in an order issued this week, set up a 15-member group, which includes experts from Chennai, Gujarat, Pune and Ludhiana. Led by Dr Mihir Shah, member, water resources and rural development, Planning Commission, it has members including Dr A Vaidyanathan, former member of Planning Commission, Chennai; Dr Tushar Shah of International Water Management Institute, Anand, along with Karam Singh, professor of economics and sociology, Punjab Agriculture University.The move is an upshot of a visit of the Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to the south west districts including Ferozepur, Faridkot, Bathinda and Mansa on May 11 and 12, where he was apprised of the critical problem. Terming it a matter of 'national importance' then, the leader known for his aggressive stand on issue of rural reforms, had agreed to pursue the matter at the central level.The expert group has been entrusted with the task of studying the extent, nature and causes of water logging in Punjab. Even today, the state government has no accurate data on the exact extent of damage wrecked by salinity and water logging. Also, the effectiveness of the present remedial measures in place will be assessed besides suggestions from the expert committee on globally accepted innovative techniques to deal with malaise.While groundwater is declining alarmingly in fresh water regions, it has risen steadily in saline groundwater regions in Muktsar, Bathinda and Faridkot districts. During the last two decades, water table has risen by more than 10 m in 30 % and 10 % area of Muktsar and Bhatinda district.Prolonged water logging has resulted in heavy accumulation of salts, which has made the land permanently unfit for crop production. This has compelled a number of suicides by farmers under heavy debts.A recent state government commissioned report has thrown up shocking figures. Unable to meet the financial crisis, an estimated 5,000 farmers and farm labourers committed suicide in Punjab in the last decade - 2000 to 2010. This works out to 500 suicides a year or three suicides every two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165009", "title": "No monsoon until July, say weathermen", "text": "LUDHIANA: There would be no mercy from the weather over the next three days, as there would be no rains or drop in temperature, suggest the agro-meteorologist of Punjab Agriculture University (PAU). On Friday, the maximum temperature in the city went three degrees beyond the normal temperature for this time of the year, at 43.6 degrees celsius.Associate agro-meteorologist at PAU Kulwinder Kaur Gill says, \"At 43.6 degrees celsius, the maximum temperature recorded today is higher by 3.6 degrees celsius than the normal for June in Ludhiana. The pre-monsoon showers will occur only after the wind pattern changes from north westerly disturbance to southern winds. The monsoon is likely to reach here after July first week.\"Kaur says the humidity level has also risen by about 10% during morning and evening and was recorded at 60% in the day and 20% in the night on Thursday.Simranjeet Singh, an engineering student from Dugri, says, \"Even the air conditioners are not proving to be effective inthis hot weather. It is better to stay home than going out in the morning.\"Surjeet Kaur, a homemaker from Kitchlu Nagar, says mercury staying beyond the 40 degrees celsius mark in June is an abnormal condition. \"The streets too wear a deserted look,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14165558", "title": "Government hikes limit of funds sanctioned by chief district medical officers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For faster utilization of funds under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), the state government has decided to increase financial powers of chief district medical officers (CDMOs). They can now approve up to Rs 20 lakh against the current level of Rs 5 lakh. The state had failed to use Rs 138 crore last fiscal. \"Greater decentralization at the district-level will speed up spending, as crores are lying unutilised,\" said a senior officer of the department.A June 11 resolution of the state health and family welfare department reveals that besides being given greater financial powers, CDMOs will be designated as district mission directors under the NRHM. CDMOs and officers down the sub-divisional and primary level have record physical and financial achievements as per the annual performance improvement plan (PIP).The steps come in the backdrop of the state failing to use NRHM funds year after year. The unspent backlog available under NRHM as on April 1 this year was 138.6 crore, as per a May 26 letter from NRHM director Dr Sudesh K Mohammed to state mission director Pramod K Meherda.The unutilised money includes Rs 79. 44 crore under NRHM flexi pool, 45.08 crore under reproductive and child health (RCH) flexi pool, Rs 6.84 crore under the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), Rs 2.06 crore meant for immunization, Rs 2.85 crore under National Programme for Control of Blindness (NPCB) and Rs 1.88 crore under Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP).The department has a resource envelop of Rs 1009.95 crore to spend during 2012-13 financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14159246", "title": "Government talks tough as Patna Medical College and Hospital strike on", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH)'s junior doctors' strike continued for the second day on Friday, virtually paralysing the medicare facilities at the 1,675-bed government hospital, especially the emergency ward which wore a deserted look.Two rounds of talks were held between the junior doctors and the hospital authorities on Thursday. But the deadlock persisted as the striking doctors are adamant on their demand for security to them and removal of PMCH superintendent.According to principal secretary (health) Vyasji, a contingency plan has been chalked out by the government to handle the situation. \"We are requisitioning doctors from other districts; some of them have already arrived,\" he said. A committee has also been constituted to probe the incident of manhandling of the PMCH superintendent and deputy superintendent by the junior doctors while they were trying to persuade the agitators to call of their strike, on Thursday. \"The government will act tough and rusticate those involved in the manhandling incident,\" he said.The 250-bed emergency ward was chock-a-block with patients prior to the strike call. On Friday, however, only 20-odd patients were in the ward as most of the patients moved to private hospitals for treatment. The inflow of patients to OPDs also came down to nearly 20 as against 500-odd on normal days. Barring few, all the patients in the emergency paediatric ward had moved to other places by Friday. Only a few children, particularly those suffering from acute encephalitis syndrome, which has claimed more than 100 lives during the last 20 days in the state, are left in the ward.PMCH principal Dr N P Yadav said, \"The junior doctors have demanded the visit of health minister or principal secretary (health) to the hospital and have conveyed to us that they will not go to them. Another round of meeting is scheduled for Saturday morning.\"\"Why the government shall meet them? They cannot hold the government to ransom,\" Vyasji said and added senior doctors of the hospital had been directed to provide services to the patients.According to Dr Yadav, 14 doctors have joined the PMCH on deputation from the health services cadre. \"I have clear instructions from the government to take strict action against the junior doctors if they continue their strike,\" he said and added a list of striking junior doctors was being prepared and the same would be sent to the government. \"Stern measures, including cancellation of their registration, will be initiated. We are also approaching the State Human Rights Commission in this regard,\" Dr Yadav said.The junior doctors went on strike from Wednesday night following a pitched battle between them and the attendants of a patient who died while undergoing treatment at the paediatric ward of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160274", "title": "Committee to look into BMC schools\u2019 closure", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to look into why civic schools are being shut down and handed over to private agencies.Nitin Wadhwani, co-ordinator of Mumbai for Child Rights, an arm of Child Rights and You, which is monitoring civic schools in Mumbai, said nearly 29 schools have shut down claiming lack of enrollment. \"BMC is yet to formally declare them as closed and quite a few are from south Mumbai,\" he said. The committee comprising the state education minister, seven MLAs and education officers will submit its report within two months. Education minister Rajendra Darda had given an assurance during the budget session to the state legislative assembly that a committee would be constituted to ascertain reasons for closure of civic schools.The committee will suggest ways to prevent schools being handed over for commercial purposes and lay down rules for private agencies to run schools on civic premises.Last year, the BMC within 48 hours of obtaining possession of a new school in Chandivli had rented out the premises to Pawar Public School, a private ICSE school. NCP MP Supriya Sule is a member of the trust that runs the school.There are over 1,100 civic schools in Mumbai. With a budget of Rs 2,342 crore, the civic body will be spending Rs 52,044 per child\u2014 which is equivalent to fees charged in a number of private schools with ICSE and CBSE curricula. Besides this, it also receives funds under the Centre's Sarva Shikshan Abhiyan. There are approximately 4.5 lakh students studying in BMC schools and their numbers are rapidly falling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad (maharashtra)", "code": "14174212", "title": "Texbooks worth Rs 250 cr being distributed to students: Dardai", "text": "AURANGABAD (MAHARASHTRA): Maharashtra School Education Minister Rajendra Darda on Friday said that text-books worth Rs 250 crore are being distributed to 1.22 crore school students by the state government.Students studying in class I to VIII are being given the textbooks, the minister added.He was speaking at a programme held at a primary school in Satara.\"Text-books and self-study books worth Rs 250 crore are being distributed to 1.22 crore school children in the state. The distribution has been taken up across the state simultaneously,\" Darda said.According to Darda, Maharashtra government had signed an agreement with the British Council to implement 'English Language Initiative for Primary Schools' (ELIPS), which aims at enhancing the English teaching skills of teachers in government-run primary schools.As per the agreement, the two-year programme will provide face-to-face training to 920 master trainers, who will impart the training to over 67,000 primary school teachers, a teacher per school, Darda said.The objective is to improve the quality of English teaching in the lower primary classrooms.The agreement was signed last week by Rob Lynes, director (India), British Council, and Sanjay Deshmukh, state project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14182104", "title": "Ahmedabad police curbs liquor business in walled city ahead of Rath Yatra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police have started crackdown on the crime in walled city and Rath Yatra routes ahead of the big festival to avert any untoward incident. City police on Thursday arrested four from Khadia and Naroda with IMFL worth Rs 5.5 lakh in two raids.According to city police officials, the Khadia police got a tip-off that two bootleggers were going to supply Indian made foreign liquor business (IMFL) to a trader in Dolatkhana.A team kept a watch near the residence and spotted a black SUV. The driver tried to flee from the spot after seeing the policemen but a police vehicle chased them and caught them.Police found IMFL stock worth Rs 4.5 lakh and arrested Rakesh Rathod and Dilip Rathod.In another incident, police arrested Raman Dantani and his accomplice from Naroda. Investigators said that Dantani, a bootlegger based in Thakkarnagar, had kept his stock at an empty house.Police cracked down after receiving the information and arrested the accused.Since beginning of the month, the city police have registered 12 cases of violation of prohibition rules and have seized stock worth Rs 19 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14164195", "title": "Mr vice-chancellor, we're with you, say 5 syndicate members", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore University vice-chancellor has got a breather, with five syndicate members coming out in his support at a press conference on Friday. \"Mr vice-chancellor, we are with you. Do not resign for the sake of a section of syndicate members. Let the university progress further under your leadership,\" said the five members.\"Our aim is clarify that we are not part of the agitation. We want a university without strikes. We would like to request other members to allow the VC to function for six months,\" said BP Madhumati, a syndicate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159496", "title": "Thieves in net, hunt begins for victims!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The tables have been turned. Now, cops are hunting for complainants after nabbing thieves. The crime branch officials have nabbed six burglars in the past two months who have confessed to thefts that have not yet been reported to the city police. Police are now in a quandary about what to do with the burglars and the valuables seized from them.Himanshu Shukla, deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, said, \"Such instances of thefts not being reported are mostly found in cases where the amount of theft is quite small. The victims say that they have not filed a complaint because they do not want to waste two to three years in pursuing the case with police investigations and court procedure.\"Recently, the crime branch caught a thief and recovered an LCD TV from him. When the cops took him to the residence of the victim - a trader - he told cops that before his house was burgled a theft took place at his neighbour's house where he had become a witness. \"Just for signing as a witness he had to pay three visits to the court for hearing. He then decided not to file a complaint in his case of theft. He has already bought another TV and does not want the stolen TV anymore,\" said crime branch officials.In another case, crime branch had arrested Jitu Datania, 32 and Gopal Datania, 19, and recovered two 32-inch LCD TVs from their shanties at Khanpur.\"They confessed to have stolen the electronic items from a house in Ellisbridge. When we took the thieves to the Ellisbridge house, we found out that the victim had not registered a police complaint. When we asked him to register a complaint, he was not prepared to do so because it might attract the attention of the income tax department,\" said a police investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164492", "title": "Six-lane elevated road back on track", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Public Works Department (PWD) has revived a project to construct a 16.1 km six-lane elevated corridor over the Najafgarh drain, connecting Meera Bagh to Wazirabad over the Outer Ring Road. The project, with a tentative cost of about Rs 2,000 crore, will be similar to the Barapullah elevated corridor project.\"We had proposed the project before in 2007 and even appointed consultants to conduct a feasibility study for it. The study was submitted to UTTIPEC in July 2009 but the proposal was later dropped by the agency. Now, PWD has revived the project and the detailed project plan has been sent to the Delhi Government,\" said a PWD official.Currently, the distance from Outer Ring Road at Meera Bagh to Wazirabad on Outer Ring Road is approximately 24 km. The proposed corridor along Najafgarh drain between these two points is approximately 16.1 km, thereby saving a distance of over 7 km, said an official.The proposed corridor will cross seven master plan roads, five other roads, two railway tracks and two metro corridors. Each carriageway on the proposed road will be 11 metres.\"The proposed corridor will be an important link to west and east Delhi and will reduce traffic congestion within the city by offering an alternate transport route connecting the periphery of the city,\" added the official.The corridor is expected to provide linkage to ring roads via radial arterial roads, other important roads and national highways because of its geographical location, said a source. The proposed road will also connect important nodes of the city \u2014 North Campus (Delhi University Campus), east Delhi (through Wazirabad Bridge) \u2014 with west Delhi.The feasibility study of the corridor had been conducted by the same consultants who had conducted the feasibility study for the Barapullah corridor. A copy of the proposal had been sent to the traffic police, the irrigation &amp; flood department and DIMTS for the comments in August 2009.At the request of Delhi University, the feasibility consultants were asked to conduct an additional study to integrate Delhi University traffic with the proposed elevated corridor. But as the issue of extra fee for the additional work could not be settled, the consultants were unable to conduct the integration study and the entire project was eventually dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14166983", "title": "Elderly mother files plaint with MPHRC against her IAS son", "text": "BHOPAL: An octogenarian woman has approached the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) for not getting maintenance from her IAS son on Friday.Dewka Bai, the mother of IAS, GP Kabir Panthi has also levelled charges of mental torture against her son and pleaded justice from the MPHRC.The old aged woman filed the plea with her grandson, Kumar Sambhav Kabir Panthi, who too has been abandoned by his father, GP Kabir Panthi, who has recently been transferred as a collector.The complaint, a copy of which is with the TOI, stated that woman and her grandson had approached the police in the past, but the officer allegedly used his clout to prevent the police from taking action against him.However, the MPHRC has taken cognizance on the issue and asked for a report from the principal secretary, (GAD) and the director general of police for taking no action against Panthi despite his son and mother filing a complaint against him.MP Human Rights Commission spokesman Rohit Mehta said, \"We have called a report from the GAD since the charges levelled against Panthi suggest that he did not follow the civil services conduct .Similarly, a report has been sought from the DGP regarding police inaction against him\".Kabir Panthi's mother, her grandson and his wife were abandoned from the house around a year and half back. Kumar Sambhav Kabir Panthi has also alleged that his father and other family members are responsible for breaking his first marriage.And now when he got married to another woman, the family is pressuring his wife to get Rs 12 lakh dowry, the amount family paid as alimony to his first wife, alleged Kumar Sambahv.Repeated efforts to contact Kabir Panthi on phone and SMS for his comment on the issue proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14181027", "title": "Pune civic body to submit demands to state finance commission", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will submit a list of various demands to the state finance commission for getting more funds from the state government for its developmental projects. A senior civic official said that they had identified five areas where they need assistance from the state government.Elaborating he said, \"The civic body appoints contractors for executing various developmental projects after completing the bidding process. It pays these contractors after completing the projects after deducting sales tax, value added tax (VAT) and service tax from this payment. The civic body will demand a share of the tax payments from the state government.\"\"The civic body has to pay 12.5% VAT on the appointment of contractors for the execution of developmental projects. We will demand that either the state government exempt the civic body from paying VAT or give some concession in payment as it works for providing services to the citizens,\" he said.\"The civic body provides health care facilities to the residents of municipal limits as well as those from the district and state at affordable rates. The state government should bear 50% of the expenditure made by the civic body on all the patients treated at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial (YCM) hospital as in many cities there are government hospitals which give medical care to the people but there is no government hospital in the PCMC limits and the civic body has to bear the entire burden,\" the official maintained.He said that the civic body had started the work on the project of laying water pipeline from Pavana dam to water treatment plants in Nigdi to bring the dam waters directly for treatment at a cost of around Rs 500 crore. The work has been stalled after the directives of the state government in the aftermath of the Maval police firing incident.The water brought through this pipeline will benefit the residents of the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) areas so the state government should direct these bodies to bear some share of the pipeline project, he said.Meanwhile Shrikar Pardeshi, municipal commissioner, said that J P Dange, chairman, fourth state finance commission visited the PCMC main office building in Pimpri and has sought a report from the civic body in this regard.The report will be sent soon, Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167173", "title": "BJP pips Congress in Maheshwar by-poll", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major blow to the Congress, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday wrested the Maheshwar (SC) assembly seat from it when its candidate Raj Kumar Mev won the by-election by an impressive margin of 31,766 votes.Mev polled 85,037 votes as against 53,271 votes secured by Congress nominee Devendra Sadho and won the seat for the BJP. In the 2008 assembly elections, Mev had lost the elections to Dr Vijay Laxmi Sadho of Congress by a slender margin.By-election for Maheshwar (SC) seat was necessitated after Dr Vijaylaxmi Sadho resigned from the membership of the state legislative assembly following her election to the Rajya Sabha in 2010.The humiliating defeat of the Congress is being seen as a severe blow in its traditional stronghold, which is in the process of gearing up for the next year's assembly poll to prevent the BJP from scoring a hat-trick in the elections. The faction-ridden Congress apparently failed to impress the electorate by fielding Devendra Sadho, a member of the Sadho family. The Sadhos have been winning Maheshwar (SC) for the last several years.Sitaram Sadho had represented this constituency for many years and later his daughter Vijaylaxmi Sadho had won the election on the Congress ticket. After she quit the seat for moving to the RS, the Congress preferred to nominate her brother Devendra Sadho in the by-election.Ever since coming to power in 2008, the BJP had humbled the Congress in all the five by-elections. The ruling party nominees had won Kukshi, Sonkatch, Tendukheda and Jabera in the past and has now wrested the Maheshwar seat from the Congress.\"It's a writing on the wall for the Congress as to what is in store for them in the 2013 assembly elections\", commented state BJP president Prabhat Jha while reacting to the party candidate's victory in the by-poll.However, state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria said he felt that it was the victory of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government as everyone knew how it abused the government machinery in favour of its candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "tilkadi, baghmundi (purulia)", "code": "14166357", "title": "She is my daughter, not son: Pinki's mother", "text": "TILKADI, BAGHMUNDI (Purulia): \"I gave birth to her. Who else can vouch as convincingly as me that she is a girl,\" said Pinki's mother Pushpa Pramanik on Friday. According to Pushpa, Pinki is \"100 per cent\" girl. \"We have never seen any trait of a boy in her.\"In this remote village on the Bengal-Jharkhand border, there is disbelief and shock over the rape charges. \"She is the most decent girl in our village. How can she rape another girl?\" asked neighbour Mahamaya Ghosh. The villagers are convinced that Pinki has been implicated.\"She was obsessed with sports since her childhood. She would play all day. Yes, she was a bit tomboyish and would often wear boy's clothes which she said helped her play well,\" said her father Durga Charan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14179237", "title": "Two chain-snatchings in western suburbs in 48 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: A 52-year-old housewife was robbed of her gold chain while she was waiting at a bus-stop in Andheri East on Thursday night. Police said the accused had been standing next to the woman at the bus-stop for sometime. No arrests have been made yet.Rohini Varkar, the complainant, is a resident of Gundavali in Andheri East. She was waiting for a bus to arrive at a bus-stop near Bahar Cinema junction on the north-bound stretch. Around 10.45 pm, the accused, who had been standing next to her, suddenly snatched her 20 gm gold chain and ran. His associate was waiting some distance away on a bike. The accused joined him and the duo fled, before Varkar could raise an alarm. Varkar later registered a complaint with the Andheri police. Her stolen chain is worth Rs 55000.In a separate incident at Malad West, two men snatched a mangalsutra and a gold chain from a 31-year-old housewife. The incident took place at Evershine Nagar opposite Ryan International school at 9 am on Friday. Mamta Posa, the complainant, was going to drop her son to school and the duo was on foot. The two accused came up near her on a motorcycle, snatched her valuables and fled. The mangalsutra and chain were collectively worth Rs 1.6 lakh. Posa later registered a complaint with the Bangur Nagar police. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158294", "title": "Police commissioner Arup Patnaik to push for dismissal of Palande\u2019s cop relative", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the director general of police (DIG) rejected the Mumbai police's proposal to dismiss inspector Sanjay Shinde (who allegedly helped multiple murder accused Vijay Palande), Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik said he will add fresh points against the policeman and re-send the file seeking his ouster from the force.Shinde, who is a distant relative of Palande, is accused of helping the alleged serial killer escape from police custody on April 10 as well as trying to influence the probe against the latter. DIG K Subramanyam had rejected the proposal to dismiss Shinde saying it would not stand legal scrutiny and recommended departmental enquiry instead.\"This is a case fit for dismissal,\" Patnaik told TOI. \"The file has not yet come to me. Once I receive the file, I will study the DIG's remarks and go through the proposal once again. I will try to add fresh points against Shinde to push for his dismissal under Article 311 of the Constitution.\"A policeman can be dismissed under Article 311 if he is found to be involved in anti-national activities such as helping the underworld or passing on crucial informational to foreign agencies. Sources said Patnaik will now seek Shinde's dismissal by pointing out that he violated the Constitution by abusing his powers as an officer of the law to help and shield an alleged serial murderer.In the last one decade, eight policemen have been dismissed from service because of their underworld connections (anti-national activities). \"None of them has been able to challenge the dismissal,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177206", "title": "Devudu Chesina Manushulu release on July 13", "text": "The release date of Mass Maharaj Ravi Teja's forthcoming film \" Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" has been fixed on July 13. While the audio launch of the film is to be held at Shilpa Kala Vedika on June 22, the makers are planning for a wide release on July 13.Ravi Teja , who has already experienced couple of failures this year (Nippu and Daruvu), is now looking to consolidate his position with this masala flick. The film is also a litmus test for Goan beauty Illeana as has been pipped by the starry dominance of her rivals Samantha and Kajal Agarwal.\"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" has recently wrapped up the shooting and is currently in post-production stage. The film is produced by BVSN Prasad under Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra banner along with Reliance Entertainment. Raghu Kunche is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158199", "title": "HC goes hi-tech, installs 35 LCD screens", "text": "NAGPUR: Next time you visit the Bombay High Court and its benches in Nagpur and Aurangabad, don't get surprised if you see big LCD screens on the premises. These were installed to provide ultra-modern electronic case display system to lawyers and litigants. Many high courts across the country, including Madhya Pradesh's principal bench at Jabalpur and in Karnataka, already have this facility. One LCD screen is being installed at Nagpur District and Sessions Court on the third floor and another one is in the pipeline. TOI on February 1 had first reported about judiciary's move to install these screens citing chief justice Mohit Shah.Lawyers and litigants will have an advantage as screens are being set up inside the courtrooms. This will help them see the status of cases in other courts. It will also help in allaying lawyers' fears of getting their cases dismissed if they skip the hearings.According to High Court Bar Association (HCBA) president Anil Mardikar, who had taken initiative for this purpose, the screens were installed during summer vacations as per CJ's directives. \"Presently, testing is underway where we faced problems in adjusting the font size. They will probably start functioning from next week,\" he told TOI.He said that initially the LCD screens would replace the existing electronic boards for case display system and in future it would display information, including that of court, serial and writ petition numbers along with case, party details and its stage. \"These 35 screens would function like those installed at the airports,\" he said.Justice Shah had made an announcement in this regard on February 6, 2010 during HCBA's platinum jubilee celebrations in the city. He then gave orders during his recent visit to the city in connection with sesquicentennial celebrations of the Bombay High Court's establishment.HCBA had filed a writ petition through its secretary Abhay Sambre where installation of ultra-modern LCD display screens was one of their demands. The petition contended that the existing ones had become obsolete and outdated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14160149", "title": "Witness to historic moments", "text": "GAYA: With the state government releasing Rs 84 crore for payment of salary to nearly 5,000 teaching and non-teaching employees of Magadh University (MU), the long wait for salary is finally over.The government on Thursday released the salary grant after a gap of over three months for the teaching and non-teaching employees of the university headquarters, post-graduate departments, 36 old constituent colleges, three deficit grant minority colleges and eight other colleges converted into constituent units during the fourth phase of conversion. The last salary received by the university employees was for the month of February, a big part of which went into income-tax clearance. The delay in salary payment caused immense harassment to the employees, particularly those whose wards are studying outside the state.MU registrar DK Yadav said the salary grant was likely to be credited to the university account in a couple of days. \"From the university account, the grants will be electronically transferred to the accounts of the respective institutions. It may take about a week before the employees get their salary in their respective bank accounts,\" said the registrar.To make things easy for the university, the government has separately earmarked the amount payable to each of the institutions along with details regarding the number of sanctioned posts, the actual working strength and the number of employees eligible to receive salary from the public expenditure. Separate provisions have been made for the teaching, non-teaching employees and re-designated demonstrators.Meanwhile, uncertainty continues to grip the fate of nearly 35 teachers, 500 non-teaching employees and 207 demonstrators, whom the government last year ticked off from its payment register. In the financial year 2011-12, as against 1,763 working teachers, government released salary for 1,728 teachers only. Similarly, whereas the number of working non-teaching employees, as per government records was 3,088, salary was released for only 2,565 employees, thereby leaving the remaining 523 non-teaching employees in the lurch. In the case of demonstrators, the government released a salary grant for 101 demonstrators against a working strength of 308.Asked about the fate of such employees who were declared ineligible for salary payment on the ground of non-sanctioned nature of post held by them in the financial year 2011-12, the MU registrar hoped that such employees will be adjusted against vacant posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14177727", "title": "Powerful bomb blast in crowded market kills 14 in northwest Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A powerful explosion ripped through a crowded market in the restive Khyber tribal region of northwest Pakistan on Saturday, killing at least 14 people and injuring over 20 others, officials said.The blast occurred in a market in Landi Kotal town of Khyber Agency.Ten people were killed instantly while four more succumbed to their injuries in hospital, officials were quoted as saying by TV news channels. A child was among the dead.Those with serious injuries were shifted to hospitals in Peshawar , the capital of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.Several shops were destroyed by the blast. Gas cylinders stored in a shop blew up, triggering a fire. The nature of the explosion could not be ascertained immediately.According to a media report, the bomb was planted in a pick-up truck. Police and security forces cordoned off the site and launched a search operation.No group claimed responsibility for the attack. The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan and the Lashkar-e-Islam are active in Khyber Agency.In a separate development, the bomb disposal squad foiled a terrorist attack by defusing a bomb at Kohat Road in Peshawar. The bomb was hidden in a pressure cooker that was left on the roadside, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14166552", "title": "US man gets plague while saving mouse", "text": "A man is critically ill in a hospital in Oregon , suspected of having plague , the disease that caused the Black Death , which wiped out 25 million in 14th-century Europe .The unidentified man, who is in his 50s,was reported to have been bitten on the hand while trying to save a mouse caught by a stray cat . He fell ill with a fever several days later and was admitted to hospital where doctors said he had classic symptoms of the disease . Laboratory tests are being carried out.The man initially showed the classic signs of bubonic plague - swollen lymph nodes (' buboes') in the groin and armpits . But according to doctors , he subsequently developed symptoms of septicaemic plague , resulting in abdominal pain and bleeding . It is unclear if it was the cat or the mouse that bit him but the bacterium that causes plague is known to be carried by rodents , cats and other carnivores and passed on to humans via fleas that feed on the infected animal .Jeremy Laurence (THE INDEPENDENT)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174791", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s new movie rolls out", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's new movie \" Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" has begun its regular shooting yesterday (June 15). Director Puri Jagannadh has filmed few scenes on Pawan Kalyan and Tamanna at Sarathi Studios in Hyderabad.The director said that Pawan was looking very energetic and is looking forward to the film. Wrote Puri Jagannath, \"Today CGR started. PK is in full mood. Darling Prakash Raj is playing the villain role\" (sic).Puri Jagannadh made his debut with Badri (2000) starring Pawan Kalyan and again after 12 years, the dynamic director has got the chance to work with power star. The actor is playing the role of a journalist in the film, which is a political satire and Tamannah is the heroine. Prakash Raj is the villain. Puri has already announced that \"Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" release date would be October 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167363", "title": "Worried over weight, lecturer hangs self", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old woman lecturer with a leading engineering college in the city has committed suicide, depressed over her inability to lose weight. She resorted to this extreme step after several efforts to lose weight proved in vain.The deceased has been identified as S Karthika of Annapoorna layout in New Siddhapudur, a lecturer with Karpagam Engineering College. According to police, she committed suicide by hanging at her house two days ago. Relatives were able to ascertain the reason for suicide from a note she left behind.Her mother, A Saraswathi (44) told police that her daughter often skipped breakfast and dinner, eating a bare minimum for lunch. She avoided junk food, especially those that were oily. Karthika also exercised regularly. But despite all her efforts, she could not lose weight.After completing her Master's degree in engineering, she began working as a lecturer in Karpagam Engineering College. She lived with her mother who had separated from her husband Selvaraj. On June 13 Karthika did not go to work, telling her mother that the college was closed.Around 3.30 pm, Saraswathi had gone to the bank to open an account. While she was at the bank, her neighbour Abitha informed her over phone that Karthika's friends had come to visit but found the house locked from the inside. They hollered for her but she did not open the door. When Saraswathi called home, Karthika did not pick up the phone. Worried, she asked Abitha to forcibly open the door. When the neighbours eventually entered the house, they found Karthika hanging. She was rushed to the hospital where she was declared bought dead.Saraswathi told the police that her daughter used to go to the college at 7.30 am and return home at 6.30 pm. She did not like her appearance and tried her best to lose weight.Race course police have registered a case under section 174 CrPC and an investigation is on. The police have recovered a suicide note from the house which stated that no one was responsible for her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14165773", "title": "Pre-school a launch pad for children with hearing impairment", "text": "MYSORE: Six-year-old Vydehi stood first in I Std CBSE annual examination, making her parents proud. Three years ago, the same parents were anxious about their daughter's future as she suffered from hearing impairment. After completing the pre-school training at All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH), Vydehi joined mainstream school like any other normal kid.AIISH's pre-school training comes under the department of special education. Pre-school service is given to children with communication disorders in various durations, ranging from two-and-half years to six years. Pre-school training is a three-year course for children with hearing impairment, mentally challenged children, autism and have multiple category disorder.Pre-school training for special children, started in 2003, is being imparted among 350 children. The training focusses on developing pre-requisite skills for academic success in subsequent years.Children are divided into groups who attend classes either in the forenoon session or afternoon session, and the teacher-children ratio is 1:5. Children are taught four skills - pre-academics, pre-writing, arithmetic and stories and rhymes. Children with hearing impairment are taught cognitive skills like solving puzzles to enhance their reasoning power. While mentally challenged, autistic and children under multiple categories are trained with self-help skills like tying shoelace, wearing dress, sitting on a chair for long hours and the like. There is a Libotoy facility where books and toys are kept for special children which can be borrowed.K S Prema, HoD of special education, said: \"The idea behind pre-school training is to enable special get into normal society and should not be alienated.\" One of the parents must compulsory accompany the child and learn with the kid, she adds. Children are taught either in one of these six languages: English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu and Malyalam, said Vijetha P, lecturer in department of special education.Children with communication disorders, as young as two years, are also being trained in Parent Infant Programme. Pre-school bridge school is provided to children identified late with communication disorder and also to those who, in spite of being trained for three years in pre-school, progress slowly and need additional training.In 2010-11, around 67 children graduated from pre-school. About 70% of children of them joined mainstream schools, while 30% were referred to special schools. In 2011-12, around 54 children graduated, and 89% joined mainstream schools, and 11% joined special school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14148754", "title": "Neil Nitin Mukesh mobbed by fans", "text": "Neil Nitin Mukesh has a huge fan following in Fiji too. That was proved while he was shooting in the scenic islands for his forthcoming film 3G. Neil Nitin was taken by surprise when the locals mobbed him while he was shooting a scene there.Over 500 excited Fiji locals, surrounded the actor while shooting on the streets of Suva, so much so that the situation got out of hand and additional security had to be called to control the mob. Luckily, the actor took it in his stride and obliged fans with pictures and autographs much to their delight. Confirms producer Viki Rajani, Eros International, \"There was a lot of anticipation among the locals as not too many films are shot here. Also, they were very enthusiastic and could not contain their excitement of seeing the actors on the local streets. Much later, they co-operated when Neil gave them autographs and clicked pictures with them.\"If that wasn't all ,the actor has everyone impressed with his professional dedication and has been working on 16-hour shifts to ensure that the film is wrapped in its scheduled time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14182087", "title": "Godhra gets new consumer court building", "text": "VADODARA: A modern district consumer disputes redressal forum for Panchmahal district was inaugurated on the Bamroli Road in Godhra on Saturday. The new building will have facilities beyond merely rooms to hold hearings and offices for the staff working at the forum.The new building was inaugurated by the social justice and empowerment minister Fakir Waghela. He said that the awareness on consumer issues was increasing in the state and the new premises would ensure speedy disposal of the disputes. Roads and buildings minister Jaydrathsinh Parmar said that the forums in all district headquarters now have new buildings.Chairman of the Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission justice R P Dholakiya said that in six districts of the state all cases relating to consumer disputes had been disposed off. He added that in the system was now trying to ensure that a case is disposed within the year it is filed. Dholakiya said that in this year itself the forums were trying to ensure that all the cases that are filed are disposed.The new building for the forum has been called the 'Grahak Suraksha Bhavan'. Besides rooms for hearing and administrative staff, it also had a record room, a computer room, a waiting room and even a library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14167146", "title": "Chouhan goes on fast over hike in price of fertilizer", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan started a 24-hour hunger protest here on Friday morning against the steep and unprecedented price rise of fertilizers, demanding formation of a task force with chief ministers to control the sudden surge in prices.He also demanded immediate modification of its current subsidy policy on fertilizers. While the state BJP president Prabhat Jha and chief minister sat in protest in the state capital, ministers along with four lakh agricultural growers hit the district headquarters to demonstrate in the rural areas for what the ruling BJP described to protect the interests of farmers.The message of the protest was clear. The ruling BJP which has been in power in the state since December 2003, will go back to the villages and raise issues to woo the 66% agrarian population before 2013 assembly polls. Shivraj Singh Chouhan won 2008 elections playing-up his own farmer background and \"son of an agricul- turist'' card.After Madhya Pradesh came close to Haryana, the second largest wheat producer, with bumper crop this year, the BJP on Friday proclaimed Chouhan a national farmer leader. Chouhan told TOI \"With such steep escalation of prices, the farmer will either not use fertilizers bringing down productivity or he will take more loans from co-operatives, banks and moneylenders and himselves burdened with debt. In any case it adversely affects our agrarian economy and food production.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "14169033", "title": "Rural housewives top PCS exam", "text": "MUKTSAR: Daughters-in-law of Muktsar district have proved their mettle in the PCS examination held by Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC) recently. While Amaninder Kaur topped the test in general category, another Muktsar women, Mandeep Kaur, also topped it in the backward class (BC) category.The similarities between both the toppers are that they are housewives and from rural background. On one side the topper Amaninder Kaur Brar is from village Bhagsar, while Mandeep Kaur is from village Harike Kalan of Muktsar district.The topper Dr Mandeep Kaur got 631 marks out of 1000 in PCS examination.The topper in state in BC category Dr Mandeep Kaur told that \"I was very confident that she would clear the exam definitely. My father advocate Harvinder Singh Kamboj and my husband Pritpal Sharma are inspiration of me and my entire family is very supportive to me.\"Gold medalist in MSc Zoology and PhD in Zoology from the Punjabi University, Patiala told that \"She had decided after completing her PhD she plans to clear the civil services examination. This is her first attempt and she had cleared. I was very happy that I got first rank in the state.\"\"This is due to only hard work. When I was baking chapattis, I have book in my other hand and finally got success. With the work at home I was regularly preparing for my examination,\" She added.\"This is the time of women empowerment. It is a very happy moment that Dr Mandeep Kaur has also topped in Punjab. the bigger moment for happiness is that we both are from Muktsar.\" said Amaninder Kaur Brar, topper of PCS in state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14170105", "title": "Hatia rejects national parties", "text": "RANCHI: The regional parties are emerging stronger at least in states like Uttar Pradesh or West Bengal and the result of the Hatia assembly bypoll has proved this in Jharkhand as well.The voters of Hatia not only elected Naveen Jaiswal, the candidate of regional outfit Ajsu Party, but also rejected the two national parties.The electorate of Hatia, which has been electing a candidate of a national party right from the time the constituency was carved in 1970s, opted for a change for the first time.Ajsu Party president Sudesh Kumar Mahato, who is also the deputy chief minister, said the rejection of national party was an indicator of growing faith on regional parties which is closer to their heart. \"Being a regional party, we are close to the people and work for their welfare. On the other hand, national parties tend to take them for granted. When the voters get an option, they immediately go for a regional party as it has happened in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , West Bengal,\" said Mahato.To buttress his argument, Mahato cited the sweeping victory of Jagan Mohan Reddy's the YSR Congress that swept the Andhra Pradesh bypolls on Friday, winning 15 of the 18 Assembly seats and grabbing the Nellore Lok Sabha seat. \"The result has proved that people of Jharkhand want to have a representative who has zeal to develop the region,\" said Mahato.Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik candidate Ajay Nath Shahdeo, who was the runners-up, said in future election national parties would be wiped out. \"This is just the beginning and in the days to come we will emerge stronger,\" said Shahdeo adding that candidates of national parties are losing almost every year.Admitting the rejection, state president of the BJP Dineshanand Goswami said electorate of Hatia had decided to vote in favour of a regional party. \"It is unfortunate that the two national parties were rejected but we are sure that in the next election we will make a come back,\" said Goswami.State Congress spokesperson Sailesh Sinha, too, admitted that they had failed to retain the seat because of some shortcomings on part of the party. \"Being a national party, we did focus more on issues of national importance but never ignored local issues. We always stood for local issues be it anti-encroachment drive of the state government or problem of potable water,\" said Sinha.\"Till the time the party reviews the reason behind the defeat, it will not be correct to say that national party was rejected,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14162012", "title": "Laptop thieves nabbed from Mumbai", "text": "NASHIK: A gang of a dozen burglars have been picked up by the Mumbai crime branch based on information by the Nashik police in connection with the break-in at the Dell Computers showroom in Nashik two weeks ago.As many as 12 laptops collectively worth Rs 7 lakh were stolen by unidentified burglars from Dell Computers located in the Canada Corner in the wee hours of June 1. the incident came to light only after the owner of the showroom opened it the next morning. A complaint in this regard was lodged at the Sarkarwada police station. The city police realized that cracking such theft cases had become a challenge for them ever since the first such incident of laptop theft on May 1. Despite a couple being spotted in the footage captured by the closed circuit television camera, the police were not able to reach the culprits.However, after Thursday's incident, the police had managed to get a clue about the culprits after a search in all the hotels for a group of people from Champaran, Bihar who had come to the city. Cops found out that while on the first day they left the hotel early in the morning saying that they were going to Trimabakeshwar, on the next day they left the hotel early on the pretext of taking a holy dip in the Godavari river.The police assumed that on both the occasions their plan was to give effect to a break-in. While they might have failed in their first bid, they managed to break open the computer showroom on the next day and left the city immediately after that. After receiving information from one of the hotels at Shalimar, where the culprits had produced their identity proof, the police traced them to Champaran in Bihar.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal then sought intelligence inputs from the Bihar police, where the miscreants were known as 'shutter-tod' gang. Cops found out that the gang operates across the country. Though a team from of the city police had left for Champaran, the gang members could not be found and their location was finally traced to Mumbai.Subsequently, the information was passed to the Mumbai crime branch, who then reportedly arrested the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14174332", "title": "42 lakh SC students to benefit from pre-matric scholarship", "text": "NAGPUR: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs has approved the proposal of Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment headed by Mukul Wasnik, to introduce a new centrally sponsored scheme of Pre-Matric Scholarship Scheme for students belonging to Scheduled Castes in class nine and ten with effect from July 1 this year.The scheme is expected to benefit about 42 lakh SC students. The overall literacy rate, as per 2001 census, is 64.8 per cent and for the Scheduled Caste it is 54.7 per cent.The overall drop-out rate, for students from I-X grade is 55.8 per cent and for SC students, it is 66.6 percent.The main objective of this scheme is to support parents of SC children for education of their wards studying in classes IX and X so that the incidence of drop-outs, especially in the transition from the elementary to the secondary stage is minimised.The Scholarship under the scheme will be available for studies in India only and will be awarded through the government of the State/Union Territory to which the applicant belongs.Wasnik, who was instrumental in getting this new scheme approved, has said that this is another remarkable initiative of the Central government, which will help around 42 lakhs SC students.For being eligible under this scheme, the student should belong to Scheduled Caste and her/his Parent/Guardian's income should not exceed Rs 2 lakh per annum.She/he should not be getting any other Centrally-funded Pre-Matric Scholarship. The beneficiary should be a regular, full time student studying in a government school or in a school recognised by governement or Central/State Board of Secondary Education.The value of scholarship includes the following for the duration of the course: For day scholars, the scholarship will be Rs 150 per month and for hostellers it will be Rs 350 per month besides books and an adhoc grant of Rs 750 and Rs 1000 respectively, a release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160601", "title": "Allotment for IIT-JEE delayed", "text": "MUMBAI: The first round of allotment for IIT-JEE will be delayed by at least two days this year. The allotment of courses and institutes that was to be announced on June 14 might be pushed to June 16. The IITs, though, are yet to issue a fresh schedule of the process. If this delay is likely to have a cascading effect on the next step in the process, students will receive an intimation on Saturday.According to sources from IIT-JEE office, the delay was caused due to some software issues faced by organizers. \"There are 17,000-odd students whose allotment had to be done using a software. There were minor problems, but now the software bug has been cleared. By Saturday, we should be able to put up the list of allotments on the website,\" said the official. Students will get a fresh schedule or instructions on following the old schedule on Saturday.IIT-JEE, Delhi, chairman G B Reddy remained unavailable for comments.Students, meanwhile, just want the process to get over as quickly as possible. \"If we have an idea of the seats we are to be allotted in the IITs soon, we can plan our next move and make an informed choice,\" said PratiK Fegade, one of the aspirants. \"I have opted for six choices, four in IIT-Bombay and the other two in Delhi, as I am confident of securing a seat in the computer science branch at IIT-B.According to the earlier schedule, the first course allotment was on June 14, followed by the second one on June 25, and the last one on July 6. This year, around 1,200 candidates have chosen to opt out of the online counselling process, from 17,464 shortlisted candidates. Online counselling closed on June 10 and was done in three stages \u2014 registration, submission of photocopies of documents and choice filling. Students can choose as many options as possible, in a descending order of preference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14166138", "title": "18 nodal officers for flood control &amp; rehabilitation appointed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for irrigation and PWD Shivpal Yadav on Friday said district-wise master plans, depending on the region's flood control and rehabilitation needs, should be made with immediate effect. Yadav also ordered the appointment of 18 nodal officers and 71 flood coordination officers at district levels within one week. Holding a review meeting on the state's flood preparedness, Yadav said 45 flood control centres have already been established in UP ahead of the monsoon season. To combat the damage done by the floods, he also said that 71 new motorboats will be supplied to the police department for relief operations. Accusing the Mayawati regime of having spent Rs 1,880 crore in the name of flood control and rehabilitation without benefitting the state, Yadav also said the Centre would extend monetary support of upto Rs 2000 crore towards flood relief to Uttar Pradesh. Also participating in the review meeting, vice-chairman of the state planning commission, NC Bajpai said issues of flood control and rehabilitation and cooperation in this regard with the Nepal government will be taken up by CM Akhilesh Yadav when he attends a meeting of the Planning Commission in Delhi soon.Principal secretary irrigation, Deepak Singhal, also attending the meeting, said 73.36 lakh hectares of land was ravaged by floods in 48 flood affected districts of UP. At least 68 lakh hectares of land, Singhal said, can be saved with timely flood control measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14159942", "title": "Delayed monsoon to affect crops in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The delayed onset of southwest monsoon is likely to affect the crops in Kerala. Kerala has received only 15% of the rainfall till June 14, said officials at the Indian meteorology department here. Farmers are anxious that it would lead to another drought in the state, mostly the paddy farmers.\"Predominantly, farmers who have directly sown rice crop in the Kharif season by May 25 expecting rains in June first week will be affected,\" said State Horticulture Mission director Dr K Prathapan.\"Delayed onset of monsoon with scanty rainfall will be a curse for pepper crop as pollination will be affected leading to drastic reduction in pepper production. However, delayed monsoon with scanty rainfall will be advantageous for the summer vegetable crops, rubber plantations and perennial trees,\" he said.With a precarious situation in agriculture, scanty rainfall will deepen the power crisis in the state with hardly any water in the reservoir at the Idukki Hydro Electric Project, said officials at the Kerala State Electricity Board.Agriculture minister K P Mohanan convened a review meet of officials from agriculture department , meteorology department, KCSTE and Hortimission on Thursday to work on ways to mitigate a drought.Meanwhile, director general of meteorology Dr R S Rathore said once the low pressure builds up the monsoon would progress with heavy rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14167975", "title": "Bus services go off roads", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) commissioner Ajay Bhadoo has slapped a notice to city bus service provider VITCOS Transportation Pvt Ltd after it pulled out all its 35 buses from city roads three days ago. RMC had awarded Vitcos the contract to operate bus service in the city in December 2011.\"We have issued a notice to Vitcos and have asked them to respond to it within a week,'' RMC commissioner Ajay Bhadoo said.\"Shortage of manpower is the main problem to run the services. We are not getting foremen to repair the buses on time and as a result we are unable to run it well,'' chairman, Vitcos Transportation, Haresh Dodiya said.\"We are still trying out to work out the solutions to resume the bus services and we are in touch with RMC officials,'' Dodiya added.Rajkot has virtually no public transportation system and common people are left to fend for themselves. People have no options but to travel in chakkdas and rickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163245", "title": "Grace time ticking for unrecognized schools", "text": "HYDERABAD: Parents and students of unrecognized schools in the Old City can heave a sigh of relief, albeit temporarily, as the school education department is likely to allow institutions identified for closure a grace period of up to two months to get their papers in order.Among the 230 unrecognized schools identified for closure this year, close to100 are from the Old City. The drive against unrecognized schools began on June 11. But before it could reach the Old City, department officials decided to tread softly as parents voiced concerns that the action was delayed as schools were set to reopen. District education department officials revealed that it has informally agreed to give schools some more time to get recognitions and other certifications from the government. But they cautioned that this should not be seen as a dilution in the determination of the drive.Maintaining that closing unrecognized schools in the Old City is easier said than done, officials said schools reopen immediately, ften with the support of local leaders either on the same premises or a different one. They also spoke about the risk of students dropping out.Faulting parents for not considering shifting their wards to government schools, an official said, \"Old City's government schools posted a pass percentage of 76 per cent SSC exam this year against 60 per cent of private schools. This speaks volumes of the quality in government schools where teachers are qualified and trained. In many private schools, teachers are matriculate pass and are untrained. So if the private schools, parents should consider admitting their wards in government schools where there is always enough room to accommodate students.\"The official also informed that the education department is contemplating audio awareness campaigns on autorickshaws to help parents and students be better informed.District education officer Subba Reddy told TOI that the department is not softening its stand and that it will keep a watch on schools during the grace period. \"Considering the impact of closure, it was agreed upon to give schools which have been running for more than a year, a chance to get their certificates. We will review the situation every fortnight and if schools are not complying with rules, we will take action. We will certainly ensure their closure,\" he said. So far the department has closed 50 schools in the city this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160169", "title": "Film gets HC shield against piracy", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court passed its first unconditional \"John Doe\" order on Friday for the film Gangs of Wasseypur, directed by Anurag Kashyap. The co-producers of the film, Viacom 18 Motion Pictures, had moved the HC against cable operators, internet service providers and other unknown defendants seeking pre-emptory orders restraining them from pirating the film on any platform.Senior counsel Venkatesh Dhond and Ameet Naik\u2014appearing for the film producers\u2014pointed out to similar orders passed by the Delhi HC for other films to prevent piracyJustice B.R. Gawai passed an ex-parte ad-interim order against all defendants restraining them from distributing copies of the film through any means without a licence from its producer The film cannot be shown through CD, DVD, Cable TV, DTH, Internet, etc without permission. Naik said, \"John Doe order is granted by courts in cases where identity of the person committing breach of rights is unknown but whose activity falls within the scope of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167752", "title": "State to get two national manufacturing zones: CM Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said here on Friday that the state will get two of the seven National Investment and Manufacturing Zones (NIMZ), which are being planned by the central government under the national manufacturing policy.The NIMZ will be greenfield industrial townships, benchmarked with the best manufacturing hubs, for creating world-class urban centres that will also absorb surplus labour by providing them gainful employment.Chavan was speaking at the signing ceremony of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the state government and GE India, a subsidiary of US manufacturing giant GE, for the latter's $200 million manufacturing facility, which is to come up at Chakan Phase-II industrial estate near here.The MoU for the new plant, which is expected to generate employment opportunities for 2,000 people, was signed by state industries secretary Kshatrapati Shivaji and GE India president and CEO John Flannery in the presence of John Rice, vice-chairman, GE Global.\"We are in fierce competition with different states for increasing our share of the manufacturing sector, which employs the second-rung youth beyond the knowledge-driven sectors. The national manufacturing policy has laid specific thrust on establishing world-class manufacturing bases and the state will have two of the seven NIMZ in the country,\" he said. The CM did not specify the proposed locations for these manufacturing zones.Chavan also said that the government will allow conversion of special economic zone (SEZ) lands into industrial parks under the state's new industrial policy, in view of the uncertainty about SEZs following changes in the central government's tax policy. The state's industrial policy is due for renewal after it lapsed in March last year.He pointed out that Maharashtra had acquired a lead status in terms of the number of sanctioned, notified and approved SEZs and 27,000 hectare land was acquired for these projects.\"With a change in the central government's tax policy, many potential investors are not finding it convenient to invest in SEZs, although some of them have continued with their investments in areas like information technology (IT) and IT-enabled services,\" he said.\"The new industrial policy will address the issues faced by those potential investors who are no more excited about the SEZs, by allowing them to convert their SEZ land into industrial parks,\" Chavan said.Referring to the upcoming project at Chakan, Chavan said, \"This will be one of the largest investments by GE in India and, more importantly, it has come in the manufacturing sector as against the IT and ITeS sector where the state has done far better. However, we need to improve our social as well as communication infrastructure and we are now focusing on that.\" He said the state is placed in a relatively comfortable position in terms of energy with many thermal power plants going on stream. \"We will soon take up a very larger coal-based power project though we haven't yet decided whether to develop this project through the central government's ultra mega power project scheme or follow some other model.\"Chavan dismissed suggestions that Maharashtra was lagging behind in terms of industrial growth. \"A lot of misconceptions and misleading assessments prevail about investments coming to Maharashtra. It's nobody's point that all investment coming to India should come to Maharashtra. The question is whose growth rate is the highest and how much investment has come,\" he said.\"As per the last update, 35% of all the foreign direct investment which has come to India has been in Maharashtra. We continue to be the leaders in industrial progress, although we are slow in developing our minor ports,\" he said.\"The industrial policy, which comes out every five years, should have come last year,\" he conceded and said, \"A major focus of the state will now be on the small and medium enterprises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158997", "title": "Bus permits being selectively given: AGPBOA", "text": "PANAJI: The all Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) has accused the transport department of corruption alleging that it was selectively issuing new road permits to buses for consideration even though they have kept new bus permits on hold since 2008.Briefing mediapersons, AGPBOA general secretary Sudip Tamankar said that on June 11, the transport department issued a new bus permit to a bus operating from Sanquelim to Panaji via Amona.Tamankar alleged irregularities by the bus owner and said that \"money has changed hands in obtaining this new permit.\"Tamankar urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to investigate how new bus permits are being selectively issued to buses when a large number of applications for bus permits have been kept in abeyance since the year 2008.He claimed that in 2008, when he and some others had applied for bus permits, a bribe of 80,000 was demanded from him.He refused to pay the bribe and his bus still does not have a permit.But shortly after he unsuccessfully applied for the permit, the transport department issued a permit to a bus on the Calangute route.\"Other private bus owners, agitated at the unfair manner in which they were deprived of bus permits but have not got justice,\" Tamonkar said, adding, \"if the chief minister is serious about his claim that he will have zero tolerance to corruption, then he should investigate the goings-on in the transport department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14180111", "title": "Senior citizens find city cops uncouth", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Close on heels of the custody death of an accused person in Saheed Nagar police station in Bhubaneswar, senior citizens here expressed concern over the unseemly attitude of cops at many police stations. They raised their worry at a meeting with the twin city police commission Sunil Roy on Wednesday evening.The senior citizens proposed to the police commissioner to allow them share the \"May I help you\" desks in police stations with police personnel. \"We do not want money. We just want to assist the police, who man the help desks. Presence of designated community police (civilian) at desks would help visitors feel secured,\" SK Mishra, a senior citizen said. Roy admitted that many police stations still suffer the stigma of being \"rude\" to visitors.\"We accepted the concern of senior citizens in right spirit. Police personnel are being trained to be suave with people. The help desk was an initiative to bridge the gap between police and public,\" Roy said. The senior citizens also demanded better police patrolling in the city. SCSCs were initially opened in ten police stations, five each in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack a few years ago with an objective to provide senior citizens, mostly lone couples a sense of security and confidence and advise them on safety and security measures while staying alone at residence.The cells, which already existed in Chandrasekharpur, Kharavel Nagar, Nayapally, Capital and Saheed Nagar police stations, were recently extended to Badagada, Airfield and Khandagiri police stations. The SCSC scheme has so far registered 307 senior citizens in Bhubaneswar, though nearly one lakh senior citizens stay here, sources said.Going by the norms of the scheme, the SCSC staff will ascertain the physical security aspects of the house of the senior citizens, mostly those who stay alone. They shall render suitable advice to the concerned senior citizen in terms of installing protective grill fencing, door chains, alarm bell and magic eye, sources said. The city witnessed a few incidents of attacks on senior citizens in recent past. While veteran doctor Brahmananda Panda was murdered in July 2010, a 62-year-old woman was killed by her domestic help in Baramunda HIG Colony on February 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14179397", "title": "Railways to construct dormitory at city railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: For the convenience of the commuters the authorities are mulling the idea to construct a dormitory at the city railway station because there is no place where passengers can stay overnight. The divisional railway manager NC Goyal has asked the commercial officers for preparing a proposal that would be forwarded to the Delhi headquarter for the approval. The commuters have been demanding for dormitories at station where they can stay during night time.There are four retiring rooms at the station out of which two are air-conditioned while the other two are simple rooms. On an average the occupancy of these rooms is around 60% for 12 hours but for 24 hours it is only 25%. Being the hub of industry the city is mostly is visited by the industrialist and delegates from other parts of the country and they prefer such place from where they could easily return to their city. But when it comes to see the condition of the retiring rooms there are least facilities for them so they prefer staying at some other place.\"People have several reasons to come to the city and sometimes they have to stay here but there is hardly any place for the same and r etiring roomsare not up to the mark and the authorities have not provided any kind of budget hotel here,\" said Rahul Jain a passenger.\"Ludhiana is A class station and facilities that are required on such category station would be provided. The officials have been told to prepare proposal and we would definitely do something for the same,\" said NC Goyal DRM Ferozepur rail division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164704", "title": "Congress on Pranab Mukherjee consensus hunt, PM to talk to parliamentary leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is a strong possibility that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee may emerge as a presidential nominee enjoying a wide consensus after a bruising battle for nomination as UPA's candidate. Soon after UPA endorsed Mukherjee, PM Manmohan Singh began efforts to enlarge support for the leader by getting on the phone to leaders of Opposition in LS and RS \u2014 Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley \u2014 and called CPI leader A B Bardhan and former PM JD (S) leader H D Deve Gowda .While the PM will be speaking to parliamentary leaders and CMs, Congress president Sonia Gandhi would be calling leaders of parties, a division of labour that will see them reach out to dozens of political bosses. Government sources said they are encouraged by BJP veteran L K Advani saying NDA is open to being spoken to although he also said he saw nothing wrong in a contest. Having agreed on Mukherjee, UPA will try to ensure the main Opposition does not oppose the senior minister's candidature. Congress managers are actively wooing parties like Janata Dal (U) that had not been keen on a contest. They feel that JD(U)'s reluctance for a contest can make BJP more amenable to supporting Mukherjee. Earlier, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar had hinted that he may not be averse to vice-president Hamid Ansari's candidature.With the challenge of former LS speaker P A Sangma likely to remain limited as just BJD and AIADMK are backing him as of now, the government is expecting Left support to boost Mukherjee's acceptability. The party is hopeful that CPM will soon extend its backing to Mukherjee.BJP may also have to consider whether it wants to stick to an earlier position that it would not support any Congress nominee, and this included Mukherjee. The next election is already been seen as one that may yield a complex result and the party would consider if it wants to damage ties with Mukherjee whom its leaders have praised as the best minister in the UPA government.With all top BJP leaders like Advani, Swaraj, Jaitley and former minister Yashwant Sinha having heaped encomiums on Mukherjee, they may not find it so easy to oppose him. BJP has been considering with the possibility of supporting a non-UPA candidate but if the contest may not be close, this may not be a useful option. Congress has BSP in the bag and will be rounding up the support of smaller groups in Parliament and the assemblies to swell Mukherjee's tally. It has the unstinted support groups like Lalu Prasad's RJD and Ramvilas Paswan's LJP.The party expects that if it can neutralize BJP, it might be able to deliver a victory for its presidential nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177212", "title": "Robert Pattinson flooded with toothpicks", "text": "Robert Pattinson has been inundated with toothpicks from fans, after mentioning that he has been chewing them since he quit smoking.The 'Cosmopolis' star claimed that he chews on the small wooden sticks to keep him busy while he withdraws from nicotine.\"I quit smoking the other day and didn't even really realise I'd said anything about it. I've been chewing these f***ing toothpicks all the time. Someone noticed in Cannes and literally the next day in Lisbon, then in Paris and in Berlin there were about 20 people on the red carpet giving me huge amounts of toothpicks. Thousands of them,\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying.Pattinson, who enjoys the attention his fans give him, even took a devoted admirer of his to dinner when he was shooting in Spain.\"I was playing Salvador Dali and there was this one girl waiting outside my apartment every day for about three weeks. There was one day when I was just so chronically bored I said to her, 'Do you want to just go to dinner or something? No one else wants to hang out with me.'\"Her parents had a restaurant, she took me there and I complained about everything in my life for about two hours, then she gave me the bill to pay and was never back outside my apartment ever again,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176466", "title": "Mariah Carey tweets pic while pampering pooch with strawberries", "text": "Mariah Carey has shared a new photo on her Twitter account, in which she is seen dangling a bright red strawberry out for her dog, Jill E. Beans, to eat.The pup has come out as a favorite among the singer's five Jack Russell terriers, which include Cha Cha, Jackie Lambchops, Squeak E. Beans and JJ. The one-year-old dog made her music video debut in a remix of ' All I Want for Christmas Is You ' with Justin Bieber .\"Ok, apparently my dog likes strawberries, should I be concerned?\" People magazine quoted Carey writing on Twitter. The singer is on vocal rest to prepare for an upcoming performance for President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14159379", "title": "London calling top corporate golfers", "text": "The smell of Olympics is in the air as the vibrant city of London gears up to host the quadrennial sports extravaganza. Amidst the events leading up to the Olympics, London will also be the venue of the annual 'Olympics of Indian corporate golf' - The Times of India Leaders' Challenge Tour. The event is presented by Sahara India Pariwar in association with Chevrolet and will tee off at the Stockley Pines Golf Club in London -designed by the world renowned Robert Trent Jones Junior - on Saturday.The Times of India Leaders' Challenge Tour is co-sponsored by Ballantine's and Shri Ramswaroop Memorial Group of Professional Colleges. Oberoi Hotels and Resorts and Trident Hotels were the hospitality partners for the regional rounds and Cotstyle the 'Styling Partner'. The winner's prizes for the regional rounds were sponsored by The Mobile Store. The event is managed by Tiger Sports Marketing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159181", "title": "Body of Cavelossim man found", "text": "MARGAO: After being reported as missing from February 7, the body of 50-year-old deceased Serafin Cruz Fernandes was found below the Telaulim-Varca bridge on the banks of river Sal on Friday.\"The body was found in a highly decomposed state and some parts of the body were found missing,\" said Margao PI Sudesh Naik while adding that the body was in such a state as it had been missing for more than three months. \"We managed to identify the body as we found his election card and driving license in his clothes\" added Naik. He added that a missing complaint had been filed at Colva police station in the month of February by the family of the deceased.Margao Police officials added that the deceased was from Igorje Vaddo in Cavelossim and that the case was registered as that of an unnatural death.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14175784", "title": "Nityananda devotee files habeas corpus petition", "text": "BANGALORE: A devotee of controversial godman Nithyanada on Friday filed a habeas corpus petition in Karnataka high court challenging his \"illegal detention\" immediately after being granted bail by the Ramanagara court on Thursday.The petition was filed by Valli Ramanathan, an engineering graduate who has been associated with his ashram for the past nine years and now heads its publication division.The petitioner contended that immediately after a judicial order was passed to release Nithyananda on bail, he was 'whisked away' by police without allowing him have the benefit of the bail order and taken to the deputy commissioner's office. There he was informed of being detained under Sec 107 and 151 CrPC.She submitted that if police had an apprehension as contemplated in Sec 151 (relating to disturbance of public peace), nothing prevented them from reporting it to the court.Valli said the Investigating Officer was possibly under the impression that no bail would be granted. But after bail was granted, 'to defeat a judicial order contemptuously' he was taken to custody and produced before the deputy commissioner, who directed his detention in Mysore.The Commissioner of Police, Bangalore City, deputy commissioner Ramanagar District, Superintendent of Police, Ramanagar and Station House Officer, Bidadi police station, Ramanagar district have been named as respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166537", "title": "CP renovator hopes to start last phase", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI published the report on procedural delays hampering the redevelopment project of Connaught Place, Delhi traffic police held a meeting with Engineers India Limited (EIL) to discuss the traffic plan on Friday.EIL officials are hopeful that the work on the last phase of the underground service utility corridor would start next week. Cops have asked the company to submit a detailed traffic plan.While the 1.2km underground corridor is complete, EIL officials say the radial road going towards Minto Road has to be dug up to construct a transformer station. This section will connect the two ends of the tunnel. The service utilities can be transferred only once this corridor along with the transform station is ready.An EIL official said, \"In the meeting, we have explained it to Delhi Traffic Police that we can't complete the corridor without constructing the transformer station on Minto Road. They have assured us that the permission would be given soon. We are hopeful that the work will start from next week.\"EIL claims that it has to carry out a survey to ascertain the vehicle load on this radial road as it is one of the three exit points from CP Inner Circle. \"With this radial road closed, there would be just two exit and three entry points. We have to find out the traffic volume on this stretch. We will submit the report by Monday,\" said an official.Once the work starts, it will take EIL close to 200 working days to finish the work.Traffic police has asked EIL to submit a detailed traffic circulation plan. \"We will only take a decision after ensuring that traffic movement will not be unduly disrupted in the area,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. Traffic cops claimed that any restriction on vehicle movement would be done in a phased manner.EIL claims that the traffic police has given them an in-principle approval to start construction work of the subway on Barakhamba Road near the Gopaldas building.\"We will have to barricade a small portion of Outer Circle for this. Once the work on the Barakhamba Road subway is over, we will start work on the Punchkuian Road subway,\" said an EIL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168853", "title": "Boys outshine girls in High School Leaving Certificate exam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) exam results were declared by the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (SEBA) on Friday. Private educational institutions proved their supremacy over government-run schools by claiming most of the top spots.The top 10 positions were secured by 41 students in all, most of whom were from private schools. Shankerdev Shishu Niketan and Shankerdev Shishu Vidya Niketan, runned by Shishu Siksha Samiti, Assam, notched the best performance with 11 of their students figuring among these 41 rank holders.This year, boys fared better than girls. Out of 2,78,704 students who appeared for the exam this year, 72.47% boys passed as compared to girls - 66.85% - a trend reserve to this year's Higher Secondary exam results, conducted by the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC).A total of 26,203 students passed the HSLC or matric exam in the first division, while 68,180 were placed in the second division. A total of 1,630 students got distinction marks. The numbers of students who scored letter marks and star marks were recorded to be 30,420 and 5,387 respectively.However, the overall pass percentage declined to 69.63 this year from previous year's 70.38, which was the best pass percentage in the history of HSLC exam since 1989.Speaking to TOI, B K Das, SEBA secretary, said that though the overall pass percentage declined this year, the standard of results improved overall. \"The number of students securing first and second divisions has gone up in 2012, while the number of students passing in the third division has come down,\" Das said.Three students, all from private schools, jointly secured the first position in this year's examination. The top three slots were shared by Bhaswati Deka of Guwahati, Gyandeep Sarma of Bokakhat (Golaghat) and Stuty Khound from Biswanath Chariali (Sonitpur). In Guwahati, all seven students who figured in the top 10 ranks are also from private schools.Lower Assam's Nalbari district, which was earlier a hotbed of insurgency, notched the best performance in the state with a pass percentage of 82.21. It was followed by the flood-ravaged Dhemaji district, also disturbed by the ongoing the anti-mega dam movement, at 80.32%. The pass percentages of Jorhat, Kamrup, Lakhimpur and Sivasagar districts were over 75.Chirang, Cachar and Dima Hasao districts were placed at the bottom of the tally. The pass percentages of these three districts were below 60. While Chirang's was 54.50%, Cachar recorded 54.72%. Dima Hasao district's pass percentage was just 56.17.In the Assam High Madrassa examination results, which was also declared on Friday, Ratul Khan of Rowmani in Kamrup district topped the merit list. Monjurul Islam from Howly in Barpeta district and Imran Hussain of Biswanathghat in Sonitpur district secured the second and third positions respectively. The pass percentage in the Assam High Madrassa exam also witnessed a downward trend this year at 69.03 compared to last year's 76.84.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14159798", "title": "Surat students develop spy robot to fight terror", "text": "SURAT: Four 17-year-old diploma engineering students in the city have developed a spy robot, which can be manoeuvred to go to inaccessible and remotest parts of any place. The robot, which is equipped with a camera, can be operated with a mobile phone. It can prove to be a trustworthy companion to authorities during untoward situations like riots and eathquake.The students of Bhagvan Mahavir Polytechnic were inspired by US army to design the four-wheel robot to fight terror attacks. The robot can be controlled through a software in a computer, laptop, mobile or an iPad . It can be operated from any part of the world using wireless technology. The robot has been developed by Dharesh Khanna, Raj Jariwala, Jainish Patel and Jay Danger, who are doing their sixth semester in software engineering at Bhagvan Mahavir Polytechnic.\"Remote-controlled robots are easy to develop but we wanted to design a professional model which is used by the army. So, we decided to develop a software-operated model and succeeded,\" said Dharesh Khanna.The small-sized robot can enter a building, which has collapsed in an earthquake, and move in circular direction and take sharp turns in any direction. \"It can send photographs through wireless camera. Our smart model is a combination of hardware and software engineering,\" said Raj Jariwala.The students used locally available electronic kit and transmitter circuit of an electronic car. \"The robot can be used for wildlife research and security purposes too. It can be operated from any remote location using the internet. The robot and camera both can be operated online because of its software,\" said Jainish Patel.\"The video robot used by US armed forces costs around Rs 25,000 but we could make it by spending just Rs 2,000. We are working to add more features to it,\" the team said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14179766", "title": "Parvathy, Bruna want to do more Tamil films", "text": "With Billa II, two hot models turn Kollywood leading ladies. Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah are all set to sizzle in the film, which stars Ajith and is seen as one of the most awaited releases of 2012.Both these heroines are confident about creating a niche in Kollywood and want to act in more films in Tamil. \"I have been meeting many directors and producers in the recent months. But I have refrained from signing anything new till the release,\" says Parvathy.Bruna says, \"I will 100 per cent come back and do more films in Tamil. As of now, it is for the fans to see and decide how I have acted. I hope to do more films here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14170178", "title": "New academic session at XLRI", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The new academic year kicked off at XLRI here on Friday with the commencement of classes for all three flagship programmes - two-year business management, two-year human resource management and one-year general management programmes.A special inaugural programme was held in the Tata Auditorium in the morning where all students currently pursuing their studies at XLRI together with all faculty and staff were present. Fr E Abraham, the director, addressed all present at the ceremony.XLRI has for the first time introduced a unique feature in the first term, village exposure programme and outbound programme. Both the programmes have been designed to create awareness among the students of life in rural India, as well as the importance of team spirit. The new entrants will also have exposure to Indian business history as well as yoga and first aid. \"XLRI is a business school which concentratesnot only on knowledge development, but also on personal, spiritual and social development. Such an integral and value-based formation will impel the future manager to be an innovative, competent and creative leader,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14168578", "title": "Dibrugarh girl battles odds to secure 5th rank in High School Leaving Certificate exam", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Ashisha Sonowal could not hold back tears when this year's HSLC examination results were declared on Friday.After all, the sixteen-year-old girl, who comes from a very poor family, battled against all odds to secure the fifth rank in the state from St Mary's School, Dibrugarh.Ashisha's father Tepuram Sonwal, who is originally from Gojai Goan in Kalakhowa, about 35 km from here and one of the most backward and neglected rural pockets of Dibrugarh district, shifted to the town a couple of years back with his family consisting of his wife and two children.Tepuram, now unemployed, earlier used to sell vegetables in his village while his wife Ninina worked as a mid wife to sustain themselves and educate their children with their meager income. They took the decision to move to the town after Ashisha started performing exceptionally well in her exams. The family took a small two-room bamboo hut on a monthly rent of Rs 700 at Bishnu Nagar. Ashisha had to commute a distance of about 2 km to school on foot.After her results were out, a weeping Ashisha said: \"I'm extremely happy with my results. I dedicate my success to my parents who struggled a lot to bring us up. My teachers also helped a lot in my studies. In future, I want to become a doctor.\"\"Inspite of all odds, her grit, determination and hard work have borne fruit. It is our dream to see our daughter become a great person in life. I'm so happy,\" said Ashisha's mother Ninina.The Sonowal Kachari Autonomous Council on Friday announced a cash award of Rs 1 lakh for Ashisha. \"Apart from the cash award, we've also decided to help her in her studies,\" Milan Sonowal, the chief executive member of the council said.A number of organizations also felicitated her. Ashisha who aggregated 563 marks secured 99 in General Maths, 99 in Advanced Maths, 98 in General Science, 93 in English, 89 in Assamese and 84 in Social Studies.Trishna Boruah, a student of Little Flower School, Dibrugarh secured the sixth rank with a total of 562 marks. \"I'm extremely happy. I was not expecting such a high rank, but I knew I would at least get distinction marks,\" said Trishna, who now wants to study in the arts stream with an eye on the civil services examination in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163224", "title": "Chandigarh gets Asia\u2019s first RTI library", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you wish to see, possess or deposit papers related to the Right to Information (RTI) Act, then here is good news for you. A library of RTI documents, touted as Asia's first, was inaugurated at Dwarka Das Library, Lala Lajpat Rai Bhawan on Friday. The library has been formed by Servants of People's Society in association with the Citizens' Voice and RTI Users' Association.Interestingly, it was also the seventh anniversary of the RTI Act in the country. A large number of RTI documents were deposited with the library on the inaugural day.Onkar Chand, chairman of the Servants of the People's Society, said, \"Making documents public will help those who want to refer them for litigation or research purposes. The process to collect documents from RTI users is on and we will upload the whole collection online within a few months, making it possible for anybody to access the information from anywhere in the world.\"Hemant Goswami, chairman of the Citizens' Voice, said the library would ensure that documents procured by RTI users are put to further use.The library is an open source depository of information collected under the RTI Act. Anybody can become a member of this library free of cost and can also contribute to information available. The documents will be catalogued according to subject matter, ministry/department and whether they relate to the central or state government, making it easy for anybody to navigate through the collection.\"We call upon all RTI users to share the documents that are of no use to them now,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176628", "title": "Cheryl Cole knows why girls go crazy for Harry Styles", "text": "Cheryl Cole has revealed that she can understand why girls and women fancy One Direction's singer Harry Styles.The singer spoke about the boy band's amazing success and how she liked to take credit for the boys. \"I took credit for [One Direction] on Twitter - I Twittered the boys, saying 'Remember who really mentored you when Simon wasn't around!\" the Mirror quoted her as telling Sugarscape. \"There was a couple of weekends where Simon [Cowell] was poorly and I had to mentor them, so I take full responsibility for all their success - and over the pond, I think it's all me,\" she said.Cheryl was asked whether she fancies a bit of Hazza Styles, who is known to have a penchant for older women. \"Harry? I've seen Harry in his boxer shorts,\" she said. The 28-year-old singer insisted that Styles has always felt like a little brother to her. \"Harry's a little brother type, but I get it, the girls go crazy for him - and the women,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14160032", "title": "4 killed, 15 injured in accident near Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: Four persons were killed and at least 15 injured when a private bus overturned on Godhra bypass road near Godhra in Panchamahal district on Friday morning.The victims were travelling from Surat to Kushalgadh in Madhya Pradesh (MP) in the bus that belonged to Bhagwati Travels. The bus was overloaded and some passengers were even sitting on its roof, sources said.The driver of the bus (GJ-20T-9626) lost control while negotiating a turn near Gadukpur on the bypass. The bus overturned and fell on the side of the road. The driver and conductor of the bus escaped and are yet to be traced.Police officials said three persons - Rango Kalaswa, 18, Badhuben Mahida, 35, and Badhuben's son Kanu, 8, died on the spot. Kalaswa was a resident of Jhabua in MP while the mother-son duo was a resident of Kushalgadh. A septuagenarian, Badiben Bariya, a resident of Piplod in Dahod district, died after she was rushed to Vadodara for treatment. Godhra police confirmed that the bus was overloaded. tnnHe added that the driver and the conductor were yet to be identified. \"We are trying to identify them and track them down,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165067", "title": "2 arrested with Rs 25k fake notes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police on Thursday evening arrested two people involved in a fake currency racket and recovered counterfeit notes worth Rs 25,000. The arrested were identified as Gurcharan Singh, 52, a resident of New Shivaji Nagar and 30-year-old Manjit Singh of Prem Nagar. The gang's kingpin Ranjeet Singh alias Jeeta is still absconding.ADCP, zone 1, Manjeet Singh Dhesi said following a tip off that Ranjeet will be in Ludhiana to supply fake currency, they have laid a naka in Salem Tabri area. \"Confessing to the crime, the accused said they used to buy fake notes from Ranjeet and circulate it in the city and surrounding areas. According to preliminary investigation Ranjeet used to bring fake money, minted by Pakistan's ISI, from Indo-Nepal border and hand it to his gang members in Punjab,\" said Dhesi. He added that Ranjeet was earlier arrested for the same crime and cops had after recovered Rs 3.15 lakh fake currency from him then. He went back to his illegal activity after being released from prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159477", "title": "Centre yet to decide on Sanathan Sanstha ban, Maharashtra tells HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year after the Maharashtra government recommended a ban on the Sanathan Sanstha and its two right-wing sister outfits, the Union government is yet to decide on the issue, the Bombay high court was informed on Friday. The state told the HC that over a year ago in April it had urged the Centre to declare the Sanstha and two other outfits\u2014the Hindu Janjagruti Samiti and Dharna Shakti Sena\u2014as terrorist organizations and impose a ban on them.Hearing a PIL seeking a ban on the Sanstha, a division bench asked all the parties in the case to file their affidavits.\"The power vests in the Centre to independently investigate and assess if the Sanstha can be declared as a terrorist organization under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act,\" said R S Mandge, a police inspector from the anti-terrorist squad. Mandge submitted a letter written by then state additional chief secretary Umesh Sarangi in April 2011 to the Union government.\"Three cases are registered against activists of the Sanstha regarding bomb blasts,\" the letter said, adding, \"The arrested accused have taken motivation from the writings in the Sanathan Prabhat which is published by the Sanstha.\"Last year, two persons with alleged links to the SanathanSanstha were sentenced to ten years' imprisonment for carrying out an explosion and planting explosives at the Gadkari Rangayatan auditorium, Thane, and the Vishnu Das Bhave auditorium in Vashi in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164309", "title": "SP and BSP fall over each other to back UPA choice", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a race between SP and BSP to support Pranab Mukherjee when UPA announced his candidature, continuing the pattern of UP outfits supporting UPA despite rivalry with Congress in the state.SP's Ramgopal Yadav issued a statement supporting Mukherjee. \"After the announcement of Mukherjee for President, the party has decided to back him,\" it said.The statement came in the nick of time to beat BSP from being the first to back Mukherjee. Mayawati said: \"Of all the names that have come up for President's election, we have found Mukherjee most suitable .\"The competition to stay close to Congress was true to their moves since the advent of UPA 2. The regional outfits have defied the political norm of staying on opposite sides to back the Manmohan government. Observers attribute it to compulsions arising out of corruption cases in which the Centre can play a key role. SP's bid to form a hostile bloc with Trinamool proved short-lived. But the post-presidential poll scenario could be different from first three years of UPA. Having come to power in UP with brute majority, SP is looking to ride the positive sentiment in 2014 LS polls. With Congress and Trinamool on the verge of a divorce, UPA could be vulnerable to SP's numerical clout in LS.SP is unlikely to join government. Observers feel Congress may become susceptible to bargaining by the shrewd Yadav leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176581", "title": "Allu Arjun to join hands with Puri Jagannath?", "text": "Is the \" Desamuduru\" combo coming together for yet another mass masala entertainer? According to film nagar sources, stylish star Allu Arjun and director Puri Jagananth are planning to join hands for another film.Sources close to the director indicate that Puri, after wrapping up Pawan Kalyan's \"Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu\", is planning to work with Allu Arjun. The director wants to comprehensively work on a big ticket-entertainer after he completes Pawan Kalyan's film.It was also reported that Bandla Ganesh Babu is likely to produce this film. The producer, who is basking in the success of Gabbar Singh, has reportedly given the nod for the script work. Stay tuned for more updates on this!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168322", "title": "State should consider heritage tourism policy, says Indian Heritage Hotels Association", "text": "PUNE: The Indian Heritage Hotels Association (IHHA) has urged the Maharashtra government to consider formulating a heritage tourism policy and to consider providing various incentives for heritage hotels.The IHHA said the state has a big opportunity to develop heritage structures in rural areas into hotels that can attract international and other-state tourists.The IHHA expressed that heritage hotels would boost tourism in rural parts, will help increase employment opportunities in rural area and protect the local art and crafts.A meeting of the executive committee of the IHHA was held in the city on Friday.Speaking after the meeting, Maharaja Gaj Singh of Jodhpur, president, IHHA, said, \"We urge the Maharashtra government to pay serious attention to the conceptof heritage hotels. Especially, Pune being a city of the Peshwas, with its rich cultural heritage, has wadas which can be restored into heritage properties.\"\"The government needs to create a special heritage cell in the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation. It should set up a heritage tourism fund at 6% rate of interest for restoring old properties. The heritage hotels should be given luxury tax exemption and exemption from local civic taxes and non-agricultural cess for 20 years. Heritage hotels should be given 50% discount in electricity charges,\" Singh said.Singh urged property owners and the government to take up steps to restore these properties to their former glory and also create employment opportunities.According to the IHHA, properties such as palaces, castles, forts, havelis of any size built prior to 1950 and having facade, architectural features and general construction with distinctive qualities and ambiance in keeping with the traditional way of life of the area, have the potential to be converted into a heritage hotel.The association has 176 registered members spread across the country, of which, three are in Maharashtra. The Union government recognised heritage hotels as a separate category in January, 1991 and categorised hotels in three categories - heritage, heritage classic and heritage grand. Of the 176 registered members, 3 are heritage grand, 3 are heritage classic, 159 are operating properties under heritage category and 11 properties are under project/planning stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158573", "title": "Maharashtra Airport Development Company to woo pharma units for Mihan-SEZ", "text": "NAGPUR: Concerned about Mihan-SEZ having mostly IT units that do not generate any cargo and too few manufacturing ones, its developer Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) is now focusing on attracting the pharmaceutical industries. This is because it is now felt that there is a little chance of any core manufacturing sector unit checking-in at SEZ here.Bringing SEZs units within the ambit of minimum alternate tax (MAT) from 2011 has made the entire SEZ scheme unattractive as it reduces the tax sops considerably. With land in Mihan SEZ priced at Rs 60 lakh an acre and tax sops reduced, manufacturing industries are preferring regular industrial estates to SEZ, say sources in the business. They believed that this will give focus to the whole project and ultimately boost the region's economy.In such a situation what remains for MADC, which is keen on attracting fresh investment, is pharmaceutical sector. MADC hopes to attract them with not just tax benefits available in SEZ. The sector largely depends on exports to US and Europe and prefers SEZs as the markets there prefer products from units located in SEZ. It achieved success when drugmaker Lupin decided to set up shop at Mihan. It has taken 24 acres land and is coming up with a Rs 400 crore plant.Every pharmaceutical unit has to get specific approvals from respective country's regulators. The inspecting authorities give better ranking to units in SEZs mainly because it is believed such zones have better infrastructure and many of them are government managed. \"So a drug manufacturer in a SEZ will have an edge over one in a regular industrial area,\" said a source in state government.MADC is banking on this factor for getting investment from pharma sector. Offers have been sent to 25 players recently and replies are awaited. Some major players are planning an expansion and MADC is hoping to cash in on them, the source said. It is not a one-way requirement, even pharmaceutical companies are keen on setting up plants in a SEZ, the source said.An official in a city-based pharmaceutical unit having a plot in Mihan endorsed this theory. \"A unit in a regular area will certainly not be so impressive to the inspecting team. Nagpur has its own advantages of central location and logistics facilities,\" he said.MADC's vice-chairman-cum managing director UPS Madan confirmed the development. He said having industries of the same sector also had its own advantage of developing a cluster. He admitted that core manufacturing sector was not too keen on SEZs after MAT was brought. Madan has maintained that pharmaceutical units would generate low volume but high cost cargo that is ideal for transportation by air. This will boost the cargo-hub planned along with the SEZ.However, it may lead to a major change in the concept of multimodal cargo hub. The SEZ was planned to make goods to be transported through road, rail as well as air. With the lack of core manufacturing sector, not much cargo may be generated for the rail and road modes.Praful Doshi of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) said that manufacturing sector need not come up in a sophisticated area like a SEZ. Moreover, land in MIDC's estates is way cheaper than Mihan. The current per acre rate in Butibori is about Rs 20 lakh against Rs 60 lakh in Mihan. Devendra Parikh of Vidarbha Economic Development Council ( VED), the voluntary organization championing Mihan's cause, said they had made an offer to MADC to showcase Nagpur as destination for pharmaceutical sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "14158840", "title": "Kudos Mr CM,now, for some tough decisions", "text": "GOA: Alexandre Moniz Barbosa wonders why Manohar Parrikar is so silent on issues the BJP had raised while in oppositionIn an economy that is stretching the rupee to the maximum, the Rs 11 cut in petrol prices through a reduction of VAT is perhaps what brought the most cheer to the people of the state. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had done what he had promised to do if given another chance in the top seat and gladdened hearts would find little to complain about the new government.To be fair to the chief minister, and the government he leads, a report card of his 100 days in power does lean heavily towards the positive. In the past 100 days, Parrikar has probably done more than what some previous chief ministers did in 1,000 days.The first thing anybody noticed about the new government was the pace. After five years during which the government moved no faster than a bullock cart being pulled by tired bulls, Parrikar took the reins of government into his hands, transformed the bulls into horses, cracked the whip and raced the cart at speed. The lethargy that pervaded the administration has disappeared. It may not have been replaced by enthusiasm to serve the people, but there definitely is a positive change in the manner government servants deal with ordinary citizens.In the past 100 days Parrikar has taken decisions, rescinded others, propagated ideas and announced policies. The list is long and impressive, but there have been no tough decisions, none that could be termed as politically \"courageous\".Take for instance the medium of instruction (MoI) policy. In announcing that the policy was an administrative decision and temporary, Parrikar has effectively said that his government is not willing to take a stand on an issue that could upset his government's survival.Giving grants to English medium schools would never have been an easy decision for the Bharatiya Janata Party to take. The party had protested, vehemently, when the previous Congress government announced grants to English primaries a year ago. Its leaders, including the present chief minister, had taken to the streets in protest. In its election manifesto BJP promised grants only to schools teaching in the regional language. Expecting it to now change its stand was hoping for too much. The party can still claim that it remains firm on this stand. Grants will still only be given to primary schools in the regional language, but the government managed to keep the other side happy, something the chief minister had promised.sAnd then there are those issues that remain untouched. The silence from the government on illegal mining has been deafening.In the months before the polls, rampant illegal mining was the most debated issue, one that almost brought down the previous government. During the campaign, illegal mining was the issue that was downplayed the most. When TOI had attempted to find out why mining was not such a big issue in the run-up to the polls, one answer was that in reality it was the mining industry that rules Goa and hence political parties would always sweep the issue under the carpet. The delay by the government in making any statement on illegal mining appears to confirm this.The CM may have replaced the director of mines, but beyond that there has been little of note. Just this week the government assured the high court that it would reconsider the policy on buffer zones around wildlife sanctuaries, but details are scant.The honeymoon ends today. Can the government, over the next few months and years, build on the strong foundation laid? With an absolute majority, unstinted support from allies, new alliances forged and an almost non-existent opposition, this is perhaps the best scenario for a government to push forward changes and reforms. Given the circumstances, those \"courageous decisions\" shouldn't be long in coming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "14165171", "title": "Green gesture at Sarabha Nagar main market", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The shopkeepers at one of the busiest markets of the city have taken up an initiative to increase the green cover near the market. They take time out of their busy schedules and plant saplings in the locality in a phased manner. The drive has been started by Sarabha Nagar Main Market Association.Sarabha Nagar main market has about 100 trees inside a half-acre park and in the parking area.Chairman of the market association Wang Jenn says, \"It becomes difficult to nurture the plants if they are planted in large numbers at once, so we are carrying out this drive in phases, giving ample care to saplings until they find roots.\"The association recently planted about 10 trees in the parking area. \"The parking area will have about 50 more plants in the months to come in order to increase the green cover in the market. We are planting tacoma and ficus plants as these don't grow too tall and wouldn't tangle with the electric cables,\" says Wang.Restaurant owner at Sarbaha Nagar market Gaurav Vig says, \"We wanted to increase the green cover as trees make the market look better. The parking area will soon have more trees.\"The market area, including parking space, a park and shops, is about four acres, of which park is on half acre, parking space covers one and half acres while the rest is covered by shops.Jasmeet Kaur, a homemaker from Sarabha Nagar who frequently shops at the main market, says, \"It is an appreciable step by the market association to have taken up the responsibility of increasing the green cover in their hands. These trees will keep a check on pollution in the area as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159024", "title": "Man booked for molesting 14-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A tempo driver was booked on Friday for molesting a 14-year-old girl from his neighbourhood.According to the police, the victim stays in a rented room at Ganpat Patil Nagar, Borivli (W), with her parents and three younger siblings. Her father runs a grocery store in the same locality. The accused, Sonu, resides close to the victim's house.On Tuesday, around 8pm, Sonu touched her inappropriately. Later, Sonu went to the victim's house and approached her father. Sonu warned him that his family would have to face dire consequences if he contacted the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14163132", "title": "No pullout, Kalam plays waiting game", "text": "PATNA: Although Pranab Mukherjee had emerged as front-runner for the presidential office, ex-President APJ Abdul Kalam didn't rule himself out of the race, saying he would take a decision at the proper time.His name had been floated by SP and Mamta Banerjee but SP now firmly backs the Congress nominee.\"Many leaders want me to become the President of India again. I appreciate this idea, I respect their views. I shall take a proper decision at an appropriate time,\" Kalam said in Patna. He arrived in Patna on Thursday to a warm reception CM Nitish Kumar and the two met on Friday again.Meanwhile in Chennai, DMK chief M Karunanidhi took a dig at Kalam, saying his remaining in the race has led to confusion. \"Kalam in Tamil also means 'kalakam' (confusion or chaos). Somehow, confusion has been created in the presidential election,\" Karunanidhi said. He added that DMK would not go back on its assurance given to Congress to back its nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160134", "title": "Netas rush to steal a march on girl child issue", "text": "MUMBAI: There seems to be a race among politicians over the declining child sex ratio. Notable among them is Congress' Varsha Gaikwad, women and child welfare minister, who has written to public health minister Suresh Shetty urging the department to make the offence, involving the girl child ratio cases, non-bailable. Such cases fall under the purview of thePCPNDT Act, already a non-bailable offence.Speaking to TOI, Gaikwad clarified that her letter to the health department has been \"misinterpreted''. \"I am aware that offences under the PCPNDT Act are non-bailable. But, in the letter, I was talking about Dr Sudam Munde. He has been accused of violating the law several times, but has managed to emerge unscathed from every case,'' she said.\"I wanted to point out that the stringent provisions in law are not being implemented effectively,\" she added.Also, Mantralaya mandarins are unhappy with the women and child welfare department's decision to adopt the four daughters of Vijayamala Patekar who died while undergoing an abortion in Beed. The operation was performed by Dr Sudam Munde and his wife Saraswati. \"After the Beed case, Supriya Sule (NCP) announced that the victim's kids would be adopted. Days later, Gaikwad announced the same,'' a Mantralaya official said. \"As Sule had already announced it, the government could have adopted the kids of other victims. Gaikwad's move appeared to be Congress' ploy to score over the NCP,\" he added.Recently, home minister R R Patil (NCP) and Suresh Shetty (Cong) had a spat. While Patil alleged that Shetty's department was at fault for the falling child sex ratio, Shetty said the home department had failed to arrest the Mundes, a minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14163688", "title": "Bahrain Air increases flight frequency from four to six", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Bahrain Air has increased its flight frequency from four to six flights a week in the Bahrain- Thiruvananthapuram -Bahrain sector, effective June 13.The move will boost the frequency of flights to India with 20 flights a week to Kochi, Kozhikode, Mumbai and Thiruvananthapuram. Flights will depart daily (except Monday) from Bahrain at 9.25pm and arrive at the Trivandrum International Airport at 4.15am. The return flight will depart daily (except Tuesday) at 5am and arrive at Bahrain International Airport at 7.30am (Bahrain Time).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur/jalore", "code": "14166353", "title": "A nightmarish experience for the survivors", "text": "JAIPUR/JALORE: Twelve-year old Sugna's tears were unstoppable as she searched for her parents minutes after the bus in which they were travelling caught fire after colliding with a truck.The blood curdling sight of charred bodies with the injured crying in pain is one that will stay in Sugna's mind forever.The accident which occurred at Sivan village in Sanchor tehsil of Jalore district left 18 people dead with the toll expected to rise.In the face of death, several jumped off the bus' roof, while others broke open the windows. The unlucky ones however got trapped inside the bus and were burnt alive.Talking to TOI over phone from Bhansali hospital in Sanchor, Sugna recalled the nightmare: \"I heard a blast and the bus caught fire. Everyone was running here and there even as the three women who were sitting in front of me were burnt alive.\"\"I asked someone about my parents. Later, I fell unconscious. When I regained consciousness, I found myself in the hospital. I am happy to have traced my parents,\" said Sugna.Another survivor Jagdish who has sustained fractures said, \"I was sitting on the roof of the bus. I saw a truck ramming into our bus and soon I jumped off it.\"A hardware professional in Sanchor, Jagdish took part in the rescue operation too. \"The police and local administration reached the spot nearly half-an-hour after the incident. It was horrifying to see five people engulfed in fire and dying in front of me,\" he said.The staff at Bhansali hospital, where most of the injured were rushed, worked beyond the shift timings to tend to the injured.\"Our hospital has never witnessed such rush of patients. Therefore, the entire staff was roped in to look after the injured,\" said Dr Ashok Taliwal, a pediatrician at the hospital.\"The nearby villagers were very supportive. Many of them took the injured to the hospital in their tractors, bikes and jeeps,\" said Bhangwan Lal, who sustained injuries in the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166479", "title": "Mulayam teaches Didi the basics of politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The certainty of Pranab Mukherjee's ascension to Rashtrapati Bhawan is a setback for Mamata Banerjee , who had made winning a habit since she pulled off the impossible feat of uprooting the CPM in Bengal.The selection of Mukherjee in defiance of her resolve to block his presidential aspirations has exposed the limits of Mamata's veto in the UPA, and brings her to a crossroads in her ties with the Congress. Leaving the Congress will mean the loss of the comfort factor that CMs look for from a friendly Centre. Persisting with the arrangement will dent the persona of uncompromising resoluteness that she has acquired by her opposition to Marxist hegemony.The Congress-Mamata equations already seem altered, with Sonia Gandhi holding the upper hand: something that may find reflection in a push for reforms that Mamata had stalled. Besides, she has to contend with the charge of betraying a fellow Bengali when he seemed headed for Rashtrapati Bhawan. Though a lightweight in Bengal politics, Mukherjee as President will have a taunt value that will be exploited by all her adversaries.In the near-term, she faces a task in persuading former President A P J Abdul Kalam to enter the presidential fray. Kalam was willing to contest, though only on the condition that his sponsors first arrange enough votes to ensure his victory. However, with the SP bolting out, the image-conscious Kalam may be loath to fight a battle that he is sure to lose.Her present position is a world apart from the comfortable position she seemed to be in vis-a-vis a Congress leadership which was putting up with her because of its wariness of Mulayam Singh Yadav's shrewd ways. Her problems are also of her own making. The Trinamool boss, who would consistently get the Centre to bend, overplayed her hand in the latest instance. She bungled by chasing two objectives simultaneously \u2014 to block Pranab and to use the presidential election to display her clout on the national stage.By not prioritizing, she ended up helping Pranab instead of hindering him. Her veto on the candidature of Hamid Ansari helped Pranab level with the Vice-President when the latter had seemed a clear front-runner. In her outreach, she also committed the mistake of partnering the wily SP boss, ignoring strong evidence of the latter's support for the finance minister as well as his track record of reversals.Its thumping win had turned the SP into a big factor that the Congress could not have ignored. However, the alliance with Mamata enhanced the value of its vote, allowing Mulayam to argue forcefully for Pranab.Anxious to avert the humiliation of a defeat and the risk of an opposition-sponsored politician in Raisina Hill, the Congress leadership was left with little choice. More so, because Mamata had publicly taken on Sonia crossing what the Congress considers to be the Lakshmanrekha. You cannot be insolent with the Congress president and get away with it, said a Cabinet minister, summing up the Congress's position.Unfortunately, the expected support from Mulayam which had encouraged Mamata to raise the ante was not there when the Congress launched its counter-attack.Her defeat is seen as instructive also because it shows that the straight shooting ways that helped her wrest Writers' Building may not be effective in national politics where one has to contend with the dog-eat-dog politics of the Hindi heartland. For all the bitterness that she may harbour against Mulayam, Mamata should be grateful to the SP boss for teaching her some basic lessons in politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14181399", "title": "Chinese companies eye Gujarat for investment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: CEOs of big Chinese companies have started serious dialogue with state government officials to make Gujarat their next big investment destination and manufacturing base.The companies are impressed with the excellent infrastructure, road, rail, air and port connectivity, 24-hours quality power supply, plenty of skilled manpower, business environment and good governance in the state.The stage for this was set after chief minister Narendra modi last visit to China in November, 2011.In the last six months, Gujarat has become a big brand name in China and companies especially auto majors, infrastructure giants, heavy engineering firms, companies in the field of equipment, power, renewable energy and textile working out strategy to invest in the state.They are looking for partners in the state and this provides huge opportunities to local businesses and workforce.With huge increase in the production of cotton in the state, textile industries of China are planning to set up their units here to reduce the cost on transportation of raw material as well as finished products which they sell in various markets of Asia, Gulf countries and Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166843", "title": "Bunty chor\u2019s \u2018guru\u2019 lands in net for car theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 73-year-old man, who is believed to be the role model of Bunty chor, and has over 90 cases of car theft registered against him in various states, has been arrested.Dhani Ram Mittal, a resident of Sonepat, was arrested during a police checking on June 14. Four vehicles, including two cars have also been recovered from his possesion.Mittal became involved in forgery and crime as early as 1964 and spent a significant portion of his life behind jails. Now he has been arrested by police for his 93rd crime - that of stealing an automobile - from the Paschim Vihar area 20 days ago.He told police that in the late 1970s he had forged an order for compulsory leave of a district Judge at Jhajjar in Haryana, prepared a forged appointment letter for himself and presided over the district court for 40 days giving \"bail'' to over 200 criminals for a \"price.''Mittal had over the past 48 years perfected the art of vehicle theft, forgery and cheating. Born in Bhiwani, Mittal did his BSc in 1st class from Vaish College Rohtak and also has a diploma in hand writing and graphology.\"He started working as a Munshi to various advocates and also graduated in law in 1970. He started his practice in the local court of Rohtak. He disclosed that he usually parks his car near another car for the purpose of stealing that car,\" said joint CP (northern range) Tajender Luthra.He opens the target car using a master key and if caught red handed, then on the pretext of his old age, he concocts a story that this has happened by mistake and show the car already parked by him. In this way he gets away from being caught either by the public or the police,'' said Luthra.Sources said Mittal also carried out recee of the parking lots near court complexes and mostly targeted old cars . He usually sold these stolen vehicles after preparing all required documents which were often forged.He used to sell the stolen vehicles after preparing fake documents with the help of local RTOs and touts. He used to get the photocopies of the registration certificates and forge the signature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14166599", "title": "This young boy will turn up trumps", "text": "KARWAR: Young Raju, who lives in a bus stand in Karwar, wants to be a cop when he grows up. Given his grit and strong survival instinct, Raju may well go on to join the police force.Raju's is an inspiring story. The boy, now in Class 7, is orphaned, though both his parents are alive. Deserted, and with barely a roof over his head, he is unmindful of the heavy odds. \"I am accustomed to the difficulties of life, and I know I have to achieve my goal of education,\" says Raju, rather wise for his 12 years. It is his love for education that gives him courage to deal with life's quirky blows.Raju narrated his unlucky story: His father Salim, a resident of Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh, came to Karwar in search of a job over a decade ago. He worked as a coolie, fell in love with Noor Begum and married her. Raju was a regular, happy boy, living with his parents and going to school. Meanwhile, his mother joined a hotel as a helper, where she fell in love with a waiter and eloped with him. Salim, though devastated, took care of Raju. He took up a job in a hotel as it was convenient for both him and his son.The turning point in Raju's life came when Salim disappeared with about Rs 20,000 the hotel owner had handed over to him, to give to a businessman. Salim fled with the money to Lucknow, leaving Raju in Karwar. Raju, shocked and suddenly alone, resolved to continue studying. He began working in a hotel and continued his studies.About eight months ago, his father called the owner of the hotel where Raju was working and asked him to send Raju to Lucknow. Believing Salim, the hotel owner gave Raju some money to travel.Raju, just 11, began his journey, reaching Goa by train, then Mumbai, Surat, and finally, Lucknow. Salim, working as an autorickshaw driver, welcomed his son. Raju stayed with Salim for three months, happy to be back with his father, when fate dealt another blow. Salim, who was in love with a woman, eloped with her. For Raju, it was back to square one.His uncle, who was not a kindly man, got him a job in a factory. Raju adjusted to his new surroundings, but his uncle's harassment was too much for the young boy. He decided to return home to Karwar and continue his studies. He worked in the factory for three months and bought a return ticket to Karwar with his salary.Back in Karwar, he met his teachers and asked them to allow him to appear for the Class 6 examination, which they did. The courageous boy was back with his beloved books, and is now in Class 7. The bus stand became his home. Jitendra, who owns a hotel near the bus stand, noticed the lone boy.One day, he and Raghu Naik, a driving school owner, asked the boy why what he was doing in the bus stand. Raju told them his tale. Jitendra, moved by the boy's plight, made arrangements for his food. Raju now gets his midday meal in school and dinner in Jitendra's hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158814", "title": "Will say what I have to in assembly: Rane", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress's silence on the BJP government's 100 days in office has been the most telling characteristic of the present opposition party.While two party spokespersons did speak to TOI when contacted, opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane, after much coaxing, insisted \"people are the best judges\".Asked if he had not assessed the BJP government's performance so far, Rane said he had assessed the government, but he was in Mumbai and did not like to give his reaction on the phone for fear of being misquoted.\"What I have to say, I will say in the legislative assembly which is starting soon,\" Rane said.His strongest reaction was on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue. \"He (Parrikar) has partially implemented what was on the Congress manifesto. He should implement it fully.\"Rane then added, \"But my personal opinion is that we should consult experts on the issue. This is the age of expertise and experts should be consulted on sensitive issues such as this.\"Party spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu, on the other hand, needed no coaxing. \"Hundred days of BJP rule is the beginning of a tomb for the state of Goa,\" said the viscount of Pernem in his inimitable style.\"Instead of giving priority to revenue-earning activities like boosting industrialization or tourism, the BJP government is indulging in revengeful politics,\" he claimed, pointing out that this was evident in the way officers were being suspended and corruption cases were being filed against politicians.He further insisted that \"under the garb of public good, the government is spending money on unnecessary things\", but declined to specify, saying only, \"It is not politically expedient to list these now.\"Unlike Rane, Deshprabhu feels the government is \"fooling both sides-the pro-English and pro-vernacular\" on the MoI issue. \"The Diocesan Society of Education will realize later that they cannot call their schools as English medium schools,\" he warned, adding that the government should not have a \"lopsided policy\" on MoI to appease the minorities.Congress spokesperson Mauvin Godinho, on the other hand, is impressed with chief minister Manohar Parrikar's \"deft handling\" of the MoI issue.\"It's early yet, but, nevertheless, Parrikar seems to be doing reasonably well on overall governance of the state. One noteworthy thing is his deft handling of the MoI issue in Goa,\" said the Dabolim MLA.He added, \"Given his (Parrikar's) track record of taking up many issues in the assembly, I expect much more from him. I expect him to preserve the secular credentials of the state and I expect him to take concrete steps to ensure that organizations like the Shri Ram Sena are never allowed to set foot in Goa.\"In reference to the recent Hindu convention in Ponda, Deshprabhu said, \"The institutionalizing of communalism will take centre-stage once BJP consolidates itself in Goa.\"He philosophized, \"If the minorities want to succumb to this, if the minorities want to embrace a communal party, then God help our secularism. God can save our communal amity and brotherhood only if the minority pontiffs are guided by the diktat of God.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14162079", "title": "Five senior police officers of Nashik transferred", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) (headquarters) Sunil Phulari of the city police commissionerate and Additional Superintendent of Police (rural) Rajeev Jain are among the five senior police officials who have been transferred from Nashik in a major reshuffle of senior police officials.Apart from Phulari and Jain, former police commissioner Vinod Lokhande, who was replaced by Kulwant Kumar Sarangal a few months back and was awaiting his transfer, has been transferred to Mumbai.While Lokhande will take charge as the special Inspector General of Police (IGP) (prisons) in Mumbai, another IPS officer Rajeev Jain, who was the Additional Superintendent of Police of Nashik (rural) for a year, has been promoted to the post of Superintendent of Police (SP) and will take charge of the post in Chandrapur. Jain will be replaced by Vikram Deshmane, DCP of Thane.Among the other officers, SP Vijay Magar of the Criminal Investigation Department will take charge as the Additional Superintendent of Police of Pune (rural). DCP (headquarters) Sunil Phulari of Nashik police commissionerate will take charge as Superintendent of Police in Washim.Meanwhile, SP SG Diwan, who was with the Anti-Corruption Bureau in Nagpur, will take charge as the Deputy Commissioner of Police in Nashik, though it is unclear whether he will take charge of the headquarters or the vacant post of DCP (crime) in the city police commissionerate.Further, SD Kadasne who was the Additional SP of Shreerampur in Ahmednagar has been transferred as the Additional SP of Malegaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14161327", "title": "13 restaurants in debit card scam", "text": "VADODARA: Ever heard of a customer giving a tip of Rs 12,700 on a bill of Rs 34, 675 in a restaurant? The cyber crime cell has busted a unique scam wherein some city-based restaurateurs used to cheat banks worth lakhs of rupees by entering false tip amounts in the electronic data capture (EDC) machines.The restaurateurs took full advantage of some loopholes in the EDC transaction systems to siphon off money from several banks. The crime branch has arrested three persons including two restaurateurs for committing the fraud.The complaint registered at the cyber crime cell has names of 13 restaurants, most of which are owned by the two accused restaurateurs. The duo has been identified as Danbahadur alias Anurag Verma and Ashok Patel. Verma owns about four restaurants and Patel owns one. The third accused Hemant Panchal used to work with an agency that dealt in EDC machines. The case is being investigated by a team led by cyber crime cell police inspector Jatin Prajapati.The police said that Verma and Patel took full advantage of some loophole in the banking transactions when it came to debiting tip amount from the debit card holders' account.Investigating officials said that they are yet to receive any complaint from the banks. \"We got an application from HDFC bank informing us about this incident. HDFC got recovery call for money from Allahabad Bank some months following which HDFC authorities realized that something was wrong. We are now trying to get hold of more accused after which we will approach the banks to know how they kept on crediting the tip money in restaurateurs' bank accounts,\" said an official.The police have seized about 80 debit cards and nine EDC machines. One of the accused Danbahadur Verma used to carry the debit cards in his car. Police suspect that hundreds of such accounts have been opened by the restaurateurs in different nationalized banks.The accused told the police that two waiters taught them the modus operandi and that they have been doing so since 2007.From where was money debited?If the restaurateurs swiped the debit card of their relative, the money should have got debit from the account of the debit card holder. However, what has foxed investigators is the fact that the banks did not debit the amount from the account of the holder. The restaurateurs used to siphon lakhs of rupees through this loophole with the bank not even getting the whiff of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14165212", "title": "Bhajan pens children\u2019s stories for maiden book", "text": "BRS NAGAR: A frequent contributor to many popular vernacular magazines, Bhajan Singh Bhajan is ready to publish his first book, based on children's literature. His maiden book, to be published in Punjabi and English, would be out by next month. The 80-year-old writer says it has been his long awaited desire to publish a book.Bhajan says, \"I always want to write for children as Punjab has not had many authors contributing to children's literature. I take up different issues related to children and try to understand their psychology through my writing.\" A BRS Nagar resident, Bhajan says this book is a result of his ideas put together over the period of last 10 years. \"I was enthusiastic about writing since college days, when I mostly penned poems and recite them during college functions,\" he adds.Bhajan, who retired as a gazetted officer from home ministry, says he has written many articles on social, economic and other issues, which have been appreciated by readers. It was very important for him to understand how children feel and perceive certain issues, he says.\"Good children's literature is very important for children's development, but our state lacks many significant contributions in this field. My readers had been asking me to write a book whenever they read my writing for children, so I finally compiled this book together,\" adds Bhajan.Punjabi Sahitya Akademi chief Gurbhajan Singh Gill says Bhajan understands children very well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14161260", "title": "Road schemes under MPLAD funds hit roadblock", "text": "VADODARA: The first of its kind scheme for building roads in residential societies in urban areas with public participation and Member of Parliament Local Area Development ( MPLAD) funds has hit a roadblock in the southern parts of the city. While residents of some societies have paid their contribution for the roads, the construction of the roads is yet to begin forcing councillors to demand action against the contractor handling these works.The novel scheme was launched by Vadodara MP Balkrishna Shukla, who is also a former mayor of the city. The idea was to provide internal roads to the societies that were old, but still did not have internal roads. Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) did not make such roads till recently when a similar scheme was announced by the state government.Sources said that residents of three societies in Makarpura and Tarsali were up in arms against their local councillors as well as a contractor who had not made the road in their society. In the case of Janaki Park on Makarpura Road, it was Shukla himself who had performed a formal inauguration of the work.When the issue was brought to the notice of Shukla, he took up the issue with the local councillors. The councillors have in turn written to VMC commissioner demanding that action should be taken against the contractor, who had not begun the work at all.Said Shukla, \"Such delays cannot be tolerated when people themselves have paid money to get the work done. If there are any such cases, they can be brought to the notice of local councillors and we will ensure that work is expedited.\"BJP councillor of ward 22 Atul Amin said that work was stuck in three societies. \"In one of these it was delayed and in another it has not started due to some problems. But, the contractor never discussed the issues with the officials or elected representatives,\" Amin added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14168921", "title": "Fire damages 16,100 hectares of forest lands", "text": "SHIMLA: Soaring temperature caused forest fires to blaze through the forested areas, dampening all efforts to increase green cover in the state. Chief forest conservator Avtar Singh, who is in charge of monitoring and containing forest fires, disclosed that till Friday, 1,340 cases of summer fires had been reported. The total area damaged was estimated at 16,104 hectares, much more than last year's 1,758 hectares.\"As there was a sudden rise in temperatures from May 15, a spurt in forest fires has been reported from many parts in the state,\" said Singh. \"Though lesser number of new fires are being reported since June 10, the overall loss is estimated to be Rs 1.81 crore,\" he added.The conservator said that one human life was lost to a forest inferno this year and the departments record don't reflect the losses to wildlife that may have occurred in these blazes. Barring the cold desert districts of Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur, the remaining 10 districts have reported forest fires.\"Several myths prevail among the local populace,\" says Khimmi Ram, the forest minister. Farmers believe that grasslands are rejuvenated if the old grass cover is burnt down and this reason alone has led to a large number of forest fires, he said. Conservators are a frustrated lot as about 4,023 hectares came under the newly-planted areas. Around 6,165 hectares of scrub forests suffered fire damage and the count is on.A project to apply GPS systems for management of forests, which included reporting and containing of forest fires, mooted two years ago, has not been executed till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "14176613", "title": "Facebook chief technical officer Bret Taylor quits", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook's chief technical officer Bret Taylor on Friday announced he is leaving the world's leading social network to start a new company with a friend.Taylor revealed the move on his Facebook page less than a month after an initial public offering (IPO) of stock reported to have made millionaires of about a thousand of the California company's employees.\"I've really enjoyed working with Bret and getting to know him as a friend and teammate,\" Facebook founder and chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said in an email response to an AFP inquiry.\"I'm grateful for all he has done for Facebook and I'm proud of what he and his teams have built.\"Taylor cited accomplishments including the \"open graph\" that lets outside websites or applications synch with the social network and mobile products such as Facebook Camera and integration with Apple gadgets.\"I'm sad to be leaving, but I'm excited to be starting a company with my friend Kevin Gibbs,\" Taylor said, not indicating what the new enterprise would be.\"While a transition like this is never easy, I'm extremely confident in the teams and leadership we have in place.\"He referred to Zuckerberg not only as his boss for three years, but as among his closest friends.It is common for startup employees made rich by the initial public offering of stock to depart companies to pursue dreams or new endeavors, according to analysts who anticipated that might happen at Facebook.By far the Internet's dominant social network, Facebook went public on May 18 in a $16 billion share sale, the second largest IPO in the United States ever.The run-up to the sale was marked by bubbly enthusiasm reminiscent of the dot-com era, to the extent that lead underwriter Morgan Stanley agreed to raise the offering price and increase the number of shares issued.But the shares barely held above the $38 introductory price on the opening day and have since fallen, delivering real and paper losses in the billions of dollars to the new investors.Facebook shares rose six percent to close at $30.01 Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14164580", "title": "Fisherfolk get lessons on hi-tech kits", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the trawling ban coming into effect, fishermen in the district are now busy attending the training classes conducted by the fisheries department on proper use of sea kits. A total of 450 lifesaving kits each worth Rs 20,000 have been distributed to fisherfolk so far. The district has received 900 kits worth Rs 1.8 crore.It comprises GPS-enabled search and rescue beacon, first-aid box, life buoy, survival rations, heliograph, radar reflector, emergency flashlight, jack knife, cans and a mariner's compass.The classes are being conducted through the Matsya Bhavan offices at Vellayil, Challiyam, Vadakara and Koyilandy. \"We had earlier distributed more than 300 kits to fishermen. It's the second phase of distribution. The fishermen who were not bothered about the kit so far have now started approaching us due to frequent ship collision mishaps in the sea,'' said C Ahmmed Kutty, deputy director of fisheries. \"We are giving demonstration classes to fishermen who have received the kits,\" said T P Prabhakaran, Mathsya Bhavan officer. The official said that the GPS-enabled beacon will send distress signals to the regional centre of Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) at the time of emergencies.\"These signals will be then redirected to the nearby office of the coast guard, which will launch the rescue operations,\" he said. The survival ration has vitamin biscuits that will help fishermen to stay alive for a few days,'' he said.The safety kits are being distributed as part of the coastal protection measures of the state government. The lifesaving equipment is being distributed through the financial assistance of Tsunami Emergency Assistance Project, Prime Minister's National Relief Fund and Tsunami Rehabilitation Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14169078", "title": "Weapons simple toys for Punjab cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Arrest of Punjab police inspector Atul Soni at Indira Gandhi International Airport ( IGIA ) in Delhi has exposed the fondness towards guns that police officers at all levels of hierarchy have developed. Earlier, half a dozen police officers including two PPS officers had been arrested for possessing ammunition including some prohibited weapons like SLRs, AK-47s, carbines and machineguns.These cops included woman DSP Raka Gira, from whose house in Sector 15, 1,237 live cartridges, a double barrel gun and .32bore German revolver were recovered in July 2011. And, a month after, two AK-47 rifles,.30bore revolver and some cartridges were found in the residence of SP Randhir Singh Uppal in Amritsar. SP Uppal was at the time posted in Hoshiarpur and was caught for accepting bribe, and his residence searched. A senior vigilance bureau officer said, \"A case under the arms Act was registered against Uppal at Amritsar, who had failed to reveal the source of his weaponry.The biggest recovery was made when Chandigarh police team searched the house of former SP Satnam Singh Attwal in Sector 15 and came across a set of complete armory. This was in April 2008 and 303 rifles, .38 bore revolvers and more than 1,450 live cartridges of several prohibited weapons were confiscated. The case is pending in the Sector-17 district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14165709", "title": "Senior citizens extend helping hand to cops", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Close on heels of the alleged custody death of an accused person in Saheed Nagar police station in Bhubaneswar, senior citizens here expressed concern over the unseemly attitude of cops at many police stations. They raised their worry at a meeting with the twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy on Wednesday evening.The senior citizens proposed to the police commissioner to allow them to share the 'may I help you' desks in police stations with police personnel. \"We do not want money. We just want to assist the police, who man the help desks. Presence of designated community police (civilian) at desks would help visitors feel secured,\" said S K Mishra, a senior citizen.Police commissioner Roy admitted that many police stations still bear the stigma of being \"rude\" to visitors. \"We accepted the concern of the senior citizens in the right spirit. Police personnel are being trained to be suave with people. The help desk was an initiative to bridge the gap between the police and the public,\" Roy said.The senior citizens also demanded better police patrolling in the city. SCSCs were initially opened in 10 police stations, five each in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, a few years ago with an objective of providing senior citizens, mostly elderly couples staying alone, with a sense of security and confidence and advising them on safety and security measures.The cells, which already exist in Chandrasekharpur, Kharavel Nagar, Nayapally, Capital and Saheed Nagar police stations, were recently extended to Badagada, Airfield and Khandagiri police stations.The SCSC scheme has so far registered 307 senior citizens in Bhubaneswar, though there are nearly one lakh senior citizens in the city, sources said. Going by the norms of the scheme, the SCSC staff was to ascertain the physical security aspects of the house of senior citizens, mostly those who stay alone. They were also to render suitable advice to senior citizen in terms of installing protective grill fencing, door chains, alarm bell and magic eye, sources said.The city has witnessed a few incidents of attacks on senior citizens in the recent past. While veteran doctor Brahmananda Panda was murdered in July, 2010, a 62-year-old woman was killed by her domestic help in Baramunda HIG Colony on February 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14161225", "title": "Deputy mayor flouts rules, puts up illegal hoarding", "text": "NASHIK: Whenever there is a big event happening in the city, politicians have used it as a forum for putting up hoardings, even if it means flouting the norms set by the civic authorities. This time, during the BJP's state executive meet, it was the turn of none other than deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni to put up illegal hoarding.Among a horde of flags, banners and hoardings was one of Kulkarni, with a large photograph of his, welcoming the delegates to the two-day state meet. Most of these hoardings were put up at Burkule Lawns, the venue of the meet, and Kulkarni also welcomed the delegates by putting up his right in front of the venue.Though the BJP's city unit had taken permission from the civic authorities for putting up hoardings but it far exceeded the numbers for which approval was granted. \"I personally did not take permission but the Cidco division unit president of the party had taken the permission for putting up my hoarding,\" Kulkarni told TOI.But party's Cidco division president Jagan Patil denied having taken any permission for putting up Kulkarni's hoarding. \"I took permission for putting up 10 hoardings but 12 were put up. I did not take permission for the deputy mayor's hoarding,\" he said.Cidco division officer A P Wagh confirmed that more than the permitted number of hoardings was put up by the BJP party leaders. \"The city unit of the BJP had sought permission for 10 hoardings and 300 flags from the Cidco division for two days and had deposited Rs 8,800 for it. The administration pulled down 300 flags and 10 hoardings that were illegally displayed,\" he said.As for the proposed action by the authorities against the illegal hoardings, Wagh said he would look into the matter. \"Today (Friday) morning I went around but all the banners and hoardings were already pulled down,\" he said. The two-day state meet of BJP concluded on Thursday evening. But he declined to comment about any specific action against the deputy mayor, as he was easily identifiable, besides the others who had already pulled down the illegal hoardings.Deputy commissioner D T Gotise said he was not aware of it and he would collect details from division officer Wagh.Earlier, in January, electricity was tapped from Nashik Municipal Corporation's traffic islands without permission for the Nashik Festival organized by the Bhujbal Foundation. After TOI reported the lapse, the municipal corporation and the state power utility had identified the spots and recovered the charges. No action, however, was taken against the organizers for flouting norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174203", "title": "Gala night at the end of summer workshop", "text": "At the conclusion of this three week long summer workshop, held at a premium gym in Sector 8, one thing was certain, a child 'is' the father of man! Going by the performances, both academic and cultural, put up by this clique of 45 kids, adults could definitely learn a thing, or maybe two, from it. A kaleidoscope of developmental and leisure activities, the workshop concluded on Thursday at Punjab Kala Bhawan in the evening and received thundering response from parents proudly watching their kids up on stage.\"Divided into two sections for juniors and seniors, two plays were staged, titled 'Mannobal' and 'Laalach Buri Bala Hai', respectively,\" says Harleen Virk, the coordinator of this workshop, which had kids aged between 4 and 14 years. Just not about entertainment , \"though theatre by itself is a vast learning podium for growing children,\" in the words of Priya Garg, the owner of the venue for the workshop, this event also had a debate category. Also divided into two categories for juniors and the seniors, the topics included 'Should homework be banned?' and 'Should we change our national sport to cricket?'The evening was also interspersed by dance performances including various styles like hip hop, Bollywood and jazz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14181998", "title": "Notification about school board members issued", "text": "PUNE: The delay in finalizing candidates by the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the two posts of the municipal school board of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) have forced the state government to issue a gazette notification about appointment of only 10 elected members on the board. The gazette notification does not have the names of the state government appointed members.The state government issued a gazette notification on Wednesday including the names of 10 elected members as Shirish Jadhavm Nana Shivale, Savita Khule, Chetan Ghule, Dhananjay Bhalekar, Nivrutti Shinde, Vijay Lokhande and Fazal Shaikh of NCP and Lata Ovhal of Republican Party of India(Gavai group), an ally of NCP and Shyam Agarwal of Congress.There are total 13 members in the municipal school board of PCMC, of these 10 are elected, two are nominated by the state government and Zilla Parishad education officer is the ex-officio member.The elections for the 10 posts of members of the board was held on April 30. But the gazette notification was not issued for one and half months. The six year tenure of the current school board expires in July.Reacting to it, Gajanan Chinchawade, member of municipal school board said, \"The new school board will come into existence when the state government issues a gazette notification containing names of all the 13 members of the board. Now a gazette notification of only 10 members of the board has been issued. The state government needs to issue the gazette notification about the remaining three members of the board for the current board to be dissolved.\"There are a large number of aspirants for the two posts of state government appointed members. The Congress and NCP who run the state government jointly have been appointing one member each as the state government appointed member on the school board for the past 8 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "14159266", "title": "Man dies as truck dashes bike in Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: Ritesh Sawant, 27, was killed on the spot when a truck went over him as soon as he fell from his motorcycle after dashing against stray cattle at Canacona on Friday at around 7.45am.According to Canacona police, Sawant, a non-teaching staff member of Shree Mallikarjun college, Canacona, and native of Sawantwada, Canacona, died on the spot at Chaudi, opposite St Theresa high school.Police quoted locals at the site as saying that the stray cattle suddenly entered the road and dashed against the rider. Sawant lost control over the bike, fell on the road and the speeding truck ran over him.Prominent citizens of the taluka have said that authorities should prevent stray cattle from moving on the road.In another incident, a family had a lucky escape after a tree uprooted and crashed on their house at Parvem Agonda on Thursday. According to reports, a teakwood tree got uprooted and fell on the house of Prashant Pagi at Parvem due to incessant rains. Fire department sources said that all inmates inside the house escaped unhurt.In yet another incident, a compound wall belonging to one Santosh Pagi at Palolem was also damaged when a tree got uprooted and crashed on it on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163298", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital surgeries put on hold", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All surgeries planned for the day were put on hold following a day's strike called by 300 nurses at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Sector 32 on Friday. Though the strike was called off in the afternoon, it crippled many services. Everyday 35 surgeries are performed. Though the emergency services were not hit, patient care in the wards was affected.The nursing association had sent its charter of 35 demands to the hospital administration. \"We have agreed to the demands whichever are within our authority. There will be no disciplinary action against the nursing staff which went on strike as they compensated for loss in duty hours by working double shift after the strike was called off,\" said Dr Vipin Kaushal, medical superintendent, GMCH.\"This has set a wrong precedence. When the administration had warned them before going on mass casual leave, taking no action seems awkward and manipulative,\" said a senior faculty.The nurses had been protesting for over a week. Right from silent protests to dharna, wearing batches and going on two-day hunger strike, they finally went in for strike on Friday morning. The nursing associations have been agitating over pay scale and staff shortage. Against 703 posts sanctioned for nurses, only 300 are working at present. One of the major demands of nurses included, allowing central pay scale and central civil service rules. \"We have been assured that within three months all our demands will be fulfilled,\" said Vijay Kumar, president of the nursing association, GMCH.According to the GMCH officials they have already advertised for 400 posts of nurses. \"We had announced no work, no pay when nurses decided to go on strike. But as they joined back by 2 pm and worked in double shift, we will not mark them absent,\" said Dr Kaushal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177109", "title": "Matthew reveals romantic proposal to Camila Alves", "text": "Matthew Mcconaughey reportedly ensured that his proposal to his girlfriend Camila Alves was a moment to remember by burying the diamond engagement ring under a pile of presents.The actor surprised the Brazilian beauty by popping the question on Christmas day.\"It was the last gift to be opened and I wrapped it in seven different boxes so Camila would have to keep unwrapping. She got the ring, I took a knee and asked her to marry me and take my name. After a bit, she conceded... thankfully,\" the Daily Express quoted him as telling People magazine.McConaughey also treated Alves to a vintage-style diamond headpiece and 10-carat earrings to wear on their wedding day last weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158428", "title": "Kamptee Road mega pothole causing traffic jams", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Railways had recently operated a mega block in Nagpur. This problem lasted five days and will smoothen railway traffic. However, a mega pothole on Kamptee Road just at the mouth of a railway underbridge (RuB) near the NIT Transport Plaza is causing inconvenience to travellers and truckers since fifteen days.Eight days ago, the traffic police had intimated the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) but no action has been taken. \"An NMC pipeline has developed a leak as a result of which drivers can't fathom the depth of the pothole. Many vehicles have been damaged in the last few days,\" DCP (Traffic) Jivraj Dabhade told TOI.When TOI visited the spot on Friday evening, there was a half kilometre-long traffic jam. A heavily loaded truck got stuck just near the narrow RuB thereby paralysing traffic for fifteen minutes. Even cyclists were stuck in the traffic. Then truckers going toward Kamptee moved towards Nagpur in reverse gear. This created some space for smaller vehicles, which passed through the bottleneck. However, the trucks and buses were stuck for another fifteen to twenty minutes. Smooth flow of traffic only resumed after 45 minutes.The road under the RuB is cemented but on either side it is the regular tar roads. The pothole is located on the Kamptee side of the cement road patch. Unless you drive very slowly your vehicle will hit the sharp edge of the cement road. The tyres of many trucks get stuck at the cement road edge.Amol Chaudhari, who runs a firm in the adjoining Uppalwadi industrial estate, said that the traffic problem had become acute due to the big pothole. \"Traffic jams during peak hours have become regular. There are two schools in the area and when they start the problem will become more critical,\" said Chaudhari.Slamming government agencies, businessman TS Renu said that had this pothole developed on the road connecting Wardha Road to the airport then it would have been repaired in a day.Corporator of Nari ward Gautam Patil demanded that NMC take immediate steps to fill up the pothole. \"Residents of nearby localities are stuck on the spot for an hour just to travel a kilometre or two.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164368", "title": "An utterly butterly delicious affair", "text": "KOCHI: In those days, he barely had the time to finish the advertisement with the girl with a naughty smile in a red or blue frock, and the catchline in bold letters. The whole city would watch the new Amul hoarding, giving a 'buttery' twist to the issue of the week. Often, before the paint dried on the hoarding, the new advertisement would land at the office of Outdoor Publicity in Kochi.And for Lalu P S, the artist of the firm who painted Kochi's first Amul advertisement, it is a job that he never got bored of, for, the 'utterly butterly ads', laced with satire, were so funny that recreating it was never tedious.\"I joined Outdoor Publicity in 1978 and I painted the first Amul advertisement in the city in 1990. There would be a new ad every week. The firm in Mumbai which created it would send two copies by post -- a colour and a black and white one -- which would be enlarged through our hands. The next ad would reach our Kochi office before we could barely finish the last touches,\" Lalu said.The painter, with assistants, used to start working very early in the morning and finish the work within 24 hours. They were displayed near the Shenoys Theatre and Atlantis. \"There were months when ads were painted five times. Atlantis is the only place in the city where Amul ads are displayed now,\" he said.\"There were many admirers, especially Hindi-speaking people from the Navy, who would stop their vehicles to watch us working. They used to request us to show the paper version and then laugh enjoying the advertisement. Except the 2011 ad, using V S Achuthanandan calling Rahul Gandhi Amul Baby, there were hardly any ads related to Kerala. Themes were mostly related to national politics, Bollywood and sports , but were catchy enough to make passersby stop for a close look,\" Lalu said.Arrival of flex material in 2007 put a full stop to Lalu's career as a painter with the firm.However, the company offered him a job as an office assistant, and he continues to watch new Amul ads arriving every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163182", "title": "On bandobust duty, donning a veil", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a sea of khaki and of sweaty men with handlebar moustaches and bushy beards, a burqa-clad Fatima Begum is the first point of contact for any complainant. Fatima, 23, is a home guard and receptionist at the Madannapet police station, the epicentre of the communal riots in April, and dons the veil even when she steps out for bandobast duty.Much like the many IPC sections that she can rattle off, Fatima is also aware of another fact__ that the dress code she follows could raise questions. So on May 31 when a meeting of all receptionists was held, she forwarded a request to the DCP, South Zone, that she be allowed to wear the burqa at work. Her request was granted. Fatima is one among the 500 women home guards and constables in the city, but possibly the only one who wears the burqa at work. When posted on bandobast duty, she wears it over her uniform.She describes the veil as a garment that protects and as an essential part of her identity. Though her job is largely restricted to the police station, Fatima has also been on bandobast duty. \"My job is such that I come in contact with all kinds of people: thieves, eve teasers, rapists. I figured that the only way I could work without any harassment was by wearing the burqa. I do all the paperwork here and act as a liaison between a complainant and the police officers if they are not in the police station,\" she says. She adds that she was first assigned to the women's police station in Ghansi Bazaar and subsequently transferred to the Madannapet police station in 2008.Preparing for the final year of BA from Dr B R Ambedkar Open University, Fatima, who is married, says that she is the only one in her family to have pursued an education, \"My brothers haven't studied beyond Class X and strongly opposed my working in the police force when I had floated the idea. But now I am one of the breadwinners in the family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14167608", "title": "Now, CCTV for Walled City markets", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first, the entire Hauz Qazi police station area will be under CCTV surveillance. The cops and traders together have installed CCTVs at Chawri Bazar, Ajmeri Bazar and other busy markets vulnerable to a terror attack.Additional CP of central district, Devesh Chandra Srivastava, said the move will also only help in maintaining law and order in the crowded and communally sensitive area. He added that it was difficult to set up CCTVs everywhere as the area is criss-crossed by narrow lanes and has dangling wires, but the project was completed on time with the help of traders' associations.In the first phase, cops have installed four moving and 19 fixed cameras and will add more if needed. The cameras have been installed at all strategic points in Chawri Bazar, Sirkiwalan, Ajmeri Bazar and Peepal Mahadev Market in consultation with local police, the officer said.The project cost\u2014around Rs 10 lakh\u2014was borne by the market associations. The CCTV Control Room will be inside the police station complex and will work round the clock. The project was inaugurated on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158476", "title": "Mayor plans NMC offices in every ward", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole is planning to set up mini administrative offices in every ward like in Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation so that citizens can get their problems solved in their wards itself.Currently, the citizens have to go to the zonal or head offices to register their complaints. \"Problems relating to road, sanitation, water and electricity will be taken care of in these new ward offices. Staffers and officials related to these services will be deployed here,\" he said.In the new two-member ward system, the number of wards has been reduced to 74 from 136. Each ward has between 25,000 and 35,000 people. Each zone has to look after seven to eight wards. Thus, the load at the zone office is quite high.Ward offices will also help ensure proper monitoring of each and every part of it. The two corporators of the ward are also likely to be present there. The system is a great success in Mumbai and few other municipal corporations.\"Whenever I go to a city, I visit the municipal corporations to check out concepts which can be replicated here,\" he said.On distribution of office rooms for political parties, Sole expressed dissatisfaction over non-compliance of his order passed in the general body meeting. \"I had directed the administration to allot office rooms with immediate affect but it has not been done. I am taking the issue seriously,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14168845", "title": "Brahmaputra Board reviews work projects, makes new proposals", "text": "ITANAGAR: The 55th meeting of the Brahmaputra Board was held here on Friday to review the various work projects undertaken by the board and to formulate new proposals for the current financial year. The meeting, which was organized by the state water resource department (WRD), was attended by all the members of northeastern states and chaired by K Yadav, board chairman, and N Kumar, commissioner of the board, official sources informed. The board has undertaken work related to detailed planning and documentation of the enormous water resources of the region, development potential and related problems. This includes preparation of a masterplan, surveys, investigation and preparation of detailed reports on multipurpose projects, drainage-congested areas and anti-erosion schemes.The board is also giving priority to development and utilization of water resources of the Brahmaputra and the Barak Valley for hydro power, navigation, and other beneficial purposes.The assignment also includes preparation of detailed project reports on the dams and other projects identified in the masterplan as approved by the Centre, besides construction and maintenance of the projects and work as proposed in the masterplan.The board will also maintain and operate such dams and aims to have a leadership role in management of the water resources of the Brahmaputra and Barak basins for sustainable development of water resources. It also aims to provide optimum benefits to the people with emphasis on flood control and bank erosion.Earlier, WRD chief engineer L Angu highlighted the problems and issues relating to the floods and erosion in the state, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14168374", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party retains assembly seat", "text": "AURANGABAD: The NCP on Friday retained the Kaij-Ambejogai assembly constituency seat, with its candidate Prithviraj alias Roman Sathe winning the by-elections that were held on June 12 by a margin of over 8,000 votes. Sathe received 85,750 votes and defeated the BJP nominee, Sangita Thombare. The seat was earlier represented by former state minister Vimal Mundada, who died about three months ago. Mundada was a doctor by profession and had started her political career as a BJP MLA from Kaij constituency. She had later switched to the NCP and become a minister in the Congress-NCP government. She was a four time MLA from Kaij.The contest was dubbed as a prestige fight between the state's two political heavyweights - deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and senior BJP leader and Beed MP Gopinath Munde. tnnHowever, Munde failed to prove that he holds clout in his hometown.BJP had full control over the Beed district at one time. It lost ground in the last assembly elections, when it managed to win in just one (Parli Vaijanath) constituency, with NCP holding sway in the remaining five seats. Later, Munde's nephew, MLC Dhananjay Munde, dealt a severe shock to the party and his uncle by fielding his own man in the Parli municipal council chief's election. His candidate won the post with the help of the NCP leadership. Dhananjay then shared the platform with NCP leaders openly, while his father, Pandit Anna Munde, unsuccessfully contested the zilla parishad election as an NCP nominee.The Kaij-Ambejogai by-election had come as an opportunity for Gopinath Munde to settle political scores and he left no stone unturned to try and wrest the seat from the NCP. Pawar also threw his weight behind Sathe. He made NCP ministers campaign for Sathe and ensured that two ministers from Beed camped in the region to ensure a victory for their candidate.\"This is a victory for Ajit Pawar, under whose guidance all the NCP leaders in Beed joined hands to ensure that the party retains the seat,\" Ashok Dak, NCP's Beed unit chief told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176870", "title": "Beyonce reveals inspiration behind Blue Ivy\u2019s name", "text": "Beyonce Knowles posted an excerpt of the 2005 novel by Rebecca Solnit on her Tumblr account, on Wednesday, to tell her curious fans of the inspiration behind her baby's unusual name, Blue Ivy Carter .The singer, who is married to rapper Jay-Z, gave birth to their first child in January. \"The world is blue at its edges and in its depths,\" the New York Daily quoted the excerpt. \"This blue is the light that got lost. Light at the end blue end of the spectrum does not travel the whole distance from the sun to us. It disperses among the molecules of the air, it scatters in the water. Water is colorless, shallow water appears to be the color of whatever lies underneath it, but deep water is full of this scattered light, the purer the water the deeper the blue.\"The sky is blue for the same reason, but the blue at the horizon, the blue of the land that seems to be dissolving into the sky, is a deeper, dreamier, melancholy blue, the blue at the farthest reaches of the places where you see for miles, the blue of distance. This light does not touch us, does not travel the whole distance, the light that gets lost, gives us the beauty of the world, so much of which is in the color blue,\" it read.Speculation has been rife about the origin of Beyonce's baby name. Many fans believed that 'Blue' is a nod to the 42-year-old hip hop artist's personal penchant for the hue - he released three Blueprint albums in the last few years, and once rapped that his 'favorite hue is Jay-Z blue', on the track ' Go Crazy '.The 30-year-old R and B singer is frequently spotted around town with blue-painted nails and blue-hued jewelry as homage to her tiny tot. \"Ivy\" reportedly references the number four, or I-V in Roman numerals - an important symbol in the siger couple's relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14164434", "title": "He\u2019s got a taste for noble cognacs", "text": "LUDHIANA: On a large TV screen, Chris Gayle is plundering runs at his courtyard in Bangalore during an IPL match, sending the white round leather with the lofty touches off his bat. Soaked in a heavy cocktail of entertainment at the end of the Jamaican's 32-run heist off one over, a euphoric Sameer Tandon sneaks his way into the bar next to his living room in Sarabaha Nagar, rattling off names of a few French barons.\"The greatest strokes of this fine invention must be coupled with a dash of nobility,\" says Tandon, one of the leading exporters in Ludhiana, during an idle moment of the match. Amidst his neatly lined Glenfiddichs, Glenlivets and Laphroaigs, he settles for a drop-shaped bottle with a red gold liquid inside it -- Jean-Baptiste Antoine Otard. \"It's a cognac from the French region of the same name,\" he tells.The bottle is first opened to sniff the floral notes and touches of leaves. There are sharper hints of tobacco and vanilla as well. Tandon is a fussy Bacchus lover therefore, as a perfunctory routine, his favourite measuring peg called \"jigger\" must be put on the table beside the drink to be consumed. \"Call me a sucker for details or whatever. But, these inventions must be respected. I have never had my drink without an exact measurement. It's simple I don't drink beyond my capacity,\" he drives his point home.The aromas work and there is a fine film that slowly runs down the glass, a process that is funnily called \"weeping\". Otard VSOP (very superior old pale) is an exclusive aperitif or an after drink, at least 8-year-old beaux-de-vie blended with maximum 10-year-old cognac. Cognacs are produced in the wine-growing regions of France surrounding the town from which they take their name. Due to their wine-like nature, they are still unpopular in a country that depends mostly on whiskies, vodkas and beers.For someone who was always a whisky fan, even Tandon says it hasn't been easy to find a taste for these grape varieties. But his frequent visits to France to meet buyers lured him to collect these brandies.\"Not that I don't love my malts any more, but I have developed a rule of my own: Scotches for parties and cognacs, champagnes for personal gratification,\" says Tandon as he swirls his Otard in a snifter. Even as his prized Scotches jostle for space on the bar counter, a quarter of his cupboard hides some of the fine cognacs from France.There are Remy Martins, Martells and more of Otard variations. But, then they are only opened depending on the exclusivity of occasion. \"May be when Kohli scores a ton, I will quaff another member of that French lineage,\" says Tandon, as he leaves his bar for the rest of the Gayle spectacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159065", "title": "'Need to preserve state's identity'", "text": "MARGAO: Former NRI commissioner Eduardo Faleiro and former contestant from Saligao constituency Trajano D'Mello urged the state government to seize the opportunity for seeking an amendment of Article 371 of the Constitution.A host of political leaders including Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, BJP spokesperson Damodar Naik highlighted the need to preserve the identity of the state at a workshop on 'Preserving Goan Identity (Goenchi Osmitai) under Article 371' organized by Asha Family Responsibilities &amp; Rights Association in Margao on Friday.'Under the special provisions of Article 371, it would be permissible for Goa to enact a legislation of restricting outsiders from indiscriminately buying Goa's land', especially agricultural land, which he said was a scarce resource. Faleiro added that the state government should pressurize the central government to pass the amendment while claiming that the erstwhile government had also pushed for the same.Faleiro further said that with increasing property rates, it was getting difficult for an average Goan to buy land which was a violation of their fundamental right to shelter. Calling the Goa housing board lethargic, Faleiro said a strategy ought to be devised to provide affordable housing to low and medium income groups. \"This can be done through an efficient housing board, interest rate subsidies and other financialpolicies devised to make housing affordable for all,\" Faleiro said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176781", "title": "Now, celebs post sans-makeup pictures online", "text": "More and more celebs are increasingly putting up their make up-free pictures on social networksPaparazzi pictures on stars sans make up made their clickers big money. Not anymore. Stars have literally taken matters into their own hands by putting up their greasepaint-free pics on their social networking accounts. While some are praised for their courage, others are appreciated for looking good in spite of that.Lady Gaga's 'normal' picture posted on her microblogging page turned many heads. Fans wondered how the Mother Monster decided to do without the voluminous layers of make up and mascara, and go public with the look. Image, after all, is everything.As is wont with any trend, a slew of celebrities followed suit. Most notably, Rihanna , Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi, Kim Kardashian , Nicole Scherzinger , Katie Price and Annalyne McCord. Demi Lovato called the picture she posted the \"Dominic Purcell-look,\" after her boyfriend, who she said encourages her to flaunt her natural beauty. Russell Brand posted a make up-free snap of ex-wife Katy Perry . The Bollywood brigade took cue with Sonakshi Sinha and Sonam Kapoor posting personal pictures as well.Social media has become a place for stars not just to interact with their fans but also allow them to see a part of them that's personal and intimate. Principal media analyst Brian Solis said this about the fascination of such photos from Hollywood: \"It's human nature. There's a level of mystique to celebrity, and social media can either add to it or take away from it. More celebrities are realising this and jumping on the au naturel-twitpic bandwagon.\"Make up expert Marvie Beck feels that this trend will surge in time. She says, \"I think it's great that celebrities are giving their fans a glimpse at their natural look. Though it's more of a Hollywood phenomenon, I feel that a lot of our actresses will follow suit. Kareena has flawless skin and looks fabulous even without make up. However, I don't expect them to attend an event or be seen in the public eye sans their greasepaint. I feel the reason behind putting up such pictures is to let people know that even though they are celebrities, they too are normal human beings like us.\"Make up artist Clint Fernandes adds, \"I don't think many of our Bollywood actors are that daring. A few like Priyanka, Sonam and Sonakshi have put up their no make up photos. But on the whole, even male actors don't leave the house without their make up, even if it is to go to the shop to buy something. However, I feel the trend is a way of letting fans realise that celebs are real people as well, and there is a regular part to them like all of us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "14162446", "title": "Vanpic 'mud' fails to stop Balineni's victory", "text": "ONGOLE: The Congress party's Vanpic ploy boomeranged on its candidate Magunta Parvathamma, who scored third position, as YSR CP candidate and former minister Balineni Srinivasa Reddy romped home with an improved victory margin.\"People rejected all their charges against me on the Vanpic issue. In fact, we made the promoter to purchase the land at Rs 1 lakh-1.4 lakh per acre where the going rate was just Rs 20,000 per acre. People taught a fitting lesson to the Congress and TDP for their false campaign,\" Balineni told TOI soon after winning the seat. He won the seat with 27,476 votes, almost 4000 more than what he got in the previous election. While Balineni got 77,125 votes, his nearest rival Damacharla Janardhan of TDP got 49,649 votes. Parvathamma secured just 23,020 votes, much below the majority of Balineni.Then YSR regime had acquired more than 6,000 acres of land from the local farmers including dalits of Ongole assembly segment and handed it over to the controversial Vadarevu, Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor (VANPIC) in 2008. In all, the government allocated about 12,000 acres of land to the Vanpic project. After the CBI arrested Vanpic promoter and industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad last month, the Congress went on the offensive on the project.Rural development minister Dokka Manikyavaraprasad upped the ante on the issue by writing to the chief minister with a demand to cancel the Vanpic deal. Curiously, a couple of weeks after Prasad's arrest, the CBI suddenly summoned then infrastructure minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who was found to have played a key role in the land allocations to the project. After a day's grilling, CBI arrested Mopidevi in connection with the Vanpic deal leaving the Congress activists in a spot.Balineni woos Congress legislatorsIn a statement to woo the fence-sitters, YSR Congress Party leader and newly elected Ongole legislator Balineni Srinivasa Reddy said those who have heart for late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy should dump the Congress and join them immediately. Buoyed with the triumphant win, Balineni, who quit the cabinet to joint Jagan bandwagon two years ago, said the YSR CP would score a landslide victory in the next general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14159886", "title": "Fresh lodged against former state BJP chief", "text": "SASARAM: While a special team of Rohtas district police is camping in the state capital for the last three days for arresting former state BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh in connection with illegal stone quarrying, one more FIR was lodged against Singh with the Muffasil police station on Friday under the Explosives Act.The FIR was lodged on the complaint of ASI Kamalesh Prasad after the confessional statements of three arrested workers by the police. It was the fourth criminal case lodged against Singh in the last four months.Sources said that during a major drive against illegal stone quarrying in Kaimur hills launched by Rohtas SP on Thursday, police arrested five workers from the area for illegal quarrying. Explosive items were also recovered from the stone quarry. In their confessional statement, the workers claimed that the explosive items were owned by Singh. After this, the police lodged a named FIR against him. The police had recovered 3,000 detonators and other explosives in huge quantity on Thursday during the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158380", "title": "Leak forces Nagpur Municipal Corporation hospital to shut ward", "text": "NAGPUR: The unhygienic conditions at Nagpur Municipal Corporation-run hospitals are raising a stink. The Indira Gandhi Hospital was forced to shut down one of its two wards because of leak in a toilet. The two-decade-old hospital caters to maternity patients and people with minor ailments like fever, cough etc. At present it has two wards - one is an exclusive maternity ward and the other a general ward.Despite repeated complaints about the leak, none from the NMC departments paid heed, health officer at the hospital Dr Swati Matkare told NMC hospital committee member Dr Uma Gathibandhe who visited the hospital to review the facilities there on Friday. Dr Matkare said that leakage from the toilet on the third floor of the four-storey building has forced them to close the ward. She said the risk persists on the second floor from where the water is still seeping from electric junction box. If the problem was not attended to soon, there could be a fire due to electric short-circuit or someone may suffer electric shock.Dr Matkare said the leakage started as the pipeline was very old and that \"repair won't help improve the situation and replacement of pipeline is the only solution.\"Similarly, electric cables at the hospital also need replacement. Dr Gathibandhe was shocked when told that there was only one toilet in general ward where both female and male patients are admitted. \"The door of the toilet is also in a bad shape. This definitely creates problems for indoor patients,\" she felt.\"The 84-bed hospital needs immediate attention,\" Dr Gathibandhe told TOI after the visit. TOI had reported that the sonography machine at Pachpaoli maternity hospital was defunct for five years. Here too the sonography machine, procured two decades ago, is lying defunct, the corporator added.She expressed concern that despite huge rush of patients, the hospital had only four doctors and an equal number of para-medical staff. Dr Gathibandhe stressed the need to increase manpower. Even though the hospital has one generator, it requires another one exclusively for operation theatre, she added. She said she would discuss the problems of corporation-run hospitals and clinics with the mayor next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14168944", "title": "Garbage Fire Turns Perungudi into a gas chamber", "text": "Latest ambient air quality levels measured at the Pallikaranai marsh, a reserve forest in which the corporation disposes garbage, and at the Perungudi dump yard nearby show an alarming increase in pollution levels with potentially disastrous consequences for thousands of families in the area.A survey by the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) on Tuesday, after a series of fires in Pallikaranai in the recent past, showed that levels of respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM )wereover twice the maximum permissible limit of 100 micrograms per cubic meter (g /m\u00b3).TNPCB officials on Tuesday recorded a shocking RSPM level of 216 g /m\u00b3 in Perungudi,one of the city's two major dump yards; the other is in Kodungaiyur. The survey, conducted between 10 am and 6 pm, recorded a RSPM level of 188 g /m\u00b3 near Pallikaranai. Residents of these localities and environmentalists said the pollution data was not an accurate reflection of theintensity of pollution as the study was carried out four days after the most recent fire at Pallikaranai on Friday. Fires frequently break out at both Pallikaranai and Perungudi during summer, covering surrounding neighbourhoods in a blanket of dense smoke. Residents say they are prone to respiratory problems because of the smoke. Sometimes the smoke is so thick that it reduces visibility to a few feet and brings traffic to a halt on Velachery Main Road that runs alongside the western fringe of the Pallikaranai marsh.A TNPCB official said the study was conducted in three locations at Pallikaranai. \"The first sample, taken 50 metres from the dump yard,had an RSPM levelof 144g /m\u00b3,\" the official said. \"Another sample taken from the Centre for Wind Energy Technology nearby recorded an RSPM level of 188 g / m\u00b3.\" At Ram Nagar, a highly populated residential area behind Pallikaranai, board officials recorded an RSPM level of only 88 g / m\u00b3 because the wind direction carried the smoke in the opposite direction. But people were choking in Perungudi. \"We measured the RSPM at 216 g /m\u00b3 in the locality,\" a senior TNPCB engineer said, adding that having your house filled with such polluted air is like being trapped in a gas chamber. A senior TNPCB official said the board had handed over the pollution data to the Corporation of Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14173588", "title": "Man murdered over illicit relation", "text": "NAGPUR: A 24-year-old man, working as driver, was brutally thrashed before being stabbed to death at Martin Nagar in Jaripatka on Friday night. Leo John was returning home when the assailants zeroed down upon him.It has come to fore in the preliminary investigation that John had an illicit affair with a neighbour. John's ladylove's husband, Nicholas Alexander, had been objecting to the so-called affair of his wife with the deceased. Police said the illicit relation had triggered enmity between John and Alexander.John collapsed at the spot after being assaulted with rods and knives. Sources in the police station claimed that Alexander and his accomplices soon fled the spot after the incident. The family of the deceased alerted the Jaripatka police station.The cops are yet to make any arrest in the case. Names of the culprits have already come to fore, said a police official. The police has launched a manhunt for the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "yamunanagar ", "code": "14169264", "title": "ASI held under PC Act in Yamunanangar", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR : An assistant sub inspector(ASI) was arrested for allegedly forcing a resident to pay Rs 2 lakh while threatening him to implicate in a case of attempt to murder.Baldev Singh, an errant ASI was booked in a case under prevention of Corruption (PC) Act registered against him at Farukhpur police station, where he was posted till Thursday.The court on Friday ordered judicial remand for him.Enquiries revealed that Baldev Singh was booked in the complaint lodged against him by Vijay Kumar , a resident of Prithi Nagar colony of Farukhpur, a semi -urban township of the district.Quoting contents of complaint and first information report (FIR) Inspector Pritam Singh, the investigating officer (IO) of the case said three members of Vijay's family were named as accused in an attempt to murder case.He had sought Rs 2 lakh from Vijay for exonerating three members of his family. According to complaint, Baldev had threatened to make things tougher for them (accused) if the said amount was not paid.Meanwhile, Vijay approached the police and a case was registered after verifying the facts,\" said Pritam Singh SHO, Farukhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14165665", "title": "Monsoon likely to hit state in 3 to 4 days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pre-monsoon shower during Raja festival on Friday perked up the festivities, while offering the much needed respite from sweltering heat. Rain during Raja is considered a good omen.\"The hot and humid weather seemed to be a damper for the festival. But timely rain has brought back cheer in our life,\" said Namita Sahu, a housewife.The state capital received 22.8 mm rainfall on Friday. With cool breeze replacing the heat wave after the rain, the mercury level was lowered substantially. Weathermen predicted more rain or thundershower in the city in the next 24 hours.In a sad development, however, a man died of lightning in Niladribihar area in the city. Sources said one Sudarshan Behera, who would be around 50 years old, died in the afternoon thundersquall.Met sources said several other places in the state also received pre-monsoon showers, lowering the mercury. Titlagarh, Bolangir, Gopalpur, Jharsuguda and Rourkela, among other places, received the much needed shower.However, the state has to wait for a few more days for the monsoon. \"It should hit the state by another three to four days,\" said local meteorological centre director Sarat Chandra Sahu. The progress of southwest monsoon approaching towards Odisha was delayed due to an unfavourable condition, he said.He said the pre-monsoon showers and thunderstorm activitieswill continue till the arrival of the monsoon. Nevertheless, Titlagarh recorded the day's highest temperature of 42.5 degree Celsius in the state on Friday, followed by Hirakud at 42.2 degree Celsius. Besides, the mercury hovered over 40 degree Celsius in at least five more places in the state -- Talcher (41.4 degree Celsius), Bhubaneswar (41.3), Bhawanipatna (41.0), Angul (40.3) and Malkangiri (40).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14178789", "title": "High power transformer catches fire", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as day time temperature witnessed a continuous rise, around 200 villages in Bulandhshahar district plunged into a severe power crisis after a 132 KV transformer in Jahangirabad locality caught fire on Saturday morning.According to reports, the high capacity transformer was the crucial installation engaged in transmission of power to the city and the nearly localities. Reports said that the oil of the transformer had caught fire which resulted in aggravating the problem.Around 4 fire tenders were also pressed into service to douse the burning transformer on the day but that hardly had any impact. UPPCL officials said that a new transformer will be installed in the place to ease out the power crisis.The quality of transformers has been in question for quite some time with the UP electricity regulatory commission raising its ante. Sources that the issue of the high power transformer catching fire may also be raised at the commission which would refer the case to the quality control committee headed by IIT-K professor SC Srivastava.UPPCL officials said that the demand for power has been touching an all time high in the recent times. It was possibly the high load on the transmission transformer that resulted in the crisis.Meanwhile, four persons received grievous injuries after an electrical wire fell over them in Kundarki locality of Moradabad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14165938", "title": "Goons' bid to free Bishnoi 'misfired'", "text": "JAIPUR: Bishna Ram Bishnoi, a key accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, was the main target of the 15-member gang that opened fire at the high court premises on Thursday. The cohorts had planned a custodial escape of their leader Bishna Ram but ended up picking Kailash Jakhar. They wanted to free him for finalizing an illegal deal of land worth Rs 2 crore.This was revealed by one of the arrested members of the gang in the preliminary interrogation on Friday.Police, in its investigation, found that the gang had planned out the firing in the Osian village of Jodhpur.\"The members had even planned their deployment inside and outside the court premises,\" said a senior police officer of Jodhpur police commissionerate.Preliminary investigation suggested that the gang members had planned the escape of their 'boss' since the gang had taken a contract of illegally possessing a 22 bigha land at Basni village in Jodhpur. \"The gang was promised Rs 2 crore as their commission for ensuring the possession of the said land which was worth nearly Rs 20 crore,\" the officer added.According to the police, Hanuman Ram Bishnoi, who was arrested on Thursday, has claimed they had planned the custodial escape of Bishna Ram Bishnoi to finalise the deal.\"One more assailant involved in firing was arrested on Friday evening. The accused was identified as Ranveer,\" said Rahul Prakash, deputy commissioner of police (east), Jodhpur.The Jodhpur police added that at least four others were detained to know the whereabouts of fleeing accused Kailash Jakhar.A 15-member member gang made its way into the Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan high court on Thursday and fired before making off with Kailash Jakhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14173544", "title": "Sushmita Sen-Kamal Haasan\u2019s admiration club", "text": "This may well qualify as one of the unlikeliest (and most unconventional) friendships in the film industry. Considering only some years ago, Sushmita Sen and Kamal Haasan couldn't see eye-to-eye and weren't even on speaking terms, it comes as a surprise to learn that today, they are the best of friends.So much so that he makes it a point to spend time with Sushmita and her daughters whenever he visits Mumbai and she in turn, consults him on all important matters pertaining to her scripts as well as parenting.Guess with both of them bringing up their daughters and sharing the same passion for cinema, it gives them common ground enough for interaction. Explaining how they became close, a common friend revealed, \"Both Sushmita and Kamal were planning epic international historicals. Sush was planning Rani Laxmibai andKamal was going ahead fullsteam with Marmyogi. It started with each wanting to cast the other in their film. Kamal almost became a script consultant for Sush's dream project. Eventually though, both projects got shelved. What survived was the bonding between Sush and Kamal. She now looks up to him for advice and guidance in many areas of her life.\"The latest being Sush, who has a deep fascination for languages and knows a smattering of many including French, is learning Tamil from Kamal and insists on sending all her sms messages to her mentor in Tamil. \"Sush is an extremely fast learner. Considering she's Bengali and speaks in English and Hindi, Tamil should have been out of her orbit. But no. She insisted on learning the language right from scratch. Now she speaks Tamil and sends Kamal sms messages in the language,\" the friend told TOI.And that's not all. Kamal is now keen that Sush should quit smoking. \"Whenever they were in a serious discussion, Sushmita would take 'smoke breaks', excusing herself from the room. She wouldn't smoke in front of him. That really amused Kamal that she should be so apologetic about smoking in her own house. He decided he would help her kick the butt. Having been a smoker himself, he had first-hand experience. He is guiding Sush in kicking the habit, step by step.\"When contacted, both Kamal Haasan and Sushmita Sen chose not to elaborate on their special friendship, saying it was too personal to be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181553", "title": "Kim Kardashian loves older Kanye West", "text": "Kim Kardashian , who is now dating rapper Kanye West , has said that one of the things that attracts her to him is the fact that he is older than her.Oprah Winfrey asked the reality star questions about her controversial love life for her 'Oprah's Next Chapter' episode featuring the Kardashian family.\"Before, all my boyfriends were younger. I always dated 5 years younger,\" Us Magazine quoted her as telling the talk show host.\"Now I just love that I'm with someone that's a couple years older than me,\" she said.After 72 days of marriage, Kardashian, 31, filed for divorce from Kris Humphries , 27, on October 31, 2011 after an over-the-top televised wedding.In March, Kardashian began dating West, 35, and she tells Winfrey that their age difference is a very good thing.Kardashian said that she's \"totally growing up\" after her divorce and surrounds herself with friends who are older and wiser.\"I feel like I've had an epiphany over the past year from what I've been through and I am that changed person just from my own experiences,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14167128", "title": "Devotees log on to social sites for Rath Yatra invites", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Followers of Lord Jagannath are going all out to woo pilgrims from across the country and abroad for the June 21 Rath Yatra in Puri. Social networking sites such as Facebook and Orkut have become the latest tool to invite pilgrims and spread the message of Lord Jagannath in every nook and cranny of the world.\"We received tremendous response from devotees in overseas countries on the social networking sites. Many of them have started making preparations to visit Puri,\" said Janardan Das, a Puri-based devotee.Janardan and his friends , who belong to Gaudiya Vaishnav Sampraday, launched a campaign on Rath Yatra on Facebook recently. \"We posted nice templates and itinerary of the nine-day mega festivity and invited Jagannath followers across the globe to participate in the event,\" Janardan said.Though the Gaudiya devotees would not pull any separate chariot, they would organize religious processions, sankitran and parikrama by serenading on roads in Puri.\"Those devotees, who expressed their inability to attend the Rath Yatra due to some compelling situations, have requested us to upload images and video clippings of the car festival on the social networking sites,\" Bansibardhan Das, another devotee said.The state government is giving finishing touches to its preparations for webcasting the Rath Yatra live on www.jagannath.nic.in. The national informatics center (NIC) is providing the technical knowhow to the Jagannath temple administration in webcasting the mega festival.\"Our preparations have reached the final stage. People across the world can watch the live coverage of chariot pulling on the site,\" NIC's technical director R N Behera said.The state government launched the live webcast of car festival five years ago. \"We have roped in a television channel and would receive feed from it to webcast the festival on internet,\" the officer said.Jagannath temple authorities said a number of TV channels are lined up to telecast the live proceeding of Rath Yatra. The administration had planned to impose restriction on the live coverage of the festival and wanted the channels to share their revenue with the temple. However it scrapped the proposal subsequently and allowed channels to telecast the festival live for free.People across the world can watch the live coverage of chariot pulling on www.jagannath.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14167189", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority plans to develop footpaths on major Jaipur roads", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to facilitate hassle-free movement for pedestrians, the Jaipur Development Authority is planning to develop footpaths on major city roads.In this regard, the Jaipur Development Authority's engineering wing has been directed to prepare a status report on city roads on the basis of which the design for the footpaths will be drafted.JDA chief engineer Lalit Sharma said, \"The footpaths will be designed according to the road width and the vehicular movement. The plan for footpath on every city road will be different.\"The engineering wing will also seek assistance of the traffic department to get an estimation of the traffic plying on various routes.According to the officials, the designs will be prepared with the aim to avoid vehicular congestion and provide swift passage to pedestrians. \"As per the rules, the actual height of the footpath from the road should be at least six to eight inches. However, on major roads two types of footpaths will be developed,\" said officials.Roads which witness more pedestrian movement will have footpath constructed at a height of two meters. Roads with more vehicular traffic will have footpaths constructed at a lesser height and may have a ramp for car parking.\"On the first model road, Bhavani Singh lane, footpaths of both kinds will be constructed,\" said officials.Similarly, both types of footpaths will be developed for the road connecting Statue Circle to Tonk Road and the one in front of the Central Park. The footpath at a lower height will be used for parking cars while the other one will be used by pedestrians.For several roads recently repaired, the JDA plans to reduce the height of the existing footpaths. The median of some roads will be increased to ensure that the traffic from the opposite direction do not jump the lane.\"The contractors will be responsible to develop the footpaths on roads that are repaired and constructed recently. The authority will not be paying them extra for developing the footpath,\" an official said.The JDA's decision to develop footpaths has delighted pedestrians. \"With the traffic congestion increasing every day, it is important to develop a proper plan to avoid accidents. Pedestrians and cyclists are always at a risk of being hit by a car or a heavy vehicle. Their safety should also be given due consideration,\" said Ravi Jain, a junior engineer with a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14159963", "title": "Tapi water sports project incharge removed", "text": "SURAT: Surat municipal commissioner MK Das has removed MD Daruwala, the chief of central zone, from the water sports project planned in the upstream of Tapi river. Daruwala was removed for causing considerable delay in the project, which is the first of its kind in the state.Das has given the responsibility for overseeing this project to Ketan Patel, additional city engineer and chief of the Rander zoneAs the diamond city lacks entertainment and leisure activities, civic body had initiated the water sport project in the upstream of Tapi river at weir-cum-causeway at Rander in 2009. In all, 12 water sports activities including speed boating, surfing, water skiing, parasailing among others was planned. Since 2009, only 30 per cent of the work was done on the ground like setting up of ramps, stairs and public space for viewing the water sports activities at the weir-cum-causeway.Even as the infrastructure was not fully ready, Daruwala acquired boats, safety kits and other necessary equipments required for conducting the water sports activities. A fleet of water sport equipments like the speed boats, kayaking boats, motor boats, water scooters have been dumped in the corner of the garden near the weir-cum-causeway at Singanpore and they are all gathering dust.Even a Goa-based firm, which was selected for operations and maintenance of the project has left the civic body in the lurch due to some technical and other issues like fixing the fee charges. Patel said, \"We intend to complete the project by this year-end. I will ensure that there is no further delay in the execution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "blurb", "code": "14165376", "title": "Citizenship and politics are two sides of the same coin", "text": "BLURB: Ashwin Mahesh, urban expert and the candidate who contested the legislative council election from Bangalore Graduates constituency unsuccessfully, says the 4,000 plus votes he got are proving to be a catalyst for much moreThe formal record will show that I lost the MLC election, and surely that is disappointing. I won't deny that. But there are a number of positives from the election campaign that give me hope.First, we won as many votes in the city as any of the major parties, who received votes from the satellite towns around Bangalore as well. We certainly need to expand the base for citizen politics into the countryside too, but I'm certain that as we do that, the returns at the ballot box will also improve.Immediately, we must look ahead to the assembly elections, which are only a few months away. Clearly, no party is in a position to win enough votes to form the government on its own, and this presents a great opportunity for 'good governance' voters. Every campaign henceforth must lead to higher and higher vote shares for the kind of politics we want, and our entire efforts must focus on delivering this growth. It is doable, and necessary for the good of our city, state and country.Second, the 4,000+ votes I got in the election are proving to be a catalyst for much more. From all around the state, I have received calls of support and encouragement, and even suggestions that I should contest the assembly too. It is too soon to make that decision; however, there should be no doubt that across the city and elsewhere in Karnataka too we will mount a campaign for the same new politics that made the MLC contest so compelling.These apart, we must never forget why we hold elections. Politics only makes sense if it is strongly connected to tackling the social, economic and developmental challenges that we face. Anyone can lust for power; indeed, there is no shortage of such persons. But real service to the people comes from understanding their problems and diligently working to address them. I urge the thousands of people who voted for me, as well as many other well-wishers, to become part of the ecosystem of problem solving that is taking shape in the city.In many neighbourhoods there are now groups working to solve solid waste problems, to keep the roads cleaner, and to make many other civic things happen as they should. Each one of us can and must connect to this evolving trend, and in doing so we will help accelerate it. In recent years we have improved bus systems, helped streamline and computerise traffic enforcement, cleaned lakes etc. These efforts must become a permanent part of our lives, so that the city is always improving, always looking to the future with hope.We must also address the major problems which no one in government seems to notice --- the need for good quality jobs for a rising population, and the need for affordable and proper housing. These are not simple problems, and they cannot be fixed by political promises or administrative fiat alone. We must apply ourselves in policy, legislative and executive roles, and also as citizens, to solving these problems. Political power will follow, naturally and deservedly, from that.QUOTEI urge the thousands of people who voted for me, as well as many other well-wishers, to become part of the ecosystem of problem solving that is taking shape in the city''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14165132", "title": "Ludhiana industrialists bowled over by Chinese hospitality", "text": "LUDHIANA: The machine tools industrialists of the city, who are on a five-day visit to China to attend the China International Machine Tool &amp; Tools Exhibition (CNMTC) from June 12-16, were given a red carpet welcome by the China National Machine Tool Corporation. The 37-member delegation is in Beijing under the banner of Chamber of Industrial and commercial undertakings (CICU).Upkar Singh, CICU joint secretary, on Friday said, \"Punjab Industry is in a transition phase and is supported by the vast domestic and international demand. The trend will continue and result in strong and ongoing demand for high precision and technology machinery tools. The need of the hour is to source most innovative products, technologies and solutions from China and other leading players of the world to improve manufacturing efficiency and sharpen competitive edge by use of cost-effective tools in their respective units in the state.\"Yue Wang, vice president of CNMTC and other key officials facilitated the delegation and offered assistance to explore and expand mutually beneficial business relationship. He said the CNMTC was a professional corporation dealing with import and export of machine tool and technical equipment support.Avtar Singh, CICU general secretary, said the interaction was a great opportunity for the CICU to meet their Chinese counterparts, exchange views and cement business ties. This will also deepen bilateral understanding and cooperation to upgrade industrial relations to a higher level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14179897", "title": "Dil Garden Garden catches online fancy", "text": "Within 24 hours of its online release, 'Dil Garden Garden', the first released track of the sex-com Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum has become quite the talking point. The song took Twitter by storm as it was trending online and was more talked about than the current political and business developments. In fact, everyone from Karan Johar to Sunny Leone, could not stop discussing the track.Music composer Sachin (of Sachin-Jigar) was blessed with the best birthday gift, as his sole composition on the 'Kya Super Kool...' soundtrack, met with such an overwhelming response. The funky video, choreographed by Bosco-Caesar, has been lauded for its energy, colour and 'kool' retro look. Anupam Kher summed up the response to the track in a short but sweet tweet: 'Jai Ho'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180383", "title": "Being selected for Lavu Ka Lath was memorable: Hemlata", "text": "With the release of Lavu ka Lath emerged a new talent- Hemlata Bane. Although she has been with the Marathi entertainment Industry for a very long time, but with her rock solid performance in the movie she has won many hearts. Although she was selected purely out of luck, through her acting capabilities she has proved that the chance was worth taking.In an interview she revealed that she had done many Marathi movies in lead role before this, but this is the movie which got her recognition. She remembers that the day she was chosen for her role in the movie she was on cloud 9. It was one of the most memorable day of her life.Hemlata has many more movies in her kitty, where again she is going to leave her audience spell bound with her acting skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14158828", "title": "Do more about illegal mining: Activists to CM", "text": "The BJP government has rung in administrative changes and showered a few populist but useful schemes in 100 days, but activists and environmentalists say it has to pull its socks up on regulating mining and rectifying the long-pending Regional Plan (RP) 2021.The Parrikar government had said it would scrap RP 2021 and draw up a new one within six months. Goa Bachao Abhiyan ( GBA) and other activists had expected the government to kickstart the rectification process in the last three months. \"At least the guidelines for rectifying it could have been formulated and public hearings could have begun,\" Sabina Martins says.Terming the order to keep RP 2021 on hold while enforcing RP 2001 and assuring protection to eco-sensitive zones as a vague one, Martins says, \"The town and country planning department, in a rider, will still issue approvals for development.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar says the delay on RP 2021 is inevitable due to the election code of conduct for 45 days for the May panchayat polls. \"The period post it was too small to do anything,\" he says.John Philip Pereira of Village Groups of Goa says some are prepared to offer the government an additional six months' concession. \"The code of conduct did come in the way,\" he says. \"But the government should come out clearly on the issue of holding RP 2021 and enforcing RP 2001 under certain terms,\" he adds.On the mining front, some environmentalists are unimpressed by the government's handling of the issue. \"As far as mining is concerned, there is not much of a change,\" Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation says. \"The mess on the road from Molem to Usgao can still be seen and trucks are moving without proper documentation,\" he adds.Agreeing with him, Ramesh Gauns, a social activist, says several issues on the backburner for over 20 years need to be tackled on priority. \"The government needs to spell out its commitment on Western Ghats and the proposal of the Mhadei tiger reserve,\" Gauns says. A passive approach can prove costly for the environment, he adds.Parrikar says the requirements of protecting environment and development for economic needs will have to be balanced. The government has initiated steps to regulate mining activity by initiating the process of coding of mining trucks and fixing sensors on the gates of mines and jetties.The 90-odd mining leases in operation were granted from 1929 onwards. \"The government should survey the lease areas, as few have exceeded their limits into forest areas,\" Gauns says.Activists and environmentalists have listed some priorities for the government. The chief minister had raised a din against illegal mining as an opposition leader and assured to blow the lid off the public accounts committee (PAC) report, which former assembly speaker Pratapsingh Rane had declined to lay on the table of the house during the last session in 2012. \"Parrikar should make the contents public,\" Gauns says.Large chunks of forests rich in bio-diversity have also to be brought under the protective cover as private forests. \"If the present government too continues to neglect the same issue, then it can be termed as the two sides of same coin (former Digambar Kamat-led government),\" Gauns says.The government's announcement of a slew of schemes for agriculture has evoked a positive response. \"This is a positive sign, but the government should also look at cultivable areas ruined by mining,\" Gauns says. The government has assured the removal of mining silt for restoration of paddy fields for cultivation.A holistic view of the issue is required for restoration of agricultural land as it has multifarious impacts on people's livelihoods, as ecology will be rejuvenated with benefits of food and fodder for man and animals, an activist signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14178583", "title": "Exclusive search engine on Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assam got its own search engine 'Bisarok'. The search engine has been launched to get results exclusively on queries and information related to Assam.'Bisarok', means 'to search' in Assamese language, has been launched and has been linked to various websites of the Government of Assam and departments, educational institutions and media. The search engine is likely to give a new online experience related to searches on Assam. Built on Google custom search engine, the search engine would be collating and building a database of web properties exclusively of the state in the North East region.'Bisarok' has been developed by RK Rishikesh Sinha, who had earlier created a similar custom search engine ('Bisarei') on Bishnupriya Manipuri. According to Sinha, apart from Google there was no link to get results particularly on Assam. Any web entity related to Assam can be part of 'Bisarok' ( https://sites.google.com/site/assamsearchenginebisarok/).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14165993", "title": "Girl cremated, cops suspect honour killing", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A girl was hurriedly cremated by her family members in a Greater Noida village early Friday morning, pointing towards a suspected honour killing. When local people came to know about this, they informed police who reached the village late at night.SSP Praveen Kumar said the incident took place in Bhaipur-Brahampur under Rabupura police station. \"The girl had earlier eloped twice and had recently been brought back to the village. The family claims she committed suicide but we will probe the case as we suspect it to be an honour killing,\" he said.\"The girl was studying in a Bulandshahr college and reportedly had an affair with a boy. Her family had filed a missing complaint after which cops brought her back to the village,\" said SP (rural), Ashok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160699", "title": "38K FYJC e-forms accepted", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after the start of the online junior college admission process, forms of more than 38,000 junior college aspirants have already been confirmed by the system. By Friday evening, close to one lakh students had finished filling first of the two-part admission form.\"Students from other boards had started filling the online forms before the state board results were out. We allowed this so that there isn't a rush of students trying to fill forms at once,\" said an official from the deputy director (schools) office. This year, 47 guidance centres have been set up to help out students in the admission process. Students will be allowed to fill their online forms till June 21 and have been given an extension of one more day till June 22 (2 pm) to rectify errors in their forms, if any.Meanwhile, students have already started flocking to minority institutes across the city and are waiting for the first offline merit list at individual colleges. At SIES College, Sion, the first list will be put up by Monday evening. \"We started the process on June 14 and students have started submitting their forms already with us. However, the list won't be out before Monday,\" said Harsha Mehta, principal of the college.At H R College in Churchgate, 'walk-in' admissions were given to those students from the minority quota who scored 80% and above. \"In two days, 168 students have already got admissions to H R. Of these, 40 have scored more than 90%. By the end of the second day, almost 25-30% of the seats were taken,\" said Indu Shahani, principal of the college. She added that several applications came from students who have scored above 90%. \"Parents as well as students were relieved because they didn't have to wait for a merit list to know for sure if they have got a seat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "vadodra", "code": "14181924", "title": "Student wings in Vadodra threaten stir over delayed results at MSU's Faculty of Arts", "text": "VADODRA: Both the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) and the All India Democratic Students' Organisation (AIDSO) have threatened to launch a stir at M S University's Faculty of Arts over delay in declaration of results.The students' wings have made representation before the dean of Faculty of Arts professor Nitin Vyas demanding that the faculty should immediately declare the results of all the exams.It is pertinent to mention here that the faculty has failed to declare results of even those exams which were held in December 2011.Exams of first semester of first year Bachelors of Arts (BA) and part I of Masters of Arts (MA) were conducted in December 2011. Later, exams of the second semester of FY BA and MA part I were conducted in April this year. But the faculty till date has not declared the results.\"Both these exams were held under the semester system. Apart from this, students who had appeared for second and third year BA exams that were held under the annual system are also waiting for the declaration of results,\" Renu Rajput, AIDSO's Vadodara district committee president said.\"At a time when the faculty is itself grappling with the semester system and choice based credit system, it has imposed a fee hike of Rs 250 on each student,\" she said, adding that if the faculty fails to announce results immediately and revert the fee hike, the student's wing will intensify their agitation.The student bodies have alleged that the faculty is forcing aspirants to submit their examination fees at the time of admission itself which wasn't the case earlier. Also, students are forced to pay subject change charge, correction charge, late registration fine from time to time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14160220", "title": "For CM Kiran Kumar Reddy, trouble starts now", "text": "HYDERABAD: Smacking the Congress squarely on its face, Jaganmohan Reddy fortified himself as a major force to reckon within state politics by winning 15 of the 18 assembly seats and the Nellore Lok Sabha seat in the bypoll whose results were declared on Friday. As soon as the results became clear, YSR Congress sources claimed at least a dozen Congress MLAs are in touch with their leader, a factor that can greatly destabilize the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in the coming days.After the bypolls, the Congress has a strength of 153 MLAs (excluding Jagan loyalists V S K Ranga Rao from Bobbili and Alla Krishna Srinivas alias Nani from Eluru) while the number of YSR Congress legislators has shot up to 17 from 2. And if TDP MLA-turned-Jagan-loyalist Y Balanagi Reddy is included along with the two Congress MLAs, the tally of the YSR Congress stands at 20 MLAs. With the victory of M Rajamohan Reddy from Nellore, the YSR Congress strength in the Lok Sabha has risen to 3 including Jagan and rebel Congress member Sabbam Hari.\"The real bad times are going to start for the chief minister only now as Jagan is going to hit the Congress with all he has got,\" his aide told TOI, even as AICC sources indicated that New Delhi will (after the Presidential elections) start scouting for a new CM and PCC president as incumbents Kiran and Botsa Satyanarayana have been unable to arrest the rise of Jagan. Jagan viewed trends of bypoll results on Doordarshan, the only channel at Chanchalguda jail that inmates are allowed to watch. By the late afternoon, his mother Vijayamma and sister Sharmila drove down to the jail with sweets, even as party workers were breaking out in celebrations across the state. \"In 2014, my brother will be elected the CM of the state,\" Sharmila told the media outside the jail.According to YSR Congress sources, the popularity of Jagan's father Rajasekhara Reddy, the sympathy whipped up by the prosecution and arrest of Jagan by the CBI, the consolidation of the Reddy, minority and dalit votes and the women voters turning out in large numbers in response to the campaigning by Vijayamma and Sharmila after Jagan's arrest contributed to the massive victory of YSRCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167708", "title": "'Delayed rain to worsen water crisis'", "text": "PUNE: State water supply and sanitation minister Laxman Dhoble said here on Friday that the drinking water crisis in some areas is likely to aggravate because of the delay in arrival of the monsoon.\"Though the state has pressed into service 2,450 tankers to provide drinking water to these areas, the local administration in some district has informed the ministry that the demand for water is more and hence we may consider procuring additional tankers from Andhra Pradesh ,\" Dhoble told reporters on Friday.\"Around 1,000 villages are being supplied water through 'temporary' schemes, that is, by providing drinking water from local sources like canals and reservoirs,\" Dhoble said, while admitting that the state needs to work on a long-term plan to strengthen its water sources.\"Big cities could help the villages overcome the water crisis, provided the local administration of these cities focuses on treating its sewage before discharging it into the rivers,\" the minister said. He pointed out that the Mula and Mutha rivers in Pune have become sewage carriers. \"The villages downstream are receiving contaminated water. The Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations should set up more sewage treatment plants.\"Earlier, the minister flagged off a special 'dindi' (troop) on the occasion of the palkhi processions of Sant Dnyaneshwar and Sant Tukaram. This troop will create awareness about cleanliness and total sanitation programme among the participants of the procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181735", "title": "Mumbaikars featured in Ice Age 4 video!", "text": "Aamchi Mumbai will be featured in Hollywood's famous animation franchise 'Ice Age 4's' world-wide promotional video.A few months ago, the Ice Age 4: Continental Drift' makers had released a special tribute to the Oscar and silent film era with a widely publicized video called 'The Scratist' going viral immediately!Now the creative team from the film has collaborated a most unusual and stunning video in preparation for the release featuring popular character Sid the Sloth and people from all over the world, including Mumbaikars!A Funky Sid rap video has been created featuring people from 20 different countries, dancing away to his steps in front of the famous monuments from that country. Meticulously crafted and choreographed with international coordination from teams from all the countries, the stunning video has children dancing away in front of The Gateway of India with our country taking a special place of honor with others such as USA, Germany, Italy, England, Australia, etcIn the video, Sid the sloth does a laugh riot of a dance, and we see cut shots of his steps being performed by people from all the different countries!Ice Age 4: Continental Drift 3D releases in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telegu on 27th July 2012!Directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier, Ice Age 4 stars the voices of Ray Romano , John Leguizamo , Denis Leary , Queen Latifah and many more.Aamchi Mumbai will be featured in Hollywood's famous animation franchise 'Ice Age 4's' world-wide promotional video.A few months ago, the Ice Age 4: Continental Drift' makers had released a special tribute to the Oscar and silent film era with a widely publicized video called 'The Scratist' going viral immediately!Now the creative team from the film has collaborated a most unusual and stunning video in preparation for the release featuring popular character Sid the Sloth and people from all over the world, including Mumbaikars!A Funky Sid rap video has been created featuring people from 20 different countries, dancing away to his steps in front of the famous monuments from that country. Meticulously crafted and choreographed with international coordination from teams from all the countries, the stunning video has children dancing away in front of The Gateway of India with our country taking a special place of honor with others such as USA, Germany, Italy, England, Australia, etcIn the video, Sid the sloth does a laugh riot of a dance, and we see cut shots of his steps being performed by people from all the different countries!Ice Age 4: Continental Drift 3D releases in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telegu on 27th July 2012!Directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier, Ice Age 4 stars the voices of Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163151", "title": "Mercury inching up to blazing 44 degree", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rising mercury has made life miserable for city residents as the temperature touched the 43 degree mark on Friday. Further to make things worse, the met department has predicted that the temperature would touch the 44 degrees within the next two days, making it an uncomfortable weekend again.According to data available with the met department, the temperature has increased by almost 5 degrees since June 9, with every passing day adding on an average 0.5 degrees increase to the existing temperature. Next week is estimated to shoot the maximum temperature by another degree. Humidity too was recorded at 13%.Blazing heat has also resulted in change in sunset timings as well. From the past week from 7.15pm, the sunset time has shifted 15 minutes. Now, the sun shines for more than 13 hours a day.Afternoon loo (hot winds) now spells health problems for people. Paavan Malhotra, a student of PU, said, \"It's not possible to step out of the house till evening. Even while going to work in the car it's very difficult to stop the heat from getting to you.\"Another resident and student, Sehaj adds, \"The sun comes out so early that its impossible to take my dog out for a walk during the early hours too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14169106", "title": "BJP not to give tickets to cross-voters", "text": "BANGALORE: The core committee of the ruling BJP has reportedly decided not to give tickets to 12 of its MLAs in the assembly polls for cross-voting during the recent elections to the legislative council.The party has taken a serious view of the cross-voting and the issue was thoroughly discussed at the meeting, state unit president K S Eshwarappa told reporters on Friday. He, however, did not reveal the names of MLAs identified for cross-voting.\"We have adopted our own method to identify the culprits. They won't be given tickets at any cost for the next elections,\" a senior BJP member present at the meeting said.The party had taken a similar stand on seven of its MLAs when they cross-voted in favour of liquor baron Vijay Mallya when he contested the Rajya Sabha election in 2002. \"BJP denied ticket to those who indulged in cross-voting in 2002. No one knows their (seven MLAS) whereabouts now. The MLAs who have cross-voted in Monday's election will face similar fate,\" Eshwarappa said.Both national parties -- BJP and Congress -- had to face embarrassment after their members cross-voted. Though 12 BJP MLAs cross-voted, all its six candidates - B J Puttaswamy, Vimala Gowda, Raghunath Rao Malkapure, Somanna Bevinamarad, M B Bhanuprakash and D S Veeraiah - won. However, Congress nominee Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi lost the election due to cross-voting by party members.Eshwarappa exuded optimism of BJP retaining power in the next assembly polls. He launched an attack on the Congress by accusing its leaders of trying to disrupt the harmony among different communities. Pointing out that Congress leaders from Lingayat and dalit communities were at loggerheads over the KPCC president's post, Eshwarappa said such a tussle would snowball into a friction between these communities and demanded that the Congress leaders should apologize for their alleged efforts to divide people on the basis of communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162751", "title": "Landslide for jailed Jagan buries Congress in Andhra", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress chief Jagan Mohan Reddy must have allowed himself a broad smile in Chanchalguda jail as his party cruised to victory in the Nellore Lok Sabha seat and 15 assembly seats in the widely-watched bypolls, the results of which were declared on Friday.The Congress was spared the blushes with two wins, in Ramachandrapuram and Narsapuram. But there was no saving grace for Chandrababu Naidu's Telugu Desam Party, which drew a blank. Significantly, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi, which champions the cause of a separate state, nearly lost Parkal in a photo-finish to Jagan's party.Jagan's mother Vijayalakshmi and sister Sharmila rushed to Chanchalguda jail to share the news with him. Sharmila, who stole the limelight during the campaign, said the verdict was a fitting lesson for the Congress and the TDP. \"Jagan Anna expected to win all 18 seats. But the results prove that vindictive politics doesn't work,\" she said. Jagan could become chief minister by 2014, she said, \"people believe he's innocent\".The YSR Congress Party seems to have proved that its claim to the late Rajasekhara Reddy's legacy and promise of a 'suvarna rajyam' (golden rule) clicked with the voters, especially women. Jagan's supporters seem to have largely ignored corruption charges against him, the lynchpin of the campaign of both the Congress and the TDP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158187", "title": "Railways seek three more weeks to file reply", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of railways (MoR) has sought three more weeks to file a reply on public interest litigation (PIL) demanding refund of fare to passengers who travelled in high capacity coaches (side middle berths) but were not given discount in fares as announced by the railway minister.The PIL filed on March 27 by Avinash Vinayak Prabhune, RTI activist and a resident of Pratap Nagar, has 16 respondents. On Friday, when the matter came up for hearing before the bench of justices PV Hardas and ML Tahaliyani, the railways sought three weeks' time to file a reply. The court had asked the railways to file reply in two weeks.Earlier, the matter was heard on March 27. The court had directed notices returnable on April 10. The notices were delivered by April 3. Even after two months, the railways did not file a reply. Now the court has granted time up to July 6. The then railway minister Lalu Prasad Yadav on February 26, 2008, had announced a 6% discount in fare for passengers travelling in high capacity coaches in which berths were extended from 72 to 81.The decision came into force from April 1, 2008. However, despite a Railway Board circular to this effect, discount was not paid to passengers. TOI was first to report the matter in 2009. RTI information sought by Prabhune in 2009 revealed that 6,000 coaches were converted into high capacity coaches in 16 zones. Railways failed to provide discount to around 60.87 lakh passengers in three zones - South Central Railway (SCR), North Frontier Railway (NFR) and Northern Railway (NR). Other zones did not furnish information.The petitioner wants that the railways be directed to deposit the discount amount in 'Prime Minister Relief Fund' and take action against officials for not implementing budget commitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14169026", "title": "Special task force nabs member of Munna Bajrangi gang", "text": "VARANASI: In a major breakthrough, the special task force (STF) succeeded in nabbing a notorious criminal and member of Munna Bajrangi gang, Munnu Tiwari, who had a reward of Rs 10,000 on him. He had been absconding for the past 10 years and was wanted in many sensational murder cases.According to reports, following a tip off about his presence in Fatehpur, the STF team swung into action and managed to arrest him in Fatehpur on Thursday. He was brought to Varanasi on Friday and sent to jail after producing before the court.According to Durgesh Kumar of STF, Tiwari was involved in sensational murder cases including the murder of a corporator Vijay Verma in 2008, owner of a restaurant in 2002 and Kallu Yadav murder case in 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14166834", "title": "4-year-old asked to leave school over deformity in Malavalli", "text": "MANDYA: A little boy with an unusually long tongue had to leave school because the authorities felt uneasy about it.Two days after admission, Mohammed Hanan, 4, was literally thrown out of LKG class after the headmistress noticed his tongue. Sr Asha of Anitha Convent Primary School, in Malavalli town of Mandya district, called Hanan's parents and refunded the fee paid, saying, \"Your child's long tongue disturbs other children.\" The school is situated in NES Extension in Malavalli town.\"My child is healthy and can speak like the other kids, he is also active,\" said Hanan's mother Iftar, a homemaker. She admitted that as a mother, it hurt her when the headmistress had told her that the child's tongue scares other children. \"She asked me to teach him at home for two years.\"His father, Mohammed Zakir, a cloth merchant, was furious. \"Will the school authorities throw out their children if they have a similar problem?\" he asked. The couple, residing in Idgah Mohalla, paid Rs 6,100 as admission fee. Hanan's sibling studies in the same school.The issue was solved, though, when Malavalli block education officer M M Ram intervened and ensured that the boy was readmitted. \"Hanan's parents and some others complained to me, saying their 4-year old child was thrown out of school as he has a long tongue and was not able to speak properly. The family said the authorities had refunded their fee,\" Ram said.The school authorities readmitted the boy after he took them to task, he claimed.When TOI contacted Sr Asha, she admitted: \"We felt scared and uneasy about his long tongue and thought it would upset the other kids, so we told the parents to take the child back and admit him after two years.\" She added that by that time, he would stop stammering.\"We also told them that LKG and UKG education is not necessary for the boy, who can be tutored at home,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "14169612", "title": "Delta farmers feel cheated by Tamil Nadu govt", "text": "THANJAVUR: Farmers from the Cauvery delta, who are desperately awaiting the release of water from the Mettur dam for this year's 'kuruvai' (short-term) crop cultivation, are losing hope with the government and nature both playing spoilsport with their livelihood.Farmers fear that as many as three lakh acres for 'kuruvai' in the Cauvery delta region comprising Thanjavur, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam, parts of Trichy, Pudukkottai and Cuddalore districts may remain uncultivated this year if the Karnataka government further delays release of water to Mettur dam.The yield is generally better in kuruvai cultivation than Samba and Thaladi cultivations. But the present situation may not help the cause of kuruvai crop.Even though the farmers realise the present water level (79 ft) in Mettur dam will not fulfil their demand, they are unconvinced with the steps taken by the state government to get water from Karnataka, which has been regularly defying directions of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal and the Supreme Court to release 192 tmcft to Tamil Nadu.The farmers also point an accusing finger at the Central government for not cracking the whip on Karnataka to execute the orders.Samy Natarajan, district president of the Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam, Thanjavur, said, \"It is unjustifiable that the Central government did not even publish the verdict in the gazette. According to the tribunal's verdict, Karnataka may utilize water for drinking and not for irrigation during this period. But that state has depleted storage. In July, Karnataka is to release 54 tmcft of water to Tamil Nadu, but it is not sure whether we will get the water. So, farmers will bear the brunt of such actions too this year. Moreover, the Tamil Nadu government has failed to pay heed to the welfare of farmers. If they had constructed more check dams across the Cauvery, a few tmcft of water could have been stored. Infrastructure should be modernized.\"Since the situation has been continuing, most farmers are desperate to switch to other occupations for survival. They are even planning to sell their farmlands to real estate giants. Thanjavur, called the rice bowl of Tamil Nadu, appears to be gradually losing that epithet.Some farmers who have deep borewell facility in Thanjavur cultivate pulses in the season as chances of cultivating paddy is coming down owing to water scarcity. Paddy is a water-intensive crop.K Jayakumar, a farmer from Vendayampatti in Thanjavur said, \"Water is available 400 ft below. As a result of non-cultivation, factories are mushrooming in our area and are consuming the water.\"\"We have no source of income other than agriculture. The failure of the monsoon and the inhuman attitude of the Karnataka government have destroyed our hopes of surviving with agriculture. Such situations force us to allow our children to seek greener pastures,\" said S Murugan Iyamperumal, district president of the Bharathiya Kisan Sangam, Thanjavur.G Sundaramoorthy, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Vivasayigam Sangam, Tiruvarur district, hit out at the state government for concentrating on attractive schemes to lure voters instead of showing interest in the welfare of farmers. He said, \"The state government is cheating people with attractive schemes. Farmers are also divided by politics. In case water is released hereafter , it will not be useful for cultivation as the climate will not support the process. So, the state government should provide compensation to save us.\"He recalled an incident wherein a sugarcane farmer, Murugan, from Maappadugai village in Nagappattinam district committed suicide after he suffered a huge loss in sugarcane cultivation a week ago.According to the agriculture department , with a view to effectively utilising the period till release of water from Mettur dam, the government is mulling distributing seeds of two kinds of green manure, Daincha and Sunnhemp, and that of black gram to farmers so that they can enhance soil fertility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158414", "title": "Cops rescue married woman; 3 more arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police rescued a married woman nine days after she was lured with a job offer and sold for Rs 65,000 by a friend and three others. Three people, including the buyer and seller, have been arrested.However, main accused Jayashree, the victim's friend who lured her to Rajasthan, is still absconding. Police suspect that Jayashree is involved in the business of selling girls.\"She has been changing her location constantly. We are trying to locate her through her cell calls,\" said the investigating officer, senior inspector Umesh Besarkar of Jaripatka police station. Earlier it was reported that the woman was sold for Rs 1 lakh but the arrested people claimed it was Rs 65,000 only.Rizwan Ali, one of the accused, was arrested on June 7. Ali had called the victim's husband to hand over his son when the cops laid a trap and arrested him.On June 2, Maithili (name changed) left home with her three-year-old child. Jayashree, who had promised to get her a job in Wardha, took her to Rajasthan instead. Maithili told police that on June 4 they reached Bara district in Rajasthan and stayed at one of the accused, Bhupendra Mali's house. The next day, Jayashree sent Maithili with Mali saying he would take her to the place of work.Mali took Maithili to a wedding venue while Jayashree and Rizwan Ali, with Maithili's son, left for Nagpur. \"I was told that I have been sold and the buyer, Jitendra Mina wants to marry me. I managed to tell them that I am married and the marriage was stopped,\" said Maithili.She told TOI that for nine days she was in Bara and \"Mali and Mina didn't even harm me\". \"They assured me that they will take me to my husband in Nagpur,\" said Maithili.On June 6, Mali called Rahul to inform him about his wife. On June 7, Rahul informed Jaripatka police who then arrested Ali. A team of Jaripatka police took Mali to Rajasthan and rescued Maithili. Police said that Mali and Jayashree had split the money and spent everything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174052", "title": "Planning for success", "text": "The general impression is that students have a less than 5% chance of getting admission into engineering. With over five lakh candidates who took the IIT-JEE in 2012 for 9,600 seats and an estimated 12 lakh who plan to write the AIEEE for 35,000 seats the chances do seem slim. And same is the story for BITSAT, Vellore IT and Manipal ENAT. That coupled with over 50 odd entrance examinations make engineering one of the most competitive college admission in the country.But is the admission scenario really that bleak? There are 3,393 engineering colleges in India with a capacity of 14.85 lakh seats across 36 courses approved by All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE). So, where is the catch? There seems to be enough seats. What happens, however, is that many candidates are not aware of their options. As a result many miss out on alternatives. This is true even of AIEEE scores, which by far covers the largest number of seats.Besides IIT-JEE, a candidate aspiring for an engineering admission can obtain it through: Central counselling of All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) State-level examinations that can be written by its domicilesAIEEE scores at institutions that accept themOwn examination and counselling of institutions or their associationsMarks obtained in class X and XIIThe central counselling of All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE)This year the Central Board of Secondary Education conducted the AIEEE examination in both online and offline mode. This year the offline examination was held on April 29 and the online examinations from May 7 to 26. This will be followed by a central counselling process for candidates who successfully meet the rank cut-offs. The central counselling process will start on June 16 and end on August 8.The AIEEE rank card will give three types of ranks: the All India Rank, the state rank, category rank and notify the eligibility of the candidate for the central counselling. These candidates become eligible for admission to the institutions participating in the central counselling. These include all the 30 National Institutes of Technology; some among the Indian Institutes of Information Technology, Indian Institute of Information Technology and Manufacturing, and Indian Institutes of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing; some government and government-aided institutions and some private and self-financed institutions.Highlights of the processThe online registration, filling up of choices and choice locking will have to be done between June 16 and 25There are three rounds of seat allotment on June 27, July 5 and July 12 respectivelyCandidates will be allowed to modify their choices once again between July 17 and 22Classes will begin in the institutions participating in central counselling on July 23The fourth round of seat allotment will be on July 25Candidates allotted seats in the fourth round can complete admission formalities at the respective institutions between July 25 and 30Internal sliding will be completed on August 1. During internal sliding students will get yet another chance to take up a course that they had chosen as higher in preference at that institute based on available vacancies and rankFinally there will be a spot-round on August 8 for which all the candidates who have yet not got a seat allocation can register, fill in and lock their choices between August 3 and 6.Many states have their own entrance examination for admissions to engineering colleges in the state. For example, in Maharashtra, there is the Maharashtra Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET), in UP there is the UP State Entrance Exam (UPSEE), in West Bengal there is the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination (WBJEE), in Karnataka there is the Karnataka Common Entrance Test (CET) and in Andhra Pradesh there is the Engineering, Agricultural and Medical Common Entrance Test (EAMCET). Typically these entrance tests can only be written by the domiciles of the respective states only.The states of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand do not have any entrance examinations of their own. They use the state ranks of AIEEE in counselling for admission to engineering colleges in the state.Some states also permit private and self-financed institutions in the state to grant admission based on the AIEEE ranks to those coming from outside the state. For example, in Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Orissa, 15% of the seats in all private and self-financed institutions are open AIEEE rank holders from other states. The same is true of UP and West Bengal where 10 % of the seats are open to AIEEE rank holders coming from outside the state.In addition there are institutions that have a significant part of their admissions intake based on the AIEEE ranks. Some of these are Thapar University, Panjab University and the PEC Technical University, Nirma University, Sastra University, Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), Mesra, Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT) Delhi and DTU.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166560", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee is all set to be 13th President of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee is all set to be the 13th President of India. Sonia Gandhi announced his candidature on Friday evening after a brief meeting of the UPA. It put an end to the long suspense that marked the rollercoaster race for the nomination of its presidential candidate by the ruling alliance.Mukherjee is expected to win the contest hands down, with SP and BSP pledging their support and the Left likely to follow suit. They, along with the UPA, account for a majority in the electoral college. The advantage promises to become overwhelming with cracks showing up in the BJP-led NDA over opposition to Mukherjee's candidature.BJP's ally JD(U) is arguing against a contest by citing the stature of the veteran politician and the need to avoid acrimony over a losing battle. In fact, with former President A P J Abdul Kalam unlikely to enter the fray , the election may become just a formality. The denouement marked a rather satisfactory outcome for the Congress - its leader Sonia Gandhi, in particular, who succeeded in calling TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's bluff. The party was keen to have its nominee installed in Rashtrapati Bhavan but was handicapped by adverse mathematics in the wake of the UP poll debacle and Mamata Banerjee's dogged opposition to the finance minister.'Corporates happy to see Pranab's back'There's been widespread talk within corporate India of \"the return of a raid raj where every small thing comes under the lens of the taxman, the excise inspector, or ED\", to use the words of a prominent businessman.At the same time, Mukherjee's stature and seniority made it difficult for anyone, including even the PM, to intervene. The corridors of power have been abuzz with rumours of a communication gap between the PMO and North Block. Even multinational CEOs have spoken in private about feeling more welcome and wanted at the PMO than at North Block. Mohandas Pai, who was a senior board member of Infosys , said on TV on Friday, \"Corporate India is happy to see his (Pranab's) back.\" It's been said in hushed tones that the PM may see this as a win-win - Mukherjee moves out of North Block, and into a job he coveted.As and when he does hand over charge of the ministry, Congressmen believe it will be to a politician and not a bureaucrat like C Rangarajan or Montek Singh Ahluwalia - especially not with polls on the horizon. Names of several ministers, from Jairam Ramesh to Kamal Nath , have been doing the rounds, but many rate P Chindambaram's chances of returning to a job he's twice held and is said to feel an affinity for.Sonia's next challenge: Finding leader of the HouseIn the event, it pulled off a political feat by getting both SP and BSP to endorse its nominee, while isolating Mamata who teamed up with Mulayam Singh only to fall flat. In a dramatic sequence of events, Mulayam played along with Mamata but reversed gears in time to bail out the UPA.It was a crowning moment for Mukherjee, a politician with more than five decades in public life. For seven years since the advent of UPA, the veteran was rankled by the fact that despite being the oldest Congress insider in the ruling dipsensation, he had to report to Manmohan Singh , a rank outside whom he appointed as RBI governor So, it was a 'righting of protocol' in many ways when Sonia Gandhi at 4.40pm, announced that the finance minister would be the ruling combine's candidate for the President's election. Being the Head of State, the President figures on the top of the hierarchy and with powers, technically speaking, to appoint the Prime Minister.With the hunt for the next President over, Congress leadership is now faced with the job of finding who can fill \"Dada's\" big shoes. Sonia needs to find a Leader of the House in Lok Sabha as well as a new finance minister.Then, there is the task of making new heads for GOMs and EGoMs that Mukherjee headed, not to speak of finding a political troubleshooter of his caliber. Home minister P Chidambaram will be required to do some heavy lifting and is considered to be among the probables for the role of the Leader of House.Mukherjee's arrival in Rashtrapati Bhavan will also transform the imposing colonial building into more than a ceremonial edifice.His tenure will mark a break from the recent pattern of elevating technocrats (A P J Abdul Kalam) or political lightweights (incumbent Pratibha Patil ) to the top constitutional post.Though titular in the constitutional scheme, the President's role has often been crucial, often innovative, with the occupants interpreting it in diverse ways. Close electoral results and coalition politics have added to the interest in the office. With Congress succeeding in luring Mulayam to its fold after the SP chief briefly threatened to join hands with Mamata, the announcement of Mukherjee's candidature was a mere formality. It was completed swiftly just after Sonia Gandhi sought the endorsement of UPA allies.NCP boss Sharad Pawar said that Mukherjee should straightaway be declared the candidate if we have \"SP and BSP on board\". \"Yes, we have their support,\" said Pranab Mukherjee, leading to the formal declaration.The announcement saw both the Prime Minister and Mukherjee working phones to seek support for his unanimous election. The President-designate was quite statesmanlike as he parried questions about Trinamool chief's bitter opposition to him. \"I will also seek her support. She is like my sister,\" said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158332", "title": "Spate of burglaries makes outskirts unsafe", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police are facing a tricky challenge of having to contain the rising cases of burglaries in the localities situated in the fringe areas.A couple of burglaries were reported at Hudkeshwar police station in the last 24 hours. Apart from Hudkeshwar, cases of burglaries were also registered at Ajni and Nandanvan police stations which have jurisdictions in city and rural areas.The miscreants struck in broad daylight at the residence of Bansod at Saraswati Nagar on Thursday. Parag Bansod said that his mother Maya and younger brother Abhijeet had gone to Kolhapur to meet his married sister. The incident took place when Parag left for his office at 11.45am. He was stunned after returning from work in the night to find his house ransacked. After damaging the front door lock, the burglars decamped with Rs 50,000 in cash and gold worth Rs 1 lakh. The valuables were kept in an iron almirah which the miscreants broke open using hammers.In another incident, the cops faced anxious moments after learning that the burglars had struck at the residence of ex-serviceman Dasrath Bhagat at Shivaji Colony off Besa Road. The theft, which came to notice on Thursday, made police rush to the Bhagat's residence as the ex-serviceman had kept his 12-bore rifle and 30 ammunitions in a 'divan' before going for a marriage at Chandrapur. A pan kiosk owner, noticing the damaged lock, alerted Bhagat who was at the marriage function. It was Bhagat's younger brother who informed Hudkeshwar police. The firearms were safe and valuables were intact, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177783", "title": "Make your father feel special", "text": "He's no doubt the person you look up to in the family. A father leads by example and make sure you learn from his mistakes.Today's fathers are no longer just the breadwinner, but also very hands on when it comes to baby sitting \u2014 he can do everything right from changing diapers and playing your favourite board game to feeding you and reading out bedtime stories. June 17th is Father's Day and the least you could do is show how much you care about him to make him feel special.Make a collage: Collect pictures of him (school days, graduation, office picnics, excursions, family outings or even pictures of some of the best things you did together). Make a collage and gift him the same for Father's Day. He will be overwhelmed.You could perhaps plan a surprise party for him by inviting his best friends.You could gift him a collection of all his favourite DVDs which he always wanted to buy and perhaps even watch one of them with him.Help mom to prepare his favourite foodHe would always ask you help with washing his car. Give him a surprise by giving his car a clean wash.Plan a family picnic. This is the best time for some family bonding.Get yourself and dad matching T-shirts that both of you can sport. Or you could even buy a plain shirt and paint a message on it.Other gifts you could give him \u2014 tie, cufflinks, his favourite cologne, leather belt etc.reshmi.ar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997673", "title": "Middle-class youth addicted to affordable drugs", "text": "LSD and MDMA (Ecstasy) which come cheaper than cocaine have made drug abuse a rampant issue even among middle-class youngsters in the citySaturday night's rave party in Banjara Hills, which was busted by city cops has exposed a new, disturbing trend that has the city in its clutch \u2014 MDMA and LSD addiction! The private bash organised in an apartment on Road Number 10, Banjara Hills, that saw the arrest of two girls, two guys and an Ugandan peddler Donald, was attended by a small, exclusive group of around 15 friends , most of whom are habitual drug abusers. The cops seized around 14 grams of cocaine, 10 packets of cube LSD, 10 small pills of micro LSD, five grams of MDMA drug and four LSD dots.Tripping gets cheaper for the middle classAfter the crackdown on the city's cocaine nexus curbed the supply of the potent drug in the party circles, the cheaper MDMA and LSD have become the dope in demand among the city's druggies. And it's not just youngsters from the elite circles of the city who are hooked to drugs anymore. The affordable MDMA and LSD have become the drugs of choice among the middle class too. Anurag Sharma, Commissioner of Police, says, \"The city trend is now that youngsters are taking to MDMA and LSD. MDMA in the original state is white crystalline powder and is called Ecstasy when sold as pills. Because it's more affordable when compared to coke, it has caught the fancy of youngsters from all social strata. Earlier, only the city's upper class was into drugs, but now the growing trend is that even youngsters from middle class families have become habitual drug abusers.\"These two drugs have become a hot choice among drug peddlers too. \"Because of the high demand for both these drugs, the peddlers are also stocking up on them for trade,\" he adds. Plus, with the cops cracking down hard on the city's coke nexus, MDMA and LSD have become popular alternatives \u2014 they are not only cheaper, but also give druggies a strong high.Longer, stronger highThe cost factor is what has the city's youngsters hooked to MDMA and LSD. The CP reveals, \"While cocaine costs `4,500 per gram, a microdot LSD costs just around `1,500. This variant is much more potent than regular LSD and the trip lasts for 20 hours straight. Consumption of regular LSD leaves druggies in a trance-like state for three to five hours and each cube consists of 30 mg to 50 mg of the liquid. MDMA costs `3,000 per gram. It is either swallowed as a pill (Ecstasy) or used to spike drinks. Considering they are more affordable in comparison to cocaine, these two drugs are in demand now.\" A combination of MDMA and LSD is very lethal and can knock one out.Homes, the new drug addasThe latest hotspots for rave parties in the city are not nightclubs anymore, but farmhouses and homes. Anurag Sharma says, \"Since we are keeping a close watch on nightclubs, the drug scene has shifted to these farmhouses and private residences. In fact, strangely, statistics have shown that a lot of young couples in live-in relationships have taken to these drugs.\"Throwing light on the city's drug scene, a DJ on condition of anonymity, tells us, \"MDMA is popular among some of the city's P3 circles, including the real-estate and infrastructure companies' young heirs, whose parties are the toast of the town. The guy who supplies it to these folks is also a known and popular party regular. At Saturday's party, there were more than just the five who were arrested at the rave bash... the big fish fled the scene and have gone underground now.\"abhishek.raje@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14162643", "title": "Murmur against Mamata Banerjee's 'new advisers'", "text": "KOLKATA: Behind the facade of a unanimous resolution to support any Presidential candidate proposed by party chief Mamata Banerjee, doubts lingered.The closed-door meet on Friday saw all Trinamool MLAs raise their hand in support - by-now a customary feature in the Trinamool - but once outside, the murmurs grew loud.Many leaders felt that Mamata's over-reliance on two leaders - one from within the party fold and another an outsider, both new to national politics - while completely ignoring seasoned politicians in Trinamool ranks pushed the party to a point of no return.\"It was the Samajwadi Party that started the talks with Mamata Banerjee. They sent Kiranmoy Nanda (a former minister in the Left Front government) to explore common ground immediately after winning the UP elections in March this year,\" said a party MLA. A newly elected Trinamool MP played a key role in building bridges with Mulayam, say sources. Nanda had even remarked after meeting Mamata that the Trinamool-SP relationship will play a crucial role in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.A Trinamool leader argued: \"The political considerations in Uttar Pradesh are very different from Bengal. In UP, Mulayam would be averse to straining his relations with Congress because the BSP would then start wooing the Congress. There is a mere 3% vote share difference between SP and BSP. Even now, the two parties are trying to outdo each other in supporting Congress on key legislations. Only our leaders chose to turn a blind eye to it.\"The leader added, \"Now it turns out that Mulayam used Mamata to come closer to the Congress. No one should be surprised if Trinamool is now shown the door from UPA-II and Ram Gopal Yadav replaces Mukul Roy as railway minister.\"\"This is a complete loss of face,\" a Trinamool MP admitted. \"While we understand the nomination of APJ Abdul Kalam and Somnath Chatterjee , the reason for naming Manmohan Singh still beats us. By naming the PM, we ended up forcing even the anti-Pranab lobby in the Congress to back him,\" he said.Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah posed a question that Trinamool leaders don't dare. \"How on earth will Mamata explain opposing a Bengali for President?\" The Trinamool leadership is scrabbling for answers.A close confidant sought to defend Mamata, saying: \"She does not care for personal accolades or benefits. For her, naming Kalam was a matter of principle. She believes that the head of state should be the fittest candidate and above politics. Does anyone measure up better than Kalam on these criteria?\"Is there any chance of Mamata surviving in the UPA fold? \"Knowing Didi the overture has to come from Congress,\" a leader said. But what if the Congress, like Mulayam, decides to ditch Didi?Will Mamata still have the bargaining power to extract the much-needed financial bailout package from the Centre? The questions are many; the answers few. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will have an eager and rather concerned audience when she addresses Trinamool legislators in Town Hall on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14179522", "title": "Gelological Department bust a racket of smuggling sand mined in Tapi river to Mumbai", "text": "Surat: The ban on the transportation of sand mined from any of the rivers in Gujarat to other states has had no effect on the transporters and sand mafias active in Surat and south Gujarat region. In a major raid operation conducted by the Geological department of the district at Kamrej, about 2000 tones of sand extracted illegally from the Tapi River was seized from a rose nursery located on the National Highway-8.Official sources said the team from the Geological department has seized documents that prove huge quantity of sand mined illegally from Tapi river is transported to the neighboring Maharashtra state in the last few months. A list of record showing that the truck loads of sand consignments were transported to Mumbai for 40 times in the last two month.With the boom in the realty market in the neighboring Maharashtra state, especially in Mumbai and Pune, the demand for good quality sand for construction purpose in on the rise. As the sand mined from Tapi river falls in the A-grade, the sand mafias have started large scale smuggling of sand to Mumbai.Sources said that when the officials from the Geological department raided rose nursery where 2000 tones of illegal sand was seized in Kamrej, the labourers were readying the sand bags and loading it in the transport truck. The sand consignment was transported to Mumbai. For each sand bag the sand mafias were collecting Rs 60.\"A big cartel is active in the region for smuggling sand to Mumbai. There is a ban on transporting sand from Gujarat to other states. We are yet to find out who is the kingpin of the sand cartel\" said a senior officer asking anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14167666", "title": "'Mega project policy has aided spread of industries in state'", "text": "PUNE: State industries secretary Kshatrapati Shivaji has said that the government's mega project policy has aided an apt spread out of new industries to the lesser developed regions in the last few years.\"Seventy five per cent of the 335 mega projects, which came the state's way since the policy was introduced in 2005-06, have gone to 'C', 'D' and 'D+' category cities and towns, which has helped a dispersed industrial growth and ancillarisation,\" he said.Shivaji, who signed an MoU on behalf of the state government with the India arm of the US-based manufacturing giant GE here on Friday for the latter's new plant at Chakan Phase II industrial estate, said, \"The policy has, so far, attracted 335 mega projects involving a collective investment of Rs 2,76,000 crore.\"\"Almost all major companies across the globe have taken up the investment opportunity offered by the policy with 95 of the 335 projects actually having gone into production,\" he said. Some these include General Motors , Volkswagen, Mercedes and Posco , he added.The policy was introduced as part of the 'Industrial, investment and infrastructure policy of Maharashtra, 2006' with a view to promote setting up of new industries in a uniform and proportionate manner across the state. Investment and employment limits of projects were defined for different category of cities and towns.For instance, industrial projects with investment of over Rs 500 crore and generating employment for more than 1,000 persons in 'A' and 'B' areas or with investment of over 250 crores and generating employment for more than 500 persons in rest of Maharashtra are called 'Mega Projects'.A customised incentive package was declared for these mega projects and the same was also extended to the industrial projects coming up in the 10 low human development index (HDI) districts, investment of over Rs 100 crore and generating employment for more than 250 persons.In February last year, the government amended the scheme with a view to reduce the gap between the underdeveloped regions and the developed ones.The minimum investment limit at the taluka-level in categories 'A' and 'B' was raised to Rs 750 crore from Rs 500 crore and the employment generation limit was raised to 1,500 from 1,000 people.Similarly, for 'C' category areas, the investment and employment generation limits were increased to Rs 500 crore from Rs 250 crore and from 1,000 to 500 jobs, respectively. There was no change in 'D' and 'D+' categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14159041", "title": "'Don't let Shri Ram Sena enter Goa'", "text": "MARGAO: Demanding that Shri Ram Sena should not be allowed to enter the state, Vasco-based NGO Savera has written to chief minister Manohar Parrikar pointing out how girls and married women were allegedly harassed by the fringe outfit in Karnataka.While addressing mediapersons on Friday, Savera chief Tara Kerkar questioned the right of Shri Ram Sena's chief Pramod Mutalik to speak on moral policing based on religion, and said that Mutalik was spoiling the name of 'Shree Ram' in the process.\"Shree Ram had great respect for women and he even went into exile on the request from his stepmother,\" said Kerkar.The Savera chief further claimed that the NGO had seen video footage that showed Shri Ram Sena workers manhandling girls and married women for celebrating Valentine's Day in Bangalore and denying freedom to women with respect to their dress code. \"They have torn the clothes of these women, beaten them, dragged them by their hair, and we wish to bring to Parrikar's notice how this outfit has tortured women in Karnataka,\" said Kerkar.When asked what action would Savera take if Shri Ram Sena carried out such attacks on women in Goa as she alleged, Kerkar reiterated her demand that they not b allowed to enter the state in the first place and called upon other NGOs to support her demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158195", "title": "Fake ticket checker arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old man who posed as a ticket checker was arrested by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) at Dadar on Thursday. Harish Kamble was found 'inspecting' tickets in B-1 coach of the CST-Nagpur Nandigram Express after it left CST.A ticket examiner, MB Sorte, was aboard the train and spotted Kamble. \"Ticket-checkers on outstation trains are supposed to wear a uniform while on duty. Sorte noticed that Kamble was in plainclothes and alerted us. We sent two personnel who arrested Kamble from platform 4,\" said an RPF official. A ticket-checker's badge and a forged identity-card of an assistant ticket-checker were recovered from him.A Kalyan resident, Kamble would check tickets on trains between Byculla and Sandhurst Road stations. He did this for 10 days before being caught on Thursday. His father, Rajesh, served as a box boy with Central Railway at Igatpuri station. Kamble is a school dropout and was unemployed before he took to crime. The RPF have videographed his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14179505", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s new look for Dasharath\u2019s film?", "text": "'King' Nagarjuna, along with his family (wife Amala; sons Naga Chaitanya and Akhil), graced the wedding reception of Ram Charan and Upasana. All those who saw Nag's new look were stunned and thought that Nag is back to his handsome best.Surely Nagarjuna has caught the attention of everyone with his French cut and hairstyle incorporating a fantastic layered bang. So is this the new look of Nag in his next movie? Let's wait and see!Nagarjuna, who has been experimenting lately with like films like \"Rajanna\", \"Damarukam\" and \"Shirdi Sai Baba\", would be back in his usual romantic role in his next movie to be directed by Dasharath. Nayanathara is playing the female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "14162653", "title": "Record victory for Mekapati", "text": "NELLORE: High-profile industrialist and senior Congress leader T Subbaramireddy ate humble pie when he lost the Lok Sabha election from Nellore constituency to YSR Congress Party's Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy. The victory margin of 2,91,745 votes of Mekapati is said to be the highest in the history of Nellore parliamentary constituency. The contest, although looked as fiercely fought after TSR entered the fray as Congress nominee, ended as a one-sided battle. Mekapati, who won the previous election as a Congress candidate, quit the Lok Sabha in protest against naming of YSR as an accused by the CBI in its chargesheet.Accepting the defeat, he said: \"I accept the verdict humbly.\" While Mekapati secured 5,35,436 votes, TSR got 2,43,691 and TDP candidate V Venugopala Reddy remained in the third spot with 1,54,103 votes. Mekapati's victory margin was more than the votes his nearest rival got in the byelection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14168643", "title": "3 held in Delhi, Mumbai for cheating city showrooms", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch sleuths on Thursday arrested three men from Delhi and Mumbai for cheating several home appliances showrooms in the city.A senior police officer who led the special team which nabbed Verma, one of the accused, in Mumbai told TOI on Friday that the three were involved in similar crimes in many places, including Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai. \"They would rent a house in a city and buy new SIM cards before striking. After committing the crime, they would destroy the SIM cards and flee,\" he said.They would place bulk orders at many showrooms, including those selling home appliances. After giving fake cheques to the delivery boys, the three would vacate the rented house the same night and flee, police said. The three would approach a dealer dressed in the uniform of a wellknown showroom and order goods in bulk. They would then intercept the vehicle carrying the goods midway and offload the goods saying the vehicle couldn't pass through the narrow road to the showroom. Varma and the two others will be brought to Chennai on Saturday or Sunday. In the past three months, more than 40 complaints against the three had been submitted to Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14164890", "title": "CM's order on Nityananda's arrest was improper", "text": "BANGALORE: The legal fraternity is of the opinion that the state government's ordering the arrest of self-styled godman Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda, and searching and sealing of his Bidadi ashram will not pass the test of law.In the normal course, investigating agencies have the powers to order arrest or seize property. Powers are vested in courts to order the same. The powers of ministers and chief ministers to make such an order is a matter to be debated and studied.Justice Santosh N Hegde | former lokayuktaThe chief minister or the highest authority in the country has no powers to pass such an order. Political intervention was uncalled for and foolish. Probably he was not briefed properly. The courts will take a serious view of the order made by the chief minister. He was completely wrong in making such an order.Ravi B Naik | senior counsel and former high court judgeThe chief minister's order is illegal, and he acted in haste. The political head of the state has no power to order anyone's arrest as it is an infringement of an individual's rights. It is unfortunate.. he seems to have surrendered himself to some vested interests. If anyone has a grievance, he should file a complaint. Or police can take up a suo motu case and investigate what occurred in the ashram. Media reports cannot be the basis for any order.Shankarappa | senior counselThe order is an infringement of rights of an individual. Hooligans made a hue and cry and the media indulged in a sustained campaign... The police intelligence wing should have briefed the chief minister on what was happening in the ashram. Who are these so-called organizations? These persons cannot hijack the system. The chief minister seems to have walked into a trap laid by these unscrupulous elements.CV Sudhindra | senior criminal lawyerIt was an unnecessary order by the chief minister. Police should act against those who created trouble. Someone who trespasses and creates a ruckus on private property should have been booked by police. I feel some vested interests interfered with the rule of law to embarrass the government. The chief minister did not consult the right kind of people before making such an order.MT Nanaiah | senior criminal lawyer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181459", "title": "Cheryl Cole fed up of being blamed for farts on planes", "text": "Cheryl Cole has revealed that she is always being accused of breaking wind in flight, as people think she's too famous to bother holding it in.The Girls Aloud star said that travellers letting off bad smells on planes is one of her major disgusts.\"I always look around and try to work out who it was and I see the eyes staring back at me,\" the Sun quoted her as saying.\"I know they're thinking, 'Cheryl Cole thinks it's OK to fart on a plane as she's special,' and it's so not true,\" she said.She has called for somebody to invent a spray to corner the culprits.\"There should be a sort of aerosol that can be sprayed into the air and it would pinpoint the guilty person.\"You can get a similar thing to go into swimming pools to discourage people from peeing. I think it would be a winner on a long flight,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14175121", "title": "Idea launches Android-based dual-SIM 3G smartphone ID 918 at Rs 5,994", "text": "MUMBAI: The third largest GSM operator Idea Cellular on Friday launched ID 918, a dual-SIM Android smartphone on the third generation mobile spectrum.Idea ID 918 sports a 3.2-inches display with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. The device has 512MB RAM and runs on Android 2.3(Gingerbread) operating system. The phone boasts of 1300 mAh battery. The device has 150MB internal storage which is expandable upto 32GB. The phone also features a 3.2MP camera. As of connectivity, the phone has GPRS, EDGE, 3G, WLAN, USB, Bluetooth.The phone has been at Rs 5,994 and along with the handset, Idea is also offering benefits worth Rs 2,340 apart from a 2 GB data per month for three months after 48-72 hours of recharge.The chief marketing officer of the company Sashi Shankar said that with the company breaking the Rs 6,000- barrier, will help drive usage with this dual SIM.The overall 3G customer base in the country is currently estimated at nine million with Idea accounting for about one third of it.This is the third 3G handset offering from the Aditya Birla group controlled company after Blade and Id-280, which together have notched up over 1 lakh units in sales since the launch last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164215", "title": "Tinted films: Motor vehicles department to act tough from today", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicles department (MVD) will start strict enforcement of the Supreme Court directive on the use of sun control films on windshields of vehicles. Starting from Saturday, drivers will be asked to remove the tinted films and fined Rs 100. The vehicles will have to be produced before the Regional Transport Officer (RTO) within three days.This decision to act tough on vehicle owners who have been taking the directive lightly, was taken at a meeting of MVD officials on Friday.Though the MVD officials started the drive against the use of tinted films earlier, they were mostly trying to create awareness among motorists. Ernakulam RTO T J Thomas said the department had given enough time to the public to comply with the Supreme Court directive. \"During the enforcement drives we had asked motorists to remove the tinted films and now it is time for us to act,\" he said.Thomas said that the motorists who fail to remove tinted films even after being fined Rs 100 would be slapped with a bigger fine of Rs 1,000 or more. \"From now on, only in-built tinted window glasses provided by manufacturers would be permitted in vehicles. We have also given directions to car dealers not to fix sun control films on the vehicles,\" the RTO said.It is also learnt that the MVD would open a counter on the collectorate compound in Kakkanad for removing sun control film from cars at a reasonable rate. An official of the department said that they had started negotiations with mechanics to provide the service at prices between Rs 150 and Rs 200.School buses under scanner: The meeting also decided to intensify checking of school buses and other vehicles of educational institutions plying in the city. The authorities will check whether the vehicles adhere to safety measures and other regulations including the display of 'on school duty' board. The driving experience of school vehicle drivers too will be checked. Earlier this week, the MVD officials had booked nine vehicles carrying school students for overloading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14164653", "title": "Protesters block NH-1 over crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 700 people blocked NH-1 \u2014 that connects Delhi with Haryana \u2014 for over two hours on Friday protesting against erratic water supply and frequent power cuts. After cops reached the spot to remove the blockade near Singhu border, the crowd grew violent and began to pelt stones at vehicles. The mob attacked two cars and two inter-state buses. However, no one has been detained till now.According to sources, the residents of Tigri Village have been holding meetings with the local councillor and MLA demanding more DJB tankers but their pleas have fallen on deaf years. On Friday morning, the area barely received any water because of low pressure. Enraged, the locals decided to block the road.\"The crowd pelted stones at four vehicles, damaging all. The chaos lasted for half-an-hour. Instead of using force, our men talked to the elders in the crowd which helped calm the situation,'' said K Karunakaran, additional DCP (outer).Meanwhile, problems of water shortage are being faced by residents of Bawana and Prashant Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14160949", "title": "Pinki had bribed medical board, alleges 'victim'", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik had bribed doctors to hide her gender which helped her compete as an international athlete, Anamika Acharya, the woman whose complaint has landed Pinki behind the bars, alleged on Friday.Anamika had created a sensation on Thursday, alleging that Pinki is a male and has been raping her for the past three years as a live-in partner. Pinki has been sent to judicial custody for two weeks. On Friday, Anamika claimed that Pinki had told her that she had bribed the medical board to hide her gender but was later forced to leave the world of sport due to the fear of being caught.\"Pinki tortured me when I refused to give her money. I was forced to sell my ornaments to give her money,\" said Anamika. Pinki rubbished these allegations and reiterated that she has been framed.The former Asian Games gold medalist even agreed to a medical test to determine her gender and submitted a written petition to magistrate Ishani Chakraborty. She had refused to undergo this test on Thursday.On the basis of Anamika's complaint, Bidhannagar police have charged Pinki under sections 376 (rape), 417 (impersonation), 325 (assault) and 506 (intimidation) IPC. Pinki is being represented by a team of three lawyers who argued that the complainant's allegation of rape is false as the woman had been living with Pinki and any physical intimacy was mutual not forced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14158238", "title": "Purke, wife got 2 Mumbai flats on false affidavits?", "text": "YAVATMAL: RTI activist Bhimrao Rathod of Darwha has in a complaint to the state director general of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) and the district income tax officer here alleged that deputy speaker of the state legislative assembly and sitting Congress MLA from Ralegaon Vasant Purke and his wife Premlata filed false affidavits and grabbed two flats in Bandra East in Mumbai under the discretionary quota of the government. Certified copies of all the related documents filed on affidavit by the couple under Right to Information Act, 2005 was obtained by Rathod and submitted to the authorities with the complaint.Rathod has demanded a thorough and impartial probe and cancel the allotment of flats by registering criminal offences against the Purke couple for filing false affidavits. Rathod said Purke had filed an affidavit before the chief returning officer in 2004 along with his nomination form from Ralegaon reserved constituency, affirming that he owns movable and immovable property worth crores of rupees. He said he had agriculture land, fixed deposits in various banks and cooperative credit societies, shares and debentures, jewellery, two-wheelers and cars worth crores of rupees.However, in an affidavit filed by Premlata on February 5, 2002 said the annual income of her family, including Vasant Purke, was Rs 1,37,500 and that her husband was an employee. She also said that they were landless and produced necessary documents. On the strength of these affidavits, she was allotted flat number 104 in the residential apartment of Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority (Mhada) in Bandra East from the government's 5% discretionary quota.The RTI information revealed that Purke had filed an affidavit in 2003-2004 putting his monthly income at only Rs 2,500 and got a flat in the Aashirwad Cooperative Housing Society in Mumbai. This was confirmed in a report of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) published some months back.\"The application seeking a flat in Mhada apartment was submitted on October 29, 2001 which was recorded in the office of the deputy collector of BruhanMumbai (serial number 9528) on January 25, 2002,\" Rathod said. \"The photo of Premlata Purke affixed with the application for the flat was attested by the under-secretary of the Maharashtra state legislative secretariat, Vidhan Bhavan, Mumbai,\" he said.The allotment letter had clearly said that the flat in Bandra (E) admeasuring 566 square feet was allotted to Premlata solely on the basis of her affidavits and cautioned her of cancelling it, followed by criminal action, if the information given by the allottee was found to be wrong or false, Rathod said.Besides a posh bungalow in Darda Nagar here, the Purke family has many educational institutions in Yavatmal district and rest of Vidarbha, Rathod claimed.When contacted to get his version, Purke said, \"I have no comment on it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14168027", "title": "Trace Falak\u2019s father, CWC orders police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Child Welfare Committee, Lajpat Nagar, has instructed the south district police to trace the biological father of baby Falak, Shah Hussain. The order comes almost three months after Falak's death.\"The Juvenile/ Child Welfare Officer of the police station or the present IO along with the social worker of the Special Juvenile Police Unit, south district, should coordinate with the brother of Munni Khatoon, Mohd Munif and visit Gurgaon to trace Hussain. They should counsel him to appear before the committee on the next day,\" said the order. The step is an attempt to rehabilitate the family. \"The family, which is now completely disintegrated, may start a new beginning if the children reunite with their father. This will be quite challenging for all of us, but it is not impossible,\" said the order.Referring to the police investigations till now, the order also took note of Hussain's conduct. \"The impression one gets from the police report is that the father is not interested in the welfare of his wife and children and this is clear from his conduct from the very beginning. However,since he is the biological father of the children, he has a legal claim over them. Before granting the final custody of the children to the mother Munni, the committee needs to hear him out,\" said the order. \"His right to claim custody of the children can not be ignored only for the reason that he is not traceable. It has been confirmed through family sources that he working at a tyre repair shop in Gurgaon but his exact address is not known,\" added the order.Earlier, Munni had been directed to join Kasturba Niketan children's home in Lajpat Nagar as a 'House Aunti'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14165809", "title": "Shots ring out near Pehelwan\u2019s office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Breaking the relative calm at Najafgarh after the firing at MLA Bharat Singh about two weeks ago, an incident of indiscriminate firing has been reported from Dikchuan Kalan in the area yet again. Although it did not target anyone in particular, police fear that a new surge of gang rivalry might strike the area.The incident allegedly took place around 11am on Wednesday. \"The incident was perhaps planned to send a message and we believe the hand of a Gurgaon gang behind it. However, we want to emphasize that this firing was nowhere near the office of any political leader,'' said an officer. A case under Section 336 (endangering public life) has been registered and the local police is investigating it though both the special cell and the crime branch have also been kept in the loop.The local police denied that Kuldeep, nephew of local councillor Kishen Pehelwan, brother of Bharat Singh, was the target. The Dikchuan depot on Nangloi Road where Kuldeep sits was, however, inspected by cops and his security has been strengthened. His office is near the office of Pehelwan in ward No. 139 of South Delhi Municipal Corporation. Locals claimed the firing took place within 400 metres of both offices.Sources in investigating agencies said around eight rounds were fired and the gunmen, who came in four vehicles, escaped unchallenged.The incident took place despite increased presence of Delhi Police in this highly sensitive area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180675", "title": "Jhalak\u2019s 12 contestants to make grand appearances!", "text": "As Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5 starts tonight, here's a quick look at whose going to introduce the 12 contestants in the opening episode of the biggest dance reality show on TV.Bhojpuri Super star Ravi Kissen will team up with Rakhi Sawant. Archana Vijaya and Shibani Dandekar will be introduced by Ayushman Khuarana of Vicky Donor fame. Kokila Ben aka Rupal Patel from the TV show Saath Nibhaana Saathiya will introduce Jayati Bhatia, Pratyusha Banerjee and Giaa Manek.Cricket legend Sanath Jayasuriya will be introduced by Harbajjan Singh, film actress Isha Shravani by Bollywood actor Sonu Sood, comedian Bharti Singh by item girl Malaika Arora Khan and TV hottie Gurmeet Choudhary by host Ragini Khanna.What also makes the opening episode of Jhalak more exciting is that judge Madhuri Dixit will sing a rendition of Kabhie Kabhie and Karan Johar adds on! So don't forget to tune in tonight and watch for your favourite stars as they battle it out on the dance floor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14167091", "title": "Police attacked 18 times in last two months", "text": "ALWAR: For the past two-and-a-half months, the police, while dealing with cases of illegal mining, vehicle-lifting, robbery and dacoity have been thrashed at least 18 times. In fact, after being reprimanded by the Supreme Court a fortnight ago, the Alwar police had initiated a campaign against the mining mafia but that too turned out against them as they were again thrashed on Wednesday night.Senior police officials are clueless and are trying to figure out whether some policemen, especially the lower constabulary of a police station area was allegedly involved in giving tip off to criminals about police raids.\"It is quite surprising that during our raids at a particular place, all our local information such as the number of people on the spot and other things including whether they have arms or not has gone wrong. It was found that in many cases, policemen at local police station level were involved in giving information about raids to the criminals.\"One cannot rule out the connivance of some policemen with the land mafia who seem hand-in-gloves with them,\" said a senior police officer on Friday.Umesh Chandra Dutta, superintendent of police, Alwar who has joined the district just a month ago also admitted that in some instances lack of coordination between senior officers and concerned police station area was seen.\"I agree that in some instances there was lack of coordination but we are trying our best to ensure that such things are not repeated in future,\" he told TOI on Friday.Without ruling out the fact that in many instances policemen of lower constabulary were involved in giving tip off to the accused involved in burglary, dacoity, vehicle-lifting and illegal mining, Dutta said, \"Senior officials have been asked to keep important campaigns and raids a secret. They have been directed to inform the lower constabulary at the eleventh hour about some upcoming raids or arrests.\"Dutta also added that senior authorities have also identified many policemen in the district who were hand-in-gloves with the criminals in the district. \"Many of them were identified and we will try to nab them red-handed and refer them for stern action,\" he claimed.April 1, 2012 - Smugglers involved in illegal peddling of liquor opened fire on police at Sahdoli village in the district. One of the peddlers was held while four others managed to flee.April 24, 2012 - Unknown assailants opened fire at four challan guards and ran away with four wanted fugitives outside Tijara court premises in Alwar.April 26, 2012 - Assailants involved in mining pelted stones on police team.April 29, 2012 - Illegal miners opened fire on police team after the latter raided Nakhnaul village in Alwar district.May 6, 2012 - Smugglers involved in illegal peddling of liquor broke the barricades laid by the police. Later when police was chasing them they opened fire on the police team.May 8, 2012 - Assailants involved in vehicle lifting opened fire on police team chasing them and fled.June 10, 2012 - Unknown assailants opened fire on the police team that had gone to nab five wanted fugitives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159186", "title": "Trailer plunges into Boisar river, two dead", "text": "MUMBAI: The driver of a container trailer and his 11-year-old son were killed when their vehicle plunged into a river in Boisar on Friday morning.The vehicle, which was carrying 20,000 kg of iron scrap from Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust, was heading towards an industrial unit in Boisar. While the driver's body was fished out of the river, the son is feared dead. According to the police, the accident occurred around 4am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14169231", "title": "Ugly posters in tuition area, cops refuse help", "text": "PATIALA: Hundreds of students and parents who visit the Model Town area coaching centres are faced with embarrassing moments as some local cinema owners have pasted posters carrying screenshots of adult movies at several places. And when these people reached the concerned police station, to their surprise, the cops refused to budge and never bothered to accept even their complaint by briefly muttering: \"It is not our responsibility to remove the posters from everywhere.\"Residents say that the cinemas openly put obscene posters on display for the sake of mere advertising the movies. And, with so many school and college students frequenting the area to attend their tuitions, the posters have surely made up for an ugly site. There have been instances when boys read the posters aloud, causing much incontinence to others nearby.Gurpreet Singh, who runs a coaching centre, fumed: \"Such displays are an eyesore and the worse is the posters flaunt dirty pictures. The cinema owners have not spared even the wall of the Dashmesh Academy and the Civil Lines Government School. The cops denied us any help which is why we decided to approach higher authorities.\"People say the poster depictions are also becoming a cause of eve-teasing. They said it was only two days ago when some girls standing near the tuition centres for a short tete-a-tete were interrupted by youths, who went to the extent of forcing the girls towards the posters. It was only when the girls raised the alarm that the youth went away. One of the victims said: \"They waylaid us as the road is narrow. They stationed their car and blocked our way for some time.\"In charge of the Model Town police station, Rajesh Malhotra, feigned ignorance. Malhotra said, \"We never received any complaint from any one. If some cop refused to lodge the complaint, I should be approached directly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14160402", "title": "Wife accuses Frenchman of raping baby", "text": "BANGALORE: A top official of the French consulate here, accused of raping his nearly four-year-old daughter, was questioned on Thursday night and Friday.Pascal Mazurier, 39, deputy head of chancery, was allowed to go on Friday evening by High Grounds police, who said they are waiting for medical reports from Bowring hospital before taking the next step. The reports are expected at 11am on Saturday.Police said they are awaiting the reports because matrimonial considerations can't be ruled out. They have booked acase under IPC's Section 376.Denying the allegation by his wife, Suja Jones Mazurier, 37, an Indian, that he had physically abused their second child, Pascal protested innocence. French consulate officials were not available for comment.Sources in Bangalore Baptist Hospital - where the girl was taken on Wednesday evening by her mother after Pascal allegedly abused her - said tests had confirmed rape; doctors had made 15 remarks about the issue.\"Medical tests have confirmed rape,\" said Nina Nayak, chairperson of the Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.After the hospital confirmed rape, Suja filed a complaint with the High Grounds police station on Thursday. Police summoned Pascal for questioning twice. He repeatedly denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14166223", "title": "Under fire, UP Government to probe sugar mills scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after coming under severe criticism by the opposition parties for going easy on probing the Rs 1,200 crore sugar mill scam, the Samajwadi Party government on Friday constituted a 9-member high-level team headed by Chief Secretary Jawed Usmani to probe the anomalous sale of 21 sugar mills during former chief minister Mayawati's regime. The exact date for the commencement of the probe, however, has not been decided yet and will be conveyed by Usmani later.On Wednesday, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , in a written reply to a question raised by SP MLA Ravidas Mehrotra, ruled out any possibility of a high-level inquiry into the alleged anomalies. After stating that \"the question (of probing the irregularities) does not arise,\" the government on Friday did a volte face and ordered an inquiry. The nine-member committee includes infrastructure and industrial development commissioner A K Gupta, among others.Earlier, the Comptroller and Auditor (CAG) had submitted a report suggesting that the 21 government-owned sugar mills were under-valued by up to 30%, after which their prices were reduced further by 50% and the expected bid price disclosed to bidders.The CAG audit also suggested bids were rigged through cartelisation, aimed at benefitting two cartels -- one led by liquor baron Ponty Chadha and another by a BSP leader -- that bought the mills at throwaway prices. The CAG recommended that money should be recovered from the 'beneficiaries' responsible for scam and also recommended a probe by Enforcement Directorate (ED) to rule out money laundering and corruption in the entire transaction.The CAG report was also tabled in the Legislative Assembly for discussion.According to the CAG audit, the cartel linked to Chadha grabbed five mills, the one with BSP leader on board lapped up 10, while Indian Potash Limited bought another six. The sale process was done under the supervision of the \"core group of secretaries for disinvestment\" that comprised senior IAS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14164913", "title": "Poor turn their back on elite private schools", "text": "MANGALORE: It seems that students of economically weaker section are in no hurry to get admissions in the most sought-after private schools in the coastal city. The admission percentage to seats reserved for them under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act is just 43.28% after 15 days of the start of the academic year.Even though the department of education had reserved 1,645 seats in 143 unaided schools the in the district as per the section 12(1) (c) of the act, only 712 students sought admissions under the quota till Friday.According to Padi - Valored director Renni D'Souza lack of awareness among the poor is the major hindrance in the effective implementation of the act. \"First of all, the state government did not create awareness among the poor about the reservation. The lack of interest among officials too has contributed for the failure in implementing the act,\" he said. He added that members discussion would be held on the issue on Saturday.'Initial hiccup'Deputy director of public instructions Moses Jaysekhar attributed the failure to \"initial hiccup\". \"The issues can be rectified in the next academic year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14161788", "title": "BJP slams CM over Girinagar nod", "text": "NASHIK: In a direct criticism of the chief minister at public rally oganised in Nashik, BJP's Vinod Tawde, the leader of opposition in the legislative council, alleged that the Girinagar project in Mulshi, Pune, was okayed by the CM during his New Delhi visit and it was done at the behest of Congress leader Ahmed Patel, the political secretary of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.\"I speak on record that the Girinagar project in Mulshi taluka was cleared by CM Prtihviraj Chavan, who heads the urban development department (UDD) ministry, during his visit to New Delhi, for Congress leader Ahmed Patel, despite it being environmentally sensitive. There are records about phone calls and the manner in which the notification was issued,\" Tawde said at a public rally organized after the two-day state conclave of the BJP on Thursday night. Tawde challenged the chief minister to come clean on the allegations.The opposition leader further said that Maharashtra was being divided into many provincial states and in the current scenario, despite there being a democratic process, the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) had together reduced the state to a subhedari system.\"There is Chhagan Bhujbal, the subhedar of Nashik, Ajit Pawar of Pune, R R Patil and Jayant Patil of Sangli, Narayan Rane of Sindhudurg, Sunil Tatkare of Raigad -- these are some of the subhedars without whose nod the state government cannot appoint or transfer an officer in or from any of these areas,\" Tawde alleged.The opposition leader in the state legislative assembly, Eknath Khadse, alleged that the government had been defltly putting all questionable issues on the back burner under the pretext that the enquiries were in process.\"There are numerous corruption cases that have been unearthed with regularity, but in a democratic process all we can demand is an enquiry. The government assures us that enquiries are being conducted, but fails to ensure a time-bound process, puting the issues on the backburner,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14182132", "title": "Matrimonial sites becoming new crime spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wedding portals have become one of the most lucrative venues for new age con artistes to loot people. Cyber Crime sleuths say that hundreds of youngsters are falling prey to the sweet talk of these highly 'educated' con artistes and losing a lot of money.In the last one year, Cyber Crime sleuths recorded two cases where con artistes successfully used matrimonial sites to dupe people. The recently arrested B Tech graduate B Ravi Kishore duped 54 women by posing as an IIT graduate with a Master's degree from University of California.His predecessor, V Deepti Reddy, who was arrested by CID sleuths in 2011, lured high earning professionals by posing as an MBBS graduate. \"Though there are many such instances, only a handful of the victims approach the police as the media attention might further dampen their chances of getting a suitable partner,\" a CID official said.CID sleuths who investigated both these cases found striking similarities in the modus operandi of the two criminals and the profiles of their victims. The victims in both these cases were high earning professionals, mostly software engineers, doctors, architects and management professionals.Despite being well educated, none of the victims bothered to verify the genuineness of the profiles of the accused and police believe that the not so easily available 'suitable' partner is the reason behind it. The victims were blinded by the polished English and well respected professional life of the accused.\"Kishore, who worked in a BPO earlier, used to talk to the victims with an American accent. So, the victims never bothered to cross check his claims of being a Microsoft employee with degrees from IIT Mumbai and University of California ,\" CID additional SP, U Ram Mohan, said.To further push the victims into trusting him, Kishore always used to travel in a hired AC cab and meet the victims at five star hotels only. \"In reality, Kishore used to share a flat with some others at Miyapur in the city outskirts and he just had two pairs of formal wear,\" the investigating officer said. None of the 54 women whom he befriended through his profile on the matrimonial site knew his actual residential address but he successfully exploited 22 of them.Same was the case with Deepti Reddy who borrowed money from just over 20 people by befriending them through her doctor profile on a matrimonial site. Deepti was already married twice before she posted her profile on the website and she has two children, police said. Deepti took lakhs of rupees from several of her prospective grooms, whom she never met personally, by saying that the money is for performing surgeries on poor children.As there are lakhs of educated youth registered on these matrimonial sites, CID sleuths have suggested some steps to identify such con artistes:Always verify the profile details of the individual before becoming close to that person. Employment verification can be easily done by calling up the concerned company or by paying a personal visit.Don't give money to people with whom you become friends through online profiles even if they emotionally blackmail you.Do not indulge in online chatting, dating or get emotionally involved with people without verifying the truthfulness of their claims.None of the victims bothered to verify the genuineness of the profiles of the accused and police believe that the not so easily available 'suitable' partner is the reason behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14166610", "title": "Post-birth 'baby bump' for dads", "text": "LONDON: Weight gain by new mothers is well documented but just ahead of Father's Day a new research in the UK has claimed that dads put on around 10kg after having a child.Little consideration has been given on weight gain by new fathers , perhaps for obvious reasons . However , the research found that British men put on an average of nearly 10kg after having a child.A lack of time to exercise , increased consumption of take away meals and sleepless nights are said to be to blame as pressures mount on the 'modern dad' .The study found that 40% of new fathers are unable to pull their weight in the family home because they are so exhausted , the Daily Telegraph reported .One in ten has to \"gear himself up\" to rejoin hectic family life at the end of the working day and one quarter admit having to sneak in naps during week days in order to cope . A fifth have fallen asleep while reading to their children .Paul Keenan of Benenden Healthcare , which carried out the study in conjunction with the Men's Health Forum , said the modern lifestyle was having an impact on fatherhood .\"As we approach Father's Day , we discover that the modern dad's health is suffering under the strain from diverging pressures such as work and family life,\" he said . \"As a result , dads are taking shortcuts with their diets, leading to increased weight , more sedentary lifestyle and eventually running the risk of health scares .\"One in three of the 2,000 fathers questioned said that financial pressures and fears about job stability also played a part .Researchers warned that the family unit was suffering as a result , with many fathers claiming that they felt too fed up or too tired to play with their kids and admitting that they snapped at them as a result of being over worked and under nourished .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14166355", "title": "Complication a rare one: surgeons", "text": "MUMBAI: The case of the 30-year-old woman suffering from capsular contracture was a rare one, city doctors say. According to cosmetic surgeons, leakage, bleeding, lumps, bumps and scars are complications that people with breast implants may suffer from.Leakage, say doctors, was a problem with older silicon implants. \"The silicon implants had a bad name, as leaking was very common with them. This leads to other complications. However, the third generation (cohesive ) implants, which are currently used, have no such problem,\" said Dr Mohan Thomas, consultant cosmetic surgeon at Breach Candy Hospital.The type of implant also matters, say doctors. According to Dr Viral Desai, consultant plastic surgeon at Lilavati Hospital, there are three types of implants. \"Earlier, smooth-walled implants were used. Then came textured, and now, micro-textured implants are used. Since the micro-textured implants are uneven, their friction breaks the capsules that form around them.\"Another factor that may affect an implant is the patient's reaction. \"Some patients scar well, while others don't. No matter how well the doctor performs a surgery, if the patient's body reacts against the implant, then there is nothing that will stop a contracture from forming,\" said Dr Desai. He said about 5-7 % of total implants may see mild contractures\u2014leading to just stiffness in the breasts , which can be treated with exercises , but a grade IV contracture (as in the case of the 30-year-old woman ) is rare.Ultimately, the prevention of contractures boils down to maintenance of precision and proper conditions during the surgery. Dr Ajay Hariyani, plastic surgeon with the civic-run Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli, said a surgeon has to be very careful with an implant. If adequate aseptic precautions are taken while conducting the surgery, hardness and pain in the breasts do not occur.\"A study done in the US reveals that most contractures occur because of the gauze piece used to mop the fluids at the end of the surgery. Something as simple as using good quality material and being particular about the details always helps avoid problems ,\" said Dr Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14158151", "title": "Karankumar Kakkar\u2019s family leaves for Delhi in his BMW", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of murdered aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar left for Delhi in his BMW on Friday. Kakkar was allegedly killed by Vijay Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde in his Oberoi Springs flat in Andheri (W). The two had chopped Kakkar's body into pieces and travelled in his BMW to dump the parts in Kumbharli ghat.Kakkar's family had been assisting the police in the investigation. The cops handed over the BMW, which they had seized earlier, to the family on Friday.The police had recovered Kakkar's torso from the ghat and sent it for forensic tests. Kakkar's family had filed an application in court seeking his remains to perform the last rites. The police had filed a reply, saying the parts have been sent for forensic tests which will take over a month to be completed.Kakkar's family members said they will wait for all the tests to be completed and thereafter claim his remains for the last rites. Kakkar's brother Hanish and his mother are determined to get justice for the aspiring producer and said they will fight till the end.Kakkar went missing on March 5. Hanish had obtained CCTV footage from a Malad mall which showed Palande and Shinde using Kakkar's ATM card. He submitted the footage to the Amboli police on March 12 and urged them to interrogate Palande. Hanish stayed in Kakkar's flat for 20 days before returning to Delhi by March-end after the police allegedly didn't show interest in the case.Palande and his aides were later arrested by the Oshiwara police in connection with the murder of Delhi businessman Arun Tikku. The probe was subsequently transferred to the crime branch. When Hanish saw Palande on TV, he came to Mumbai with his mother to assist the crime branch in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14164035", "title": "Law on pesky SMS has disturbing subtext", "text": "KOCHI: If you are male and enjoy the occasional naughty banter, there is reason for you to become extra cautious. According to the draft bill of the Kerala Protection of Privacy and Dignity of Women Act, an unwanted SMS text sent to a woman will be treated as harassment and intrusion of privacy, and get you three years in jail.Explaining that any SMS which questions the dignity of women will be considered an unwanted message, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said, \"The woman will decide whether the message is unwanted or not. If she finds the message offensive, we will register a complaint and act\".At a time when Malayali society is just beginning to encourage free mixing between the sexes, as well as becoming technologically savvy, not everybody is sure about that 'unwanted' bit.Organizations that believe men are the newly oppressed are of course furious. \"It is unfair on men. How can sending an SMS harm a woman's dignity? There is every possibility that it will be misused,\" said Vinod Krishna, Kerala member of the All India Men's Welfare Association.Most women activists, however, welcomed the move. \"Such an act is the need of the hour. There is an increase in cases where women are sent unwanted SMS or missed calls to win their confidence and build relationships. Later, they are exploited by the same men,\" said Cultural Academy for Peace chairperson Beena Sebastian.The draft defines harassment as any indecent conduct or act by a person which causes fear, shame or embarrassment to a woman. It also includes intrusion into privacy by unwanted SMS or phone call, besides video graphing, voice recording, photographing, collection of images through mobile phone, morphing, internet circulation of a child or woman's image or voice without her knowledge or blackmailing using such image, recorded video or voice and abusing or causing hurt, nuisance or assault.Home secretary Sajan Peter clarified that the law will come into effect only after the necessary debate. \"Our thoughts have been put on paper to include everything that questions the dignity of women. \"Based on suggestions from women activists and others, the act will be finalised in consultation with the law department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14168396", "title": "Electricity theft rampant in suburbs", "text": "CHENNAI: Fifty two-year-old K Shanmugam built a house in Ganeshpuram at Padappai near Tambaram. Shanmugam has been paying his electricity dues regularly but not to the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB).He paysRs 500tooneof thehouseownersin thelocality irrespective of the amount of electricity he has consumed. His is not an isolatedcase.Power theft is rampant in suburbs like Perungudi, Thoraipakkam, Sholinganallur, Pallavaram, Pammal, Anakaputhur, Sembakkam and Padappai. In Ganeshpuram, power theft is stolen by putting a hook with a wire on the main power line connected to a pole. The power drawn is usually enough to run a table fan, bulb or TV.In fact, in Ganeshpuram, more than 70 houses enjoy unlimited supply of electricity, drawing power illegally from lines criss-crossing the neighbourhood. The owners of these houses in a shanty settlement do not have title deeds and hence are not eligible for a power line from TNEB. \"We complained to the area engineer of the TNEB in Padappai but no action wastaken.AsGaneshpuram is near the industrial hub of Oragadam, many unauthorised structures, mainly houses, have come up on vacant plots. The owners of these structures indulge in power theft,\" said S Vadivel, a resident. Cases of power theft have been increasing over the past four years. In 2008-09, 4,425 cases were detected. It rose to 6,230 cases in 2010-11. By 2011-12, the anti-power theft squad of TNEB detected 8,563cases.TNEB officials conducted a surprise check at Ganeshapuram a few months ago but power theft still continues.Fear and unchecked development scuttle the electricity board's efforts to check power theft, a TNEB official said. Officials said power theft is rampant by encroachments, especially houses built near water bodies, slums and developing areas like the IT Corridor and Oragadam. \"We do not goinsideslumsin Perungudi on OMR to disconnect illegal power connections aswe get threatened by the occupants,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14164992", "title": "Their armour for perfect volleys, slices and spins", "text": "LUDHIANA: Swiss lawn tennis maestro Roger Federer became ATP no 1 player in 2004 and has, since then, had a personal racquet tuner Nate Ferguson. A tennis player's most important armour is his/her racquet and the masters of the game not just use the best racquets but tune them according to the opponent and climate at the venue. Every skill a player displays on the court, from slice to spin, comes out perfect only if the racquet is just perfect too.The Ludhianvi tennis players too are quite selective when buying their racquets. Fatehdeep Singh, the budding international player from the city, possesses eight racquets at present and says he loves each of these.Apart from Fatehdeep, other young players of tennis in the city are also particular about using the racquet that suits their game. Ankush, 15, a player from BRS Nagar, has three racquets, each costing about Rs 14,000, while 18-year-old Ikshvanku Sharma of Tagore Garden has two racquets, each worth about Rs 8,000. Sarvesh Maria of Kitchlu Nagar and Abhin of Civil Lines use racquets which cost about Rs 7,000.South City resident Fatehdeep says all his racquets are of the same brand but he has purchased them from different places, including the two he imported from US. \"Grip and racquet weight are very important for me. My racquets weigh about 300 grams, like those of most other Indian players,\" says Fatehdeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14163578", "title": "Awards distributed on World Blood Donor Day", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Therumo Penpol Ltd, in association with Confederation of India Industries and State NSS Cell, celebrated World Blood Donor Day at Vylopilly Samskrithi Bhavan on Thursday.VSSC bagged the award for the best institution promoting voluntary blood donation among public sector companies and Infosys Technologies Limited bagged the award for the best institution promoting voluntary blood donation among private sector companies. MP Shashi Tharoor , Therumo Penpol MD C Balagopal, CII Trivandrum Chapter chairman and Terumo Penpol Ltd executive director C Padmakumar and Terumo Penpol Ltd chairman Yoshihiro Kimura were present.Regular blood donors from across Kerala were honored at the function. Awards were presented to best blood donor motivators and best NSS program officers, NGOs, best male and female donors and regular donors of the state.K P Rajagopalan, who has donated blood 98 times, bagged the best blood donor motivator award.Posters and leaflets on blood donation were distributed to the public and to school students.Designing a 'thank you blood donor greeting card' contest was organized for school and college students. Shashi Tharoor, who spoke on the occasion said that he would help the government introduce the concept of total blood security and a community blood center to improve the blood shortage in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14167002", "title": "'Sikar growing as an education hub'", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday was in Sikar district where he unveiled a statue of martyr Subhash Chandra Mangava and also inaugurated a 132 KV grid sub-station and a Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra.Addressing a public meeting at Ralawata after unveiling the statue of Mangava, the chief minister lauded the youth of the Shekhawati region for their unmatched courage to serve the country.Mentioning the various flagships programmes initiated by the state and the Centre, Gehlot said it was appreciable that the district is growing as an education hub. \"It is good to see so many private institutes coming up in the region. This has vastly improved the quality of education. While the youth should try for government jobs, they should also concentrate on sectors like agriculture,'' he said.Gehlot made a special mention of the various projects of the state government including the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna, distribution of free medicines, BPL housing schemes among others. Cabinet ministers Jitendra Singh , Rajendra Pareek, A A Khan and PCC president Chandrabhan were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "14160440", "title": "Ulhasnagar civic official fined Rs 25k for withholding information", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: An information officer of the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) has been fined Rs 25,000 for withholding information sought by a retired teacher under the Right To Information (RTI) Act. Kumar Sukheja, a retired teacher of a UMC school wanted to develop a plot in Ulhasnagar in 2007. However due to illness, he postponed the plan. In 2011, when he tried to develop the plot, UMC officials refuse to renew the plan.On April 2, 2011, Sukheja submitted an application to the town planning department of UMC under the RTI Act to get information about renewals between November 2010 to April 2011. The application was received by the information officer on the same day.However, when Sukheja did received the data within the stipulated period, he made his first appeal to a higher officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176982", "title": "David Hasselhoff wants to buy castle for girlfriend", "text": "The 'Baywatch' star David Hasselhoff has admitted that he wants to buy a castle for his Welsh girlfriend Hayley Roberts.The actor, who has already named his yet-to-purchase place, the 'Hassel Castle', reportedly came up with the idea, when he was in Cardiff, Wales staying at the hotel where he met Hayley, 32, last year.\"I'm looking for Hassel Castle but everything I've seen so far is too big!\"avid recently declared he doesn't need to use drugs to treat erectile dysfunction like many men his age,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling the Sun.The 59-year-old star even claimed that he would like to die in bed with the pretty blonde if he could choose the best place to pass away.\"Someone asked if I could pick how I could die. It would be in bed with my Welsh woman. She is the best sex of my life - it's ridiculous,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158617", "title": "NHAI not keen on wildlife mitigation on NH-6", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) locked horns over mitigation measures as suggested by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun.At a meeting on Wednesday in Delhi, NHAI officials said the suggestions by WII were impractical and impossible to implement. The meeting was attended by NTCA member-secretary Rajesh Gopal, WII director P R Sinha, APCCF (wildlife) A K Saxena, Maharashtra, NHAI's V K Sharma, Wildlife Trust of India's (WTI) Ashok Kumar and others.The WII had reviewed mitigation measures by NHAI after making field visit and had submitted a report to the NTCA last month. On NH-6, NHAI has been asked to construct underpasses for animals from 1 to 2 kms in length and 7 metres in height in stretches between Maramjob-Bahmni (4.150km), Bamhni-Duggipar (3.050km) and Sakoli-Mundipar (3.200km) falling between Bhandara and Gondia districts.Apart from these, WII has also proposed two additional structures in completed patch between Sirpur-Nawatola (6.300km). These stretches will bifurcate wildlife corridors between Kanha, Pench, Navegaon, Nagzira and Tadoba protected areas (PAs).Sources attending the meeting told TOI that NHAI officials expressed reluctance to implement the WII recommendations. They said underpasses such dimensions would cost too much and argued that in Rajaji National Park in Uttarakhand, crossovers of 6-metre height have been constructed for elephants.On NH-6, if the WII suggestions were accepted, it would need Rs 891 crore in Maharashtra section and Rs 300 crore in Chhattisgarh section. \"Our total project cost in both the states was Rs 825 crore - Rs 425 crore in Maharashtra and Rs 400 crore in Chhattisgarh,\" NHAI officials said. They also added that this huge amount would mean massive increase in toll tax.The NHAI officials also claimed that not a single animal had died on widened sections of NH-6. In fact, three leopards have died on NH-6 in the last two years and a tigress had fallen in a well in Katlabodi near Nagpur due to road-widening, that breaks corridors.The NTCA and WII officials made it clear that there will be no compromise on recommendations. P R Sinha refused to comment but said the report would go to the government which would have to take a call.A K Saxena was not available for comments but he is learnt to have taken a firm stand that NHAI should not have started work on NH-6 when forest clearance was awaited. It violated the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) 1980. NHAI was asked to give in writing its objections on WII report. The WII said it would reply promptly.The WTI officials at the meeting said there was need to map all the roads proposed to be widened and those cutting through the wildlife corridors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14159895", "title": "Gujarat Gas Company Limited revises CNG prices to Rs 51.95 per kg", "text": "SURAT: After petrol prices, it is time for the consumers in south Gujarat to feel the pinch in CNG again.Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL) has announced the revision of CNG price from the current Rs 49.75 to Rs 51.95 per kilogram, a 4.4 per cent hike. The new price will come into effect from Saturday at all the GGCL's gas dispensing stations in Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar.This is the third consecutive CNG price revision announced by the company in the last six months. The first revision was announced on February 29 when prices were raised from Rs 43.40 to Rs 44.95 per kilogram and the second came on April 27 when they were revised from Rs 44.95 to Rs 49.75 per kilogram.In the last six months the company has increased the prices by Rs 8.55 per kilogram. The company said the price revision is primarily due to rupee depreciation as 100 per cent of the gas is purchased in dollar value. Any fluctuation in the conversion rates, impacts the gas cost directly.Sources said the price of CNG distributed by all the City Gas Distributors (CCDs) in the state like GSPC Gas Company (GGC), a subsidiary of state-run Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), Adani Energy Limited (AEL), Sabarmati Gas and HPCL have crossed Rs 50 mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14159300", "title": "3 suspended in contractor suicide case", "text": "PANAJI: The government has ordered the suspension of three PWD officials-an executive engineer, assistant engineer and technical assistant-in connection with the suicide by contractor Vishwas Harmalkar and handed the case to crime branch and anti-corruption branch (ACB).Speaking to media persons on Friday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said disciplinary proceedings were initiated against the three officers after submission of a report of inquiry conducted by north Goa additional collector AW Rane to the government, recommending the action.From P 1The PWD contractor had hanged himself on May 18, in a hotel at Mayem, Bicholim, leaving a suicide note referring to a large amount of dues pending with PWD.A few weeks back, Parrikar had conceded that the PWD contractor may have been depressed about financial woes caused by the need to pay kickbacks to secure the contract.On Friday, Parrikar said, \"The giving of an advance of Rs 22.61 lakh to the contractor is fraudulent.\" Though no materials were shown as purchased, the advance was paid probably to be extracted as kickback, he added.The contractor had constructed a school in Upper Bazaar, Ponda. \"There was no question mark about the quality of the work,\" Parrikar said. In Pernem, another building was under construction by the contractor. The cost of both works amounted to over Rs 2 crore.The joint team will probe charges of abetment of murder and suicide, among other aspects. The police have now been directed to investigate if the contractor was harassed and if it induced his suicide, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174984", "title": "Mamata turns to Facebook, seeks support for Kalam", "text": "KOLKATA, Taking up the campaign for APJ Abdul Kalam online, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Saturday said her choice of the Presidential candidate was the choice of millions of Indians.Debuting on social networking site Facebook, she wrote in her first post, \"I gave voice to what millions of Indians want to see in a President.\"Refusing to budge from her stand, she said, \"My party is a small party. We are not a big party with none of the resources others possess. We are led by truth and conviction. All through my life I have stood by my principles. I stand by the position I have taken\".Stating that the will of the people is supreme in a democracy, Banerjee requested fellow citizens to petition their public representatives to stand up, support and vote for Kalam.\"Let your voice be heard. I will bow to the will of the people,\" she said.Describing the 'missile man' as a proud and distinguished son of India who continues to inspire all Indians, the chief minister said Kalam remains above narrow politics.\"He is a seeker of truth, a fount of knowledge and an impartial voice of reason and sanity, who is above narrow politics. He is the kind of man all our citizens aspire to make President,\" Banerjee said.The TMC chief had joined hands with SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to propose the name of Kalam. However, the SP later broke away and pledged support to Pranab Mukherjee , leaving the West Bengal Chief Minister totally isolated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14166306", "title": "Cops gear up for Kumbh Mela, Local bodies polls challenge", "text": "LUCKNOW: Kumbh Mela and the local bodies' polls would be testing the acumen of the UP police. While, the Kumbh would be held in Allahabad in 2013, voting for the urban local bodies' polls in Lucknow would take place on June 23.Additional director general of police law &amp; order and crime Jag Mohan Yadav said that stress this time is more on keeping the men in uniform more visible, as the very presence of the men in uniform helps spread a sense of security among the common people. Elections are to be held in 10,842 wards for 602 local bodies in four phases. On the basis of previous records, of the 9,722 polling stations, as many as 4,117 have been marked as hyper-sensitive, while 3,239 as sensitive. For the sake of seamless supervision, the entire state has been mapped under 1,024 zones comprising 2,502 sectors.According to the ADG, for the first phase, which will cover 18 districts, as many as 90 companies of PAC and 40,250 policemen and home guards will be deployed. As many as 100 companies of PAC and central para military forces coupled with 39,600 officers, policemen and homeguards will be deputed for the second phase which will cover 17 districts. The corresponding figures for the third phase covering 20 districts and fourth phase covering 18 districts will be 90 and 80 companies of state and central para military forces along with 32,450 and 29,650 officers, policemen and homeguards respectively. This does not include 12 companies of Rapid Action Force (RAF) that will be deputed as reserves in districts which have the highest number of hyper-sensitive and sensitive polling stations, Jag Mohan Yadav said.For Kumbh Mela, 42 companies of PAC will be deployed apart from 8 flood companies of the force to man the waters during the snaans (holy dip) at the Sangam. Apart from the district force in Allahabad, a senior superintendent of police (SSP) will be posted as in charge of the overall security of the Mela region. He will lead a team of 12 additional SPs (ASPs), 50 Deputy SPs (DySPs), 50 police inspectors, 550 sub inspectors (SIs) among the officer ranks, said ADG Jag Mohan Yadav..The UP police has also sought 5 DySPs, 100 SIs, 50 HCs and 200 constables along 5 traffic police SIs and 50 traffic police constables from the Uttarakhand for deployment during the Kumbh Mela, Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14180901", "title": "180 Gujarat cities to get private bus service", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state urban development department will now introduce private public transport system for 180 cities in Gujarat-including all municipal corporations. This is part of a Rs 2,000 crore urban mobility plan that the state has constituted.For improving urban mobility, the government plans to set aside Rs 200 crore over the next five years for introducing private bus service on a PPP model and then another Rs 500 crore on improving traffic management plans of Gujarat cities and towns. By the end of this year the state government plans to spent Rs 25 crore towards city traffic management plan.\"With the peripheral areas of Gujarat cities fast developing and new job areas created and rising fuel prices mobility becomes an important aspect of city life. Sanand auto hub, Kalol, Mehamdabad and other satellite growth centers will see industries and residential needs in Ahmedabad. It is the same around Surat , Rajkot and Vadodara too. In our plans all B-class towns or Nagarpalikas too are included,\" a senior urban development official said.The UDD also plans to spent another Rs 500 crore on constructing ring roads, flyovers railway overbridge and radial roads in cities. There will be also be an integrated mobility plan for the city where concerns of the elderly, children , cyclists and pedestrians will be taken care of as they are vulnerable road users .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14162486", "title": "Mamata Banjerjee puts up brave face, says game\u2019s not over", "text": "KOLKATA: Trapped in a corner by pushing political brinkmanship too far, chief minister Mamata Banjerjee on Friday fought to salvage her image, saying, \"The game is not over. Wait till tomorrow. I will not deviate from my stand.\" This triggered speculation that she may be discreetly building bridges with the BJP-led NDA, which is due to announce its stand on the Presidential polls on Saturday,Her gamble having backfired, Mamata stands isolated in the political scene. Irrespective of whether Pranab Mukherjee becomes president or not, the Trinamool Congress's bitter honeymoon with the Congress is over. It's just a matter of time, although Pranab seemed to hold the door open for her, saying Mamata was like a \"sister\" and he expected her support. She will find the NDA option difficult, too, for fear of antagonizing her minority support base.Typical of her tendency to take political gambles to extreme levels, Mamata left no escape door for herself. The Trinamool has no option but to quit UPA, and Mamata will be left with the difficult job of running the debt-ridden state without the Centre's help.Mamata's predicament is almost a repeat of 2001, when she walked out of NDA in a huff. Her party was nearly wiped out in the next Lok Sabha and assembly elections \u2014 in 2004, she was the lone Trinamool MP and in 2006 the party won a mere 30 seats in the Bengal assembly. She is in a much stronger position now, which may have spurred her into taking an audacious gamble.Mamata may have tried to get back at the Congress for being denied a moratorium on the debt. But her calculations to weaken the Congress and emerge as the leader of a powerful group on the national scene boomeranged. If anything, UPA has emerged strong and Congress now has a golden chance to dump a \"troublesome baggage\".The Bengal chief minister may have already made up her mind to leave the company of Congress in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections but she seems to have played her cards too soon.Mamata's biggest mistake, perhaps, was that she banked too much on Mulayam Singh Yadav, who has a history of flip-flops. Party insiders say that she might have been misguided by some new advisors and a few aides of Mulayam. Mamata, however, condoned the Samajwadi Party chief's U-turn, saying: \"Politicians have many compulsions.\"Many Trinamool leaders were unhappy with her decision to oppose Pranab's candidature, but they did not dare speak up, say sources.True to character, Mamata took a confrontational attitude from the start, rather than try out other methods of getting her message across. It is not clear what was Mamata's logic in joining hands with Mulayam, more so when her link to the Samajwadi Party chief is Kiranmoy Nanda, who was a minister for 29 years in the Left Front government. But it's apparent that she couldn't read the situation properly.Mamata believed that the Congress has lost credibility with the fuel price hike and rising inflation, and that it stands little chance in the next election. She, perhaps, reasoned that if she could humiliate Congress in the Presidential polls and set the platform for mid-term polls, she could increase her bargaining power at the Centre. With the Left still reeling, Mamata hoped to win an overwhelming number of the 40 Lok Sabha seats and play king-maker in national politics.The gamble failed. Now, for all practical purposes out of UPA, the CM will find it increasingly difficult to manage things in the state in the coming two years. Delhi is sure to tighten the purse strings further now. Mamata could have also done with the Centre's help in dealing with issues like Darjeeling and the Maoist violence. Besides, Trinamool may have to give up the prize portfolio of the railways.Some political observers feel that even if Mamata had reservations against Pranab Mukherjee becoming President she should have realized that she would not be able to block it. If she let it pass, it would have given her an opportunity to build a new equation with the new finance minister and try to secure a financial bailout package for Bengal.It was, perhaps, the wrong decision to take when she is under no threat in Bengal, at least for the moment. CPM is still in no position to gain from her humiliation. The impact, if any, of Mamata's loss of face will be seen in the panchayat polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14163575", "title": "LDF says opposition trying to topple present ruling alliance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If the victory of R Selvaraj in the Neyyattinkara byelection has stabilized the UDF government, it seems to have an opposite effect in the LDF-led city corporation.In the 100-member council, the ruling LDF has a majority of one seat. LDF sources have confirmed that a coordinated move has already been initiated by the opposition to topple the present ruling council.An LDF councillor and head of a standing committee did not hide the apprehension. \"The victory of Selvaraj has busted the myth that a 'betrayer' tag can go against you. It will surely give confidence to some of our councillors, who have been restless for quite sometime,\" he said.According to sources, BJP and UDF have agreed to lure three LDF councillors into their camps. The BJP is banking on a reported rift between an LDF councillor and the local party leadership. If the councillor is forced to resign, BJP believes that its candidate stands a good chance in the byelection from that ward. On the other hand UDF is desperately trying to entice two women LDF councillors to its camp. Earlier also there have been attempts to influence the same councillors.In the 100 member city council, the ruling LDF has 51 members. UDF has 41 and BJP has six members. Two members are independent candidates. \"If UDF manages to rope in two to three councillors, we will certainly think about lending our support to them,\" a senior BJP councillor said. The LDF ruling council members are already aware of it.\"We know that the future of council is uncertain. We have intimated our top leadership. We can only hope that nothing goes wrong,\" a ruling council member said. Meanwhile, Deputy Mayor Happy Kumar admitted that the future of the present council is not so bright. \"There are many councillors who come to me and tell me about the offers they get. You never know who will betray. But all I can say is that this is not a good trend and this is not the way democracy should function,\" he said.According to sources, BJP and UDF have agreed to lure three LDF councillors into their camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162757", "title": "PM calls K Chandrasekhar Rao, seeks support for Pranab's candidature", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday called up TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao and sought his party's support for UPA's Presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today congratulated KCR on the TRS victory in Parkal assembly bypoll. PM urged TRS to support UPA's Presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee,\" TRS sources said.When contacted for his response, TRS MLA K Taraka Rama Rao said he felt that there may not be a contest at all for the post of President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14179170", "title": "Indians crash out from AEGON Championships", "text": "LONDON: It was a bad day in office for the Indians as the pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , and Leander Paes and his new South African partner, Kevin Anderson crashed out of the AEGON Championships after losing their respective matches.While Bhupathi and Bopanna lost their quarterfinal match to Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Canada's Daniel Nestor , 7-6(7) 6-4, Paes and Anderson failed to clear the second-round hurdle, going down to the Serbian pair of Janko Tipsarevic and Nenad Zimonjic , 6-2 4-6 7-10.The Belarussian-Canadian pair took an hour and 13 minutes to down the fifth seeded Indian duo.While the Bhupathi-Bopanna combo failed to convert any of the three breakpoints they got, they could manage to save as many as nine out of 10 that their opponents got.It was just one breakpoint that the World No. 1 and recent Roland Garros winners -- Mirnyi and Nestor -- could use to their advantage and that helped them seal the match in their favour.Mirnyi and Nestor did not drop serve during the match. The unseeded duo of Paes and Anderson, who had come from a set down to beat Frenchmen Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut 6-7(1) 7-5 10-5 in the first round yesterday, failed to carry the momentum in the next match of the day.Even as the Indian-South African pair started off well to win the first set comfortably, 6-2, the seventh seeded Serbian combo proved to be too strong for them in the next two sets.The battle lasted an hour and nine minutes before the Serbians sailed into the quarterfinals of the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177714", "title": "London calling for Munisha Khatwani", "text": "Celebrity tarot card reader and television actress Munisha Khatwani, who was last seen on Survivors India, has flown to the UK for two weeks.\"I am going to London for 14 days for work, which is tarot reading. I am looking forward to this trip as the weather during this time of the year will be cool and I'm hoping to enjoy my stay there.\" This will be Munisha's second visit to London. \"I will be meeting my friends and also do some tarot reading.\"Munisha, who had a great time on Survivor India , is looking for some good work on television and doesn't mind if it's a reality or fiction show. \"I have been meeting people and discussing things but nothing concrete has materialized till now. I am confident that something will happen soon. Once I am back from London, I will start exploring again\". Khatwani started her acting career with the popular TV serial Just Mohabbat and went on to do shows like Shaadi No. 1 , Sajan Tum Jhooth Mat Bolo and Acting Acting .Bon Voyage to Munisha who will be sorely missed by her Page 3 friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159582", "title": "CBI\u2019s proposed new charges vague: Judge", "text": "MUMBAI: Referring to the CBI's likelihood of adding new charges to the Adarsh housing scam FIR, the special CBI judge called them vague. Special judge M V Kulkarni made this observation in an order on the bail application of Brig (retd) M M Wanchu, an accused in the scam. In May and June Wanchu and eight other accused were granted bail after the CBI failed to file the chargesheet within 60 days.The CBI in its reply to the applications had told the court that it was probing to see if two IPC sections\u2014409 and 467\u2014could be added to the existing charges. If the sections are added, the time limit for filing the chargesheet would be extended by 30 days. Kulkarni said, \"How an offence is committed under sections 409 and 467 has not been made sufficiently clear and there was no material to attract the offences.\"Referring to the charges against Wanchu, the judge said, \"Even if land is assumed to be belonging to the state government, it was not entrusted to the present applicant (Wanchu). The applicant had no authority to allot the said plot to Adarsh.\" Referring to accused no. 13 (former CM Ashok Chavan ), the judge said he has \"not at all been arrested which means his involvement is either not certain, or investigation into his role is already established or not required to be investigated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14158777", "title": "SC, ST, OBC students to compete on merit too", "text": "PANAJI: Professional college seat aspirants from scheduled caste (SC), scheduled tribe (ST) and other backward classes (OBC) will now have the opportunity to compete on merit too in the general category other than the reserved category of seats, when the merit list is prepared as per the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) scores.\"All these years, we have been preparing the merit list for the reserved seats first and then the general category. From this year on, the merit list for the general category will be prepared first. Here, those in the reserved category - SC, ST, OBC candidates - will be able to compete on merit. SC, ST, OBC students who cannot get into the general category list will then get a chance through the reserved category list,\" deputy director for technical education Pradip Kusnur said.The new decision will give SC, ST and OBC candidates a better chance at a professional seat as they can compete in both categories.\"If an SC, ST, OBC student can get a better rank in the medicine merit list, for instance, as he has the merit for it, there is no reason why he should not compete with the best,\" Kusnur said.GCET is held by the directorate of technical education for admissions to seats in professional degree courses of medicine, dentistry, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy.\"The reserved category students, who are able to get a seat under the general category on merit, will also be eligible for the same tuition fee concession, provided to them by the state government,\" Kusnur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14170140", "title": "Zila panchayat evades arrest", "text": "DHANBAD: Ramadhir Singh, the chairman of the Balia zila panchayat (UP) who is wanted in the murder case of senior Congress leader Suresh Singh since December last year, succeeded to evade arrest at the Dhanbad district and sessions court despite heavy police presence on the court premises.Ramadhir along with his brother Bachcha Singh, a former irrigation minister, had appeared before the additional district and sessions judge here in connection with another murder case of Katras. The court had asked him to appear before it earlier to record his statement, but he had failed to appear on health grounds. On Friday, he recorded his statement as an accused. Binod Singh, a coal merchant was gunned down at Bhagatdih near Katras More on July 15, 1998. Ramadhir, Bachcha Singh, their nephew Rajiv Ranjan and Anil Yadav were accused in the case. Both Singh brothers were told to record their statements as the remaining two accused were declared absconders.On Friday, police had made preparations for his arrest in the Suresh Singh murder case. But, soon after recording the statement in the Binod Singh murder case, Ramadhir disappeared. He had attended the meeting of the Janata Majdoor Singh, a union of coal workers, and also attended a meeting in memory of his brother Suryadeo Singh, whose death anniversary was observed on Friday. Police had sent summons to Ramadhir to appear before the investigating officer for recording his statement in the Suresh Singh murder case. But, Ramadhir did not appear before police.District police had deployed personnel right from Randhir Verma circle to the district and sessions court premises to arrest Ramadhir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14162834", "title": "Dance with stars, act like one", "text": "KOLKATA: The second day of Kolkata For Kids, an initiative of The Times of India, proved to be a double bonus for children. Not only did they learn the basics of dance but also got to show their acting skills at two back-to-back workshops.In the first session on day two, kids made a beeline to attend the hour-long dance workshop by Tanushree Shankar at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on Friday.The session kicked off with the danseuse teaching children the 'namaskar'. This was followed by a performance of Tanushree's dance troupe. The stellar act left the audience mesmerized. It was time for kids to switch back to the learning mode with Tanushree teaching the eager learners a few nuances of the 'Shankar Technique of New Dance'. The danseuse described the technique a style which is Indian in origin and spirit, but modern in presentation, with a universal spirit. \"Today's session was like a teaser. I wanted to give the kids a feel of what dance is. I have taught them the very basics and hope at least few of them will stick to dancing and take it up seriously eventually,\" Tanushree said. The little ones were all praises for the workshop.Aastha Shah has been learning western dance since the last eight years. Friday was the first time she took lessons in a different style of dance. \"It's been sometime since I wanted to learn dance from Tanushree Shankar. And when I read about the workshop in the paper, I couldn't have missed it for anything,\" said Aastha.Another young participant, Shramana Jana, thought the session will be essentially about classical dance forms. But at the end of the workshop she was really happy. \"I came to this workshop to learn something different, something that was fun. I loved it and want to thank The Times of India for such a lovely initiative,\" she said.Such was their enthusiasm for dance, that children did not want Tanushree to bring the session to a close. Parents were equally happy. \"I think I will let my daughter take up dance classes now. I really loved the workshop. I plan to enroll my daughter in the Tanushree Shankar Dance Academy,\" Kakoli Dey, a mother of a teen said.The second session of the day was an acting workshop conducted by actor Swastika Mukherjee. The hour-long event was a laugh riot from the very beginning. The interactive session left the children asking for more with some feeling that it ended too soon. From enacting cartoon characters Doremon and Shrek to stand-up comedy, the kids had a gala time. \"I wanted to make the kids more socially expressive. I planned to try out various facial expressions with them.I deliberately did not want to make it very stressful for the kids,\" said Swastika. Class XII-student Rishi, who aspires to become an actor, left everyone including Swastika in splits with his performance of 'donkey' from Shrek. Many kids volunteered to do an extempore. \"The session was amazing. I really loved it. I got to learn a lot from the session especially modulation of voice,\" said Class-VII student Sayani Saha. The event ended with distribution of certificates of participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167400", "title": "Jain siblings death: new counsel for accused", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Sharmila will appear as the defence counsel in the Jain sibling's murder case. She will represent Manoharan, the accused, when the case comes up for hearing on June 18. She comes on board after four lawyers who had represented the accused have withdrawn from the case.\"I had taken up several cases assigned by the legal aid cell where I had successfully defended the accused. I plan to cross examine the 126 witnesses. This is a difficult case and I will do my best,\" said Sharmila. Coimbatore District Legal Services Authority appointed Sharmila as defense counsel on Friday. She boasts of 14 years experience as a lawyer.Manoharan had approached the legal aid cell for assistance based on which M Irudhayaraj was appointed as his counsel in March 2011. Meanwhile, the state had appointed special public prosecutor J Shankara Narayanan to conduct the trial.On May 23, 2012, S Rajendran replaced Irudhayaraj as per Manoharan's request. He had also demanded a retrial which the court rejected. He resigned due to personal inconvenience and advocate M Kalaiselvan was deputed as his defense counsel. The accused again pleaded for a replacement and T Vadivel took the case on June 11 this year. However, he was forced to withdraw from the case on June 14 due to family and social pressure.Ten-year-old R Muskan Jain was brutally raped before her body was dumped in the Parambikulam-Aliyar-Project (PAP) canal near Ankalakurichi, Pollachi in Coimbatore district along with that of her brother R Hirithik on October 29, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180904", "title": "Robert Pattinson clicks his fans' pics as revenge!", "text": "Robert Pattinson , who struggles to deal with constant attention, has devised a method of tackling his overzealous fans when he wants some time to himself.The Twilight heartthrob has admitted that when he finds people taking his photos at various restaurants, he walks up to them and just starts clicking dozens of their pics in return.\"I'm quite sensitive to people. You pick up on moods quicker, I think. I'm also really good at sensing if someone is around. It's weird, it's like a sixth sense ,\" the Daily express quoted him as telling Metro newspaper.\"I always know if someone's taking a picture as well... You see people just taking a picture casually at a different (restaurant) table. I've got into the habit now of going up to people with my phone with the flash on and just start taking pictures two inches away from their face,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14158941", "title": "Siolim pastor in trouble again", "text": "MAPUSA: The 5 Pillars Christian church pastor Domnic D'Souza and his retreat centre at Sodiem-Siolim is once again in the news, this time for the death of a visitor.Amarsai Mitha Ekka of Raigad-Chhatisgarh complained to Mapusa police that on June 10 at about 2pm, the accused Domnic D'Souza and his associates 'knowingly neglected to give timely medical attention to his brother' who had fallen from a staircase at the centre.Police said that Gabrial Ekku alias Tejkumar, 45, from Aradi-Candolim had visited the church along with a friend. He was given a blessing by D'Souza and later he fell down.His friend brought it to the notice of D'Souza and his associates but they neglected it considering it as the effect of blessings. Later, his friend noticed blood flowing from the victim's nose and raised the alarm at about 6pm. He was later shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, where he died while undergoing treatment at about 3am on June 11.Police said that the complaint alleged that Tejkumar had sustained serious bodily injuries due to an accidental fall from a staircase after attending the prayer services.The accused is in the process of being arrested and police have registered an offence under Section 304-A IPC.PSI V P Adwalkar is investigating further. D'Souza was banned from entering the village for 60 days by the court after the clash with the locals during Easter night in April.The ban was lifted nearly a week back and D'Souza began his activity of holding prayers sessions at the centre once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162713", "title": "Housing and Urban Development Corporation prefers land as collateral, not sewerage treatment plants", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) refusing to accept assets such as sewerage treatment plants (STPs) and reservoirs as collateral, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) is making efforts to identify open land for the Rs 1,000 crore loan for the Godavari drinking water supply project ( Maulana Abul Kalam Srujala Sravanthi).Hudco agreed to sanction the loan when the Water Board approached it last year but wanted open land as collateral.\"In a letter to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department, the Hudco said it prefers open land as collateral to infrastructural assets like STPs and reservoirs,\" a senior Water Board official told TOI.The Water Board has short-listed 500 acres of open land located in the vicinity of STPs and reservoirs in the city. The land has been identified at five areas -- Sahebnagar, Gungal, Hydernagar, Peddapur and Singaapur -- in and around the city.The Water Board has already submitted a detailed project report (DPR) of the Krishna phase-III to the government and it may launch it shortly. In fact, Hudco, in principle, agreed to give a loan of Rs 1,600 crore for the Krishna phase-III. \"Though the Krishna water project is also important for us, we are giving priority to complete the Godavari drinking water project and aim to commission it by 2013,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14168802", "title": "Rishang urges Congressmen to strengthen party", "text": "IMPHAL: Veteran Congress leader Rishang Keishing, who is one of the two surviving members of the first Lok Sabha, said Congress is the best party to serve the nation and urged Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) members to strengthen the party.\"My long-term experience in politics proves that Congress is the best party and people who are in the party should strengthen it to ensure they can serve the society and the nation better,\" said Keishing (93), who represents Manipur in Rajya Sabha.Keishing, while addressing a meeting organized to felicitate him by Manipur PCC at Congress Bhavan here on Thursday evening, advised party workers to maintain discipline. \"As a disciplined Congressman, I resigned from the chief minister's post even though I had good support from the party's legislators. I did it because I obeyed the party high command's decision,\" said Rishang, while asking workers not to leave the party.In 2001, when 13 of the 14 Congress MLAs defected from the party, Keishing sat alone on the opposition bench.Keishing, who was sworn in four times as chief minister of the state, was elected as MP to the first Lok Sabha from the Outer Manipur Parliamentary Constituency on an Indian Socialist Party ticket in 1952.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176118", "title": "Partying from noon to night", "text": "The party that started at 12 noon at a city club and went on till the middle of the night, featured 11 talented DJs of the city.The DJs performed on various genres of music and that's perhaps why it attracted a large and diverse number of music lovers to the venue. They enjoyed the music and set the dance floor on fire.DJ Ansh, the resident DJ and the organizer of this competition, said, \"The reason behind organizing such a party with so many DJs performing on diverse musical genre was to satisfy the music lovers of Bhubaneswar. We also wanted to give the upcoming talents a platform to flaunt their talent.\"Rocky, Ryan, Tripster, Sahil, Swastik, Deepak, Kisan, Sidharth, Sid and Subrat were the 11 performing DJs who rocked the event.Aditya Nag, who has lived in a metro, was delighted by seeing Bhubaneswar's rocking nightlife. \"Before attending this party, I had no idea that Bhubaneswar's nightlife is so happening! I had a great time here,\" said Aditya.Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14179293", "title": "Ojaswi Oberoi of Aasman Se speaks up for the 1st time!", "text": "Ojaswi Oberoi, who plays Meenakshi in Aasman Se Aage on Life OK, speaks up for the first time on her reaction to the show being axed.Aasman Se Aage , starring Ojaswi and Apoorva Agnihotri in the lead, will go off air soon. Touted as Apoorva's come back to TV after a hiatus, the show did not manage to garner good TRPs.But actress Ojaswi is not one to be disheartened and has an optimistic approach to life. \"All good things come to an end. So is it with my show. But I am having a great time and most importantly learning a lot. The best part of the show is the fact that I have a group of people who are like one big happy family. We all party and have fun\". Oberoi also adds, \"When a show fails to create, magic we can come up with 100 reasons. But that is going to get us now where. So all one can do is just take a deep breath and enjoy the present while preparing for the future\".Well, it's never too late to start afresh. Here's wishing Ojaswi luck for her next endeavour!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14179044", "title": "Transporters across India support Raj Thackeray's anti-toll campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Transporters' associations across the country have supported the ongoing agitation by MNS chief Raj Thackeray against the \"illegal\" toll nakas which continue to operate despite recovering the actual costs.Bal Malkit Singh, president of the All-India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), said \"The current agitation in Maharashtra against the toll taxes which have become bane in present times is the vindication of our stand against the unjust policies of the government. The current Toll policy lacks transparency, accountability and affordability. Moreover, the ever increasing Toll charges are pinching the transport community and the common man very dearly.\"The AIMTC has been highlighting the anomalies in the system time and again, he said. \"It has also gone on nationwide agitation in 2010 on the same issue. A recent study report conducted by TCI &amp; IIM-C regarding exorbitant loss to Indian economy due to delays at toll plazas and check posts pegged losses at Rs. 87,000 crores annually,\" he stated.The AIMTC proposed alternative method of toll collection on the lines of national permit for commercial vehicles which constitute 70% of highway traffic carrying freight.\"There should be one-time toll collected annually from each truck and the private cars should be exempted,\" he stated. \"The recent spurt of public protest is the indication of brewing public anger against Toll that may erupt in the form of such sporadic incidents,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14168010", "title": "Shillong IIM to take part in UN Earth Summit", "text": "SHILLONG: The Shillong IIM is the only educational institution that has been invited to the UN Earth Summit, which is all set to meet in the Brazilian capital of Rio de Janerio from June 15.The summit is set to adopt the 50+20 report on management education, which is a collaborative project between the World Business School Council of Sustainable Business, Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative and Principles of Responsible Management Education.The World Business School Council of Sustainable Business was inaugurated in New York in April 2011. \"IIM-Shillong, which was represented by Sanjeeb Kakoty, has been selected to be part of a select group that has prepared the report to be adopted at Rio,\" a spokesperson said. IIM-Shillong has also contributed to the Indian section of the film on voices from different parts of the world, which will be screened at the inaugural session.Prior to his departure for Rio, Kakoty said, \"Apart from reviewing the state of management education, our job is to offer solutions and explore new roads that will ensure sustainability. I sought to incorporate nuggets of wisdom drawn from ancient Indian civilization and the traditional value system of the people of the region.\"\"We are indeed privileged to be part of a move towards radical transformation of management education being launched at RIO+20, in which the common tenet of being the best in the world is revised in favor of creating businesses that are designed to achieve the best for the world,\" said Dutta, director, IIM Shillong.\"To create a world where all citizens live well and within the limits of the planet, 50+20 urges action towards a different kind of society with a revised economic framework that is celebrated for its contribution to society and the world. This is a mandate which IIM-Shillong has stood for since its inception and being steadily recognized for its thrust in educating and developing globally responsible leaders, enabling business organizations to serve the common good and engaging in the transformation of business and the economy,\" he elaborated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14168566", "title": "Cronies spread rumour of Dawood kin\u2019s surrender", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after police circles were abuzz that Dawood Ibrahim's younger brother Mustaqium Kaskar had surrendered in Dubai, it has transpired that it was a rumour spread by the gangster's cronies.Sources from Dubai said Mustaqium, who is said to be of a stubborn nature, recently had an argument about family issues with Dawood in Karachi. \"In anger, Mustaqium told Dawood in front of the latter's cronies that he would surrender in Dubai and get deported to India. This was like an emotional announcement made at a darbar. The cronies spread it like wildfire,\" said a source.When Mustaqium indeed went to Dubai from Karachi, the rumour was strengthened. On Wednesday, it became serious, to the extent that Dawood had to call his contacts in Dubai to confirm whether there was any truth to it. The Dubai contacts, in turn, spread the word in Mumbai that Mustaqium would be deported. The media got whiff of the matter.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"From the beginning, I have been saying that it was a rumour.\"Dawood family lawyer Rajesh Srivastav, who had said on Thursday that he knew of the development, remained unavailable for comment on Friday; his two cellphones were switched off. On Thursday, he had said, \"I have been told that Mustaqium may come to India as he does not have any criminal case against him. He is after all Indian; he has all rights to stay in India.\"A source said Srivastav got a call from someone in Dubai on Friday morning, after which he made himself unavailable.It must be recalled that in 2005, another brother of Dawood, Iqbal Kaskar, had surrendered in the UAE and was deported. No sooner had he landed in Mumbai, than he was booked under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) in the Sara-Sahara shopping complex scam, but was acquitted.Though Mustaqium's 'surrender' turns out to be a rumour, it still stands that Dawood, who is believed to live in Karachi, wants to gradually send his relatives back to India as there is pressure on Pakistan from the US; Dawood was declared a global terrorist in 2009. Even if Dawood returns, it will be difficult for Mumbai Police to nail him, as most of the cases are very old, the case papers have been lost and witnesses are either missing or dead. It is pertinent to note that Dawood had suffered a heart attack two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14174496", "title": "Policy for higher agriculture education on the anvil", "text": "COIMBATORE: A National policy for Higher Agriculture Education is being developed, so that it can contribute to achieve the targeted four per cent growth in agricultural sector, a top official of Indian Council for Agricultural Research said on Friday.The modalities are being worked out for the policy, considering the needs of the sector, which would be in place in the 12th plan period, Dr S Ayyappan, director general, ICAR, Delhi, said, presiding over the 23rd meeting of ICAR Regional Committee at Tamil Nadu Agricultural Unversity, here.The meeting was very important, as it would chalk out the strategy for the development of agriculture and various other inputs for the 12th plan.It would finalise a plan by replicating success stories, like milk and rice in Tamil Nadu, maize in Karnataka and coconut in Kerala, so that there was a sustainable growth across India, he said.As suggested by Bill Gates of Microsoft, who was in the country recently, he said the ICAR was also considering interfacing agriculture with IT or ICT in a big way, which would benefit the farmers.Inaugurating the meeting, Tamil Nadu agriculture minister S Damodaran asked the scientists and researchers to play a vital role for uplift of farmers, who, he said, were struggling and caught between climate change, change of globalisation policies and soil, water and air pollution.The average farm holding in India has come down from 0.48 hectares in 1951 to 0.16 hectares now, resulting in 96 per cent of the farmers becoming small tiny farmers, he said.Stating that conventional agriculture and formal agriculture education alone will not achieve success, Damodaran said against this background, there was the need for a focus on rupee investment, market-led extension and entrepreneurship development in agri-students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181997", "title": "Yashashri Masurkar roped in for Colors TV's new show?", "text": "Yashashri Masurkar, a popular face on television has been roped in for Colors TV's upcoming show.The actress has been seen in serials like Rang Badalti Odhani , Chandragupta Maurya and Laxman Resha. And she's all set to play the female lead on the new show. Sources inform that after Jay Soni, its Yashashri's turn to be roped in by Maverick Productions and Swapna Waghmare Joshi, producers of the show. The story is based on a Gujarati family and in true filmy style, the boy goes abroad to study and meets his lady love there. But his love will have to go through the trial process as his family selects a conservative girl for him which may happen to be Yashashri, sources report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14164200", "title": "Presidential poll: Congress ridicules Naveen for 'political immaturity'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Congress on Friday criticized BJD chief Naveen Patnaik's choice of former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma as President, describing the proposal as politically immature.\"With Sangma's own party, NCP, not supporting him, Naveen proposing him as presidential candidate was politically wrong,\" Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee media cell chairman Narasingha Mishra told a press conference here.Questioning the silence of Naveen and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa on the elections to the Rashtrapati Bhavan during the past few days, Mishra said, \"Naveen's political immaturity now stands completely exposed.\"While the BJD is still sticking to Sangma, NCP spokesperson D P Tripathi has gone on record asking the tribal leader to opt out of the race. However, Sangma has said he would contest for the country's top post.On May 17, Naveen and Jayalalithaa had created a flutter by proposing Sangma's candidature to succeed Pratibha Patil.Mishra, a former law minister, further criticized Naveen's statement on June 11 ruling out any electoral pact with the Congress or the BJP. \"It was absolutely unwarranted and out of context. There has never been any question of Congress either allying or having any understanding with the BJD. It has not happened in the past and should possibly never take place in future,\" Mishra said.Referring to the May 29 failed coup attempted by Pyarimohan Mohapatra against Naveen, the senior Congress leader maintained that the \"vertical crack\" within BJD had made Naveen \" mentally disturbed \", forcing him to make statements that are \"uncalled for\". \"He (Naveen) needs a political doctor,\" Mishra quipped, hinting at Pyari, who used to be Naveen's key advisor, is no longer on the BJD president's side.Accusing Naveen of being \"hand in glove\" with BJP, Mishra said the Odisha CM had met the saffron party's patriarch L K Advani in New Delhi in May before leaving for England. He said the regional party was \"slowly crumbling\" and predicted that Naveen would meet his Waterloo in the 2014 elections. \"He is scared of his position and hence betrayed his ally NCP and merged four of their legislators with BJD,\" he alleged.The Congress leader also rubbished Baba Ramdev's recent statements lauding Naveen's anti-corruption initiatives and charged the yoga guru of indulging in politics.BJD leaders countered Mishra's claims. \"There is no crack and there will never be any crack in the BJD. It is Tytler (AICC general secretary Jagdish Tytler ) moving around Odisha imagining a crack in the BJD,\" Damodar Rout maintained. BJD vice-president Prasanna Acharya hit back at Mishra, saying, \"People making such statements have themselves lost their mental balance after the voters repeatedly rejected them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14168576", "title": "Parents plan to switch to CBSE", "text": "GUWAHATI: There was a mixed response from students and their guardians to the result of state board-conducted HSLC examinations which was declared on Friday. Unhappy at the performance of their wards, most parents are now planning to shift their wards to CBSE schools as they feel it's a better choice to compete at the national level.This year, there were a lot of goof-ups in the examination right from wrong set of question papers to cows swallowing the answer sheets, which made the guardians lose faith in the board's credibility. This is the reason for some well-known schools to seek CBSE affiliation.Lissy Rose, principal St Mary's Maligaon, where two students bagged the 1st and 10th position, said the school is already affiliated to CBSE and from next session onwards, the students would be appearing for the the CBSE exam. \"We have already got the affiliation as many guardians were insisting that we change to CBSE and I guess many schools have already affiliated to CBSE,\" she said.Swati Gupta, whose son failed to perform as per expectations, said, \"People would say that those who could not do well would blame Seba. But it's not like that. This time, the results were declared late and the pass percentage is also not good. So, It's quite obvious for parents to have a liking for CBSE.\"This year, the pass percentage has dipped from last year's 70.38 per cent to 69.63, leaving many students confused and disillusioned. Aman Batra, another student who could manage only 57 per cent said, \"I cannot believe that this is my result as I was expecting letter marks in general maths and English. I think Seba has played with the students' career as everyone knows about the goo. I am not sure whether my copies were checked properly. So, I am thinking to go for re-check. But I don't think it is going to help much.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14167640", "title": "Amid raid fears, clubs cancel electronica gigs", "text": "MUMBAI: Nightclubs in Mumbai have cancelled electronica gigs that were scheduled for this weekend. The chief reason seems to be the prospect of being raided by assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble. Electronica is suspected to be singled out because people tend to dance to the music. Venues are afraid they will be labelled as discotheques and busted for not having a proper licence.The partner of a club in Bandra says, \"We've stopped because of this reason. We might resume non-electronica events from next week.\"Blue Frog, a popular venue for live music in Lower Parel, has cancelled a gig by Mmat and Char Lee from the electronica collective Bhavishyawani Future Soundz. Blue Frog's Tina Kapur, who handles public relations, says that the cancellation was a \"programming call\". However Bhavishyavani posted this message on its Facebook page: \"Event cancelled due to police/legal issues.... Have fun at home, disturb your neighbours with loud music, see you after the monsoon.\" There are also unconfirmed rumours that another night club might be raided by the police soon.The owner of a bar in South Mumbai, who preferred to remain anonymous, says that clubs are refraining from electronica because this is a \"dull period\". He says that the general \"mood is off \" because clubbers are alarmed by reports of nightclub raids and feel the need to be cautious. He says he hasn't scheduled gigs at his bar because \"we are focusing on the bar and the food\".Kenneth Lobo, a director of Sound Curry, a company that organizes music events, advises people to visit clubs and not be afraid of the police. \"People should still go out and not stay at home,\" he says. \"In some cases, the establishments were fined, they were not busted. So people should go out otherwise venues will not survive.\"MLA MEETS CMVile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday over the raids by the police. Hedge said officials should show reason during raids. He expressed concerns about the \"privacy of individuals\" and said the youth are petrified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14166970", "title": "Shehla family appeals for transfer of case to Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Family members of the slain RTI activist Shehla Masood appealed before the court of CBI Special Magistrate Dr Shubra Singh on Friday to transfer the case to Bhopal and get it re-investigated. The plea was filed by slain activist's brother Rajil Hussain during the hearing.CBI opposed any move to transfer the case and urged the family members of Shehla not to intervene in the case and to support the CBI in nailing the accused. The next hearing is scheduled for June 22.Rajil Hussain in his appeal stressed that the re-investigation of the case is necessary because the central character, BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, has been left out in the CBI charge sheet.Senior criminal lawyer Majeed Memon who will be representing Masood family told TOI over phone that he will seek for the trial in Bhopal and not in Indore as per the jurisdiction rule of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPc). All the five accused in the case Zahida Pervez, Saba Farooqui, Saqib Ali Danger, Irfan Ali and Tabish Khan had appealed before the CBI court on June 11 to transfer the hearing of the case to Bhopal under section 177 of CrPc. The move was then opposed by the CBI.Memon insisted that if Shehla was murdered in Bhopal why the case should be tried in Indore. He further stated that the charge-sheet filed by the CBI does not reflect the truth and alleged that certain vital aspects of truth are being suppressed, twisted and thwarted.Meanwhile, one of the accused Irfan filed an application before court putting on record that he gave his statement under section 164 under pressure. He appealed the court for re-recording of his statement. Accused Zaheda Parvez once again accused CBI of putting pressure on her and her family and shielding Dhruv Narayan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14169060", "title": "South Africa woos Indian women keen on adventure", "text": "CHENNAI: An increasing number of Indian women travelling to South Africa with their husbands on company-sponsored trips are reportedly seeking adventure activities. In an effort to cash in on this trend, South African Tourism is offering a 'spouses programme' that includes activities like bungee jumping and edge diving guaranteed to provide an adrenaline rush for women with a spirit of adventure. \"Adventure forms over 65 % of all our leisure itineraries and is a major offering of the spouses programme,\" said Hanneli Slabber, country head, South African Tourism.Nearly 50% of all Indian arrivals in South Africa (90,367 Indians arrived in that country in 2011) reportedly fall into the MICE (meetings, incentive, conference and exhibition ) category that peaks during the summer months. \"The spouses programme is integral to promoting tourism in the country as delegates are often busy in meetings and conferences leaving them little time for exploring places,\" Slabber said. With more than 200 game lodges in wildlife parks, South Africa is becoming popular with Indian corporates for several offsite sessions.At first, adventure activities like bungee jumping, edge-diving and kayaking with penguins were an 'optional extra' in the spouses programme. \"The initial focus was on shopping and spa therapies but we began getting a lot of enquiries from women for adventure-based activities and we soon incorporated such activities into the main programme,\" Slabber said. The highest bungee jump by an Indian woman in South Africa so far has been a 700-feet jump from the Bloukrans Bridge near Nature's Valley in the Western Cape, while an 82-year-old Indian woman is the oldest to do edge diving.Going by the arrivals from India, South Africa expects one lakh tourists from this country this year. South African Tourism officials say adventure activities and destination weddings are expected to be major growth drivers in a country which had especially become popular with Indians after the successful conduct of sporting events such as the 2003 cricket World Cup (where India was runner-up ), the 2007 T20 (won by India ), the IPL 2 (2009) and the 2010 football World Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163008", "title": "CBI directed to delete deadline", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) turned to CBI authorities in Hyderabad all the summons and arrest warrants issued by the trial court against Mohd Alabbar, the chairman of the Dubai-based Emaar Properties who is an accused in the Emaar scam case. Reason: These documents specify as less than two weeks the time limit in which Alabbar is to present himself in court or is produced in court by CBI.However, instead of time-bound warrants, the MHA wants open-ended notices that will enable it to ensure that the long-drawn international process involved in such cases is complied with.As per procedure, the MHA has to send warrants or summons of this nature to the external affairs ministry which, in turn, has to contact the United Arab Emirates (UAE) government whose constituent Dubai is running the Emaar Properties as a public sector undertaking.The CBI has to involve agencies like Interpol to get hold of Alabbar. All this cannot happen in two weeks and the process may even end up taking a minimum of three months, sources said. Hence, the MHA is making it clear that warrants or summons to foreign entities and individuals should not specify any time limit.It would be better if they are left open-ended, the MHA has advised. \"We will now seek orders from the court requesting it not to specify any time limit in such warrants and summons\", a CBI officer said.Emaar Properties (PJSC-Dubai) is an accused in the Emaar scam case and has been charged with duping the state of AP through violation of a bipartite agreement involving the two.According to legal sources, it may take CBI a considerable amount of time to reach Alabbar as he has not been made a direct accused in the case. It his firm, Emaar, which is an accused entity and Alabbar has been cited as the person representing the firm. Now, sources said, the firm may choose to send somebody else as its representative.Meanwhile, Shravan Gupta, the former MD of Emaar MGF and another accused in the case who has been issued a non-bailable warrant earlier by the trial court, filed a petition in the CBI court on Friday seeking recall of the warrant against him.His counsel Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia said that since his client, who is presently in London , was willing to appear in court and cooperate with the investigation, he was seeking recall of the warrant and suspension of the CBI's efforts to get a red corner and look-out notices issued against him.LV Subrahmanyam's discharge plea turned downHYDERABAD: The CBI court on Friday dismissed the plea of senior IAS officer LV Subrahmanyam, an accused in the Emaar case, seeking discharge from the case. The court refused to accept his plea that since the state has rejected the CBI's plea to prosecute him, the court too should go with that line of thinking. Subrahmanyam will now have to appear before the CBI court on June 18 in response to the summons served on him in the Emaar case.B Ravindranath, the CBI deputy legal advisor told the court that since they had never even sought the state's permission, the question of the latter refusing the same was irrelevant. \"We sought the Centre's permission under the prevention of corruption of Act and are awaiting its response. We have marked a copy of our letter seeking permission from the Centre to the AP chief secretary but he has read too much into it,\" the CBI counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14162818", "title": "Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited death toll rises to 12", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With a senior officer succumbing on Friday, the death toll in Wednesday's explosion at the state-owned plant of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL) here rose to twelve. K Srinivas Rao, senior manager of the steel melting shop, breathed his last in a hospital.Foreman P Narayana Rao was sent to Mumbai when his condition deteriorated. General manager (projects) D S Khalsi and assistant general manager (SMS) M B R S Sarma, who were critically injured, have also been shifted to Mumbai. Seven others are still undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14163421", "title": "Congress blames it on power cuts, rising prices", "text": "HYDERABAD: PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana attributed the poor showing of the Congress in the bypolls to the power shortage in the state, spiralling petrol prices, agricultural crisis, etc.\"We will review the causes of the defeat right from the mandal and district levels,\" Botsa told the media on Friday evening.The byelection results are expected to trigger a deep internal crisis in the Congress. Even though the Congress managed to win two seats in coastal Andhra, it faced humiliating defeats in several other constituencies where it either lost the deposit or ended poorly, as at Parkal where it stood fifth.The question tormenting state leaders is the disappearance of its traditional vote bank consisting of SC, ST and Muslim voters along with the Reddys.Party leaders are of the opinion that the aggressive campaign against the alleged corruption of the YSR regime and the quid pro quo benefits reaped by Jagan failed to create an impact as chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's cabinet itself is mired in serious corruption charges.Six of these ministers, including home minister P Sabita Reddy, have been linked to cases in which Jaganmohan Reddy, the YSR Congress chief, is being investigated by CBI. Indeed, excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana was arrested in the midst of the poll campaign for his role in one of the irregularities which allegedly benefited Jagan.The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) reports on the liquor syndicate brought disrepute to the cabinet by naming Mopidevi and Ramireddy Venkata Reddy along with Botsa as beneficiaries.The image of the cabinet has also been tarnished by the allegation that the chief minister was in fact Jagan's man in the party.The party is now covering up its internal turmoil by assigning the defeat to excessive playing on the YSR sentiment by Jagan and his family members. \"The Congress is a victim of sentiments. The Telangana sentiment is already working against the party. Now, the YSR sentiment has hit the Congress,\" said endowments minister C Ramachandraiah, who was party in-charge for the Rajampet bypoll. According to Ramachandraiah, such sentiments affected the rationality of the voters.A similar opinion was put forth by chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy while rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad averred that the entire leadership was responsible for the defeat.\"The YSR Congress has effectively countered our anti-corruption campaign by projecting CBI investigations as harassment by the government,\" Dokka said.Former minister S Shankar Rao put the blame for the defeat on the chief minister and urged the party high command to change the leadership in the state.We will review the causes of the defeat in bypolls right from mandal and district levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158592", "title": "Power theft at Tuli's petrol pump", "text": "NAGPUR: Power thefts by politicians are coming to light one by one in Spanco area. The franchisee's flying squad on Thursday detected Rs 2.5 lakh power theft at the petrol pump owned by former Congress corporator Navneet Singh Tuli located on Koradi Road. No wonder the franchisee is facing stiff opposition from politicians.Spanco officials said the consumer had tampered with the electricity meter by inserting a magnet in it. The magnet was operated by remote so that when the meter readers came to take a reading they would not find anything amiss. The connected load was 7.5 KW. Tuli paid up the amount immediately and hence no further action was taken against him.Earlier this month, Spanco had detected an illegal power distribution network being run by a small time politico Atiq Malik in Asi Nagar. Malik had tapped the service wire directly and was supplying to 14 houses. He had installed meters in these houses and was collecting power bills from them. In May, RPI leader Ramesh Telang was also caught running an illegal power network in Savitribai Phule Nagar, Manewada.In May, power theft using an extremely sophisticated device was detected at Shivraj Hotel, Central Avenue. The owner Jagdish Gupta's brother Shivraj is a Youth Congress leader. Many politicians may not be stealing power themselves but are supporting thieves. Nutan Rewatkar, city president of NCP's women wing, had stormed Spanco's Ganeshpeth office alleging that the franchisee had framed a power thief. Her claims were exposed as Spanco had done video recording of the operation.Central Nagpur MLA Vikas Kumbhare too had alleged that Spanco had framed residents of Chandralok Building, Central Avenue, who were caught pilfering power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14166483", "title": "Man told to pay for dad\u2019s maintenance", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has directed a man to pay maintenance to his 83-year-old father, who had pleaded that he has been deserted by his son.Calculating the monthly maintenance on the basis of \"cost of modern days' living\" for the elderly man, who has four sons, metropolitan magistrate Savitri asked the sole respondent son to pay him one fourth of Rs 4,000 every month as his share of maintenance. The court asked the Shahdara resident to pay his share of Rs 1,000 per month to his father, who had asked for maintenance only from him.The court said the elderly man, who has four sons, cannot pick and choose only one and make him pay the entire amount. \"The petitioner (old man) is admittedly having four sons but he has moved the present petition only against one son. Since, he is having four sons, it is the liability of all his sons to maintain him. He cannot pick and choose for the purpose of claiming maintenance.\"Dass approached court seeking maintenance from one of his four sons saying he has no source of livelihood and has been deserted and neglected by his son Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158553", "title": "Submits plans on Mankapur railway-over-bridge: HC to NHAI", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court's bench here directed the National Highway Authority (NHAI) to submit its plans on the proposed railway-over-bridge (RoB) at Mankapur railway crossing on Koradi Road. A division bench comprising justices PV Hardas and ML Tahilyani asked it to file a reply on the time to be taken to complete the project.The court's directives came on Friday while hearing a petition filed by social worker Mohan Karemore alleging neglect of Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial at Saoner on the part of Maharashtra government. The petitioner had also demanded early construction of the proposed RoB at the Zingabai Takli railway crossing. The application was filed by his lawyers, senior counsel RB Pendharkar, Shrikant Khandalkar and Gaurav Belsare.According to the petitioner, NH 69 leading to Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial faces problems due to the railway crossing through which over 200 trains bound for Delhi and Chennai pass everyday. As barricades are put up the traffic is severely affected at regular intervals and it leads to long queues of vehicles on both sides. It sometimes takes a few hours to open the gates. He added that RoB was sanctioned long back \"but not even a single brick has been laid\".During last hearing, the court summoned Central Railway's Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) asking him to personally appear with all relevant documents and records regarding the proposed RoB. The court was visibly upset over the fact that nobody appeared for railways nor anyone filed reply on their behalf even though they were served a notice.Earlier, the NHAI informed that it had undertaken four-laning of Nagpur-Saoner-Betul section of NH-69, where the Mankapur crossing is located, on design, built, finance, operate and transfer basis under its National Highway Development Programme ( NHDP). It admitted that though the RoB was sanctioned, work could not be started due to non-availability of land and non-clearance by Union ministry for forest and environment (MoEF). It stated that the lease for the required land has not been executed yet between them and the railways, and RoB's structural design was yet to get clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14164499", "title": "Bail hearing of BS Yeddyurappa, sons adjourned to Monday", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has adjourned to Monday the hearing of anticipatory bail petitions filed by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and others in the illegal mining case.The former CM's sons, BY Vijayendra, BY Raghavendra, and son-in law RN Sohan Kumar have also filed a joint petition seeking anticipatory bail.Ashok Bhan, special public prosecutor appearing on behalf of CBI, told the court that the case has been entrusted by the Supreme Court with specific direction to have a \"time-bound investigation\" and file a report by August first week.Yeddyurappa's counsel argued that liberty of an individual, which is a constitutional right, cannot be taken away. But CBI counsel insisted that the apex court order had taken care of that fact too.On June 13, the special CBI court rejected the anticipatory bail petitions filed by the former CM and relatives. \"The petitioners are needed for custodial interrogation to complete the responsibility of investigation entrusted by the Supreme Court,\" the special judge had reasoned in his order rejecting their advance bail petitions.The CBI registered the case after the Central Empowered Committee's recommendation to the apex court of illegal mining kickbacks and denotification of BDA-acquired lands at Rachenahalli in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14162117", "title": "Crackdown on drinking in public places", "text": "NASHIK: Around 90 miscreants on city roads and those found drinking in the open were taken into custody and booked by the city police in a special drive undertaken from 8pm on Thursday that continued till midnight.On June 9, a similar drive had been conducted in the city and as many as 188 miscreants and those drinking in gardens, road side food stalls and other open places were detained by cops of various police stations.On Thursday, the drive was implemented by all the 11 police stations of the city in their respective jurisdictions. Senior police officials informed that such drives would be a routine affair now in a bid to bring down the rate of crimes in the city.While the police have not met with success with regard to the motor vehicle thefts in the city, many attribute the fall in the number of chain-snatchings to the regular drives and campaigns taken up by the police in different parts of the city.Senior police officials agreed that regular combing operations and nakabandis have to an extent helped in bringing down the rate of chain snatching incidents in the city. Even senior officials of late have started coming down to the streets to tell citizens to be alert.Police officials said these drives are working as a deterrent to criminal activities as most of them take place mainly because the people are under the influence of alcohol or due to the lack of police presence on the city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14176293", "title": "Jamie Lynn Spears sings about sis Britney\u2019s lost innocence", "text": "Britney Spears' sister Jamie Lynn Spears , paid tribute to her famous older sibling, during her performance in Nashville, Tennessee on Thursday.The 21-year-old former Nickelodeon star is currently pursuing a music career. Looking like a mirror image of the famous singer, Jamie debuted a country ballad, titled ' I Look Up to You ,' during a showcase at the 3rd and Lindsley Bar and Grill.\"You can imagine who I wrote it about,\" the New York Daily quoted her as telling the audience. \"I hope y'all like it a lot,\" she said. \"Scared little girl, living in a big old world. You've outgrown your room, it all happened way too soon. They took away your innocence. We forgot our strong defense,\" she sang.She has largely remained out of the spotlight since wrapping up the season finale of her Nickelodeon show, ' Zoey 101 ,' and giving birth to daughter Maddie in 2008. Last November, she launched her singing career when she debuted a set of original songs in front of her family and friends at a Nashville music venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174184", "title": "Riteish Deshmukh makes a debut in Marathi", "text": "Riteish Deshmukh's plans to start his own production house have finally materialised. The actor will flag off his new business with a Marathi film that will be directed by acclaimed filmmaker Ravi Jadhav of Natrang (2010) fame. Riteish will also essay a pivotal role in the production.According to an insider, Riteish had several meetings with Ravi. \"They discussed the project at length. In fact, Riteish has two scripts in hand now - one a masala entertainer and the other a serious social drama. Whichever works out first will go on floors, \" said the insider. \"Riteish had been toying with the idea of launching his own production house even before he tied the knot. He has good business acumen and wanted to explore this aspect of filmmaking. He has taken it up as a challenge,\" said a friend of the actor.Riteish's Marathi heritage has influenced the actor's decision to make a Marathi film first. \"He wanted to give something back to his community. Moreover, making a Marathi film seems to be a safer bet than a Bollywood venture. Especially with a director like Ravi on board,\" said the friend. The project is expected to go on floor by January 2013. Riteish was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14177654", "title": "Graphics on packets warn smokers better", "text": "Smokers pay attention to the health warning about smoking when they see photos of patients on ventilators, a US research has revealed.A study of 200 smokers found that 83 per cent were able to remember the health warning if it was accompanied by a graphic image.This compared with a 50 per cent success rate when text-only warnings were viewed by the smokers.The UK government is carrying out a consultation on packaging of cigarettes.Using eye-tracking technology, researchers from the University of Pennsylvania measured how much time the smokers spend viewing each part of a cigarette advertisement containing warning labels.After looking at the advertisement, each participant was asked to write down the warning to test how well they remembered the information.The faster a smoker's eyes were drawn to the text in the graphic warning and the longer that they viewed the image, the more likely they were to remember the information correctly, the study said.Dr Andrew Strasser, lead author of the study and associate professor at the department of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, said that the findings were important.\"In addition to showing the value of adding a graphic warning label, this research also provides valuable insight into how the warning labels may be effective, which may serve to create more effective warning labels in the future,\" said Strasser.Strasser said that he hoped graphic warning labels would help people become better informed about the risks of smoking and lead to a decision to stop smoking.The study has been published in American Journal of Preventive Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14167274", "title": "Woman found murdered, house ransacked", "text": "INDORE: A 52-year-old woman was found murdered with her throat slit at her White Church colony residence in the city on Friday. The incident took place at around 11.30 am under the Sanjyogitaganj police jurisdiction.The deceased was identified as Saroj, wife of a financier Pradeep Doshi.According to Sanyogitaganj police station TI Shailendra Srivastava, the incident came to light when a computer technician went to the house of the victim for repair work. \"When the technician knocked at the door, there was no reply from inside the house,\" said the TI adding that the technician later called up the victim's daughter who is a resident of Radio Colony. Saroj's daughter came down to her mother's house and tried to call her on the phone. However, after getting no reply from her mother she, with the help of neighbours, broke open the door and found her mother lying in a pool of blood. The victim had injury marks on her neck.The neighbours informed the police who in its preliminary investigation found the almirahs and lockers open and some belongings strewn all over the house.Srivastava said the body was sent for post-mortem. There are no clue about the killers so far. The police have booked a case of murder and loot against the unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158165", "title": "Junior colleges cut-off may drop in state", "text": "NAGPUR: The cut-offs for standard eleven admissions across Maharashtra will witness a sharp drop this year. That's because of the plunge in the number of high scorers - 90% and above - as compared to last year's SSC results.This year, only 2% of the total 12.75 lakh candidates clearing the exam have managed to cross 90% mark. The situation is worse in Nagpur division with only 1.28% (1822 out of total 1.42 lakh candidates) managing to cross the magic figure. Last year their number was nearly double - 2.32% (3,186 out of 1.37 lakh students) in six districts of the division.State wise, the number of those crossing the 90% barrier sharply dropped by 17,737 as compared to last year. About 24,994 students could join the elite club of merit as compared to 42,731 last year from 11.59 lakh students and 40,298 in 2010.Even in Nagpur division, their numbers have reduced by 1,364 in comparison with 2011 results, which will ensure that top colleges which once used to close above 95% will drop significantly during this year's class XI admissions. Last year, Nagpur's top colleges like Shivaji Science, Dr Ambedkar and Dharampeth Science closed at 98.12%, 98% and 96% respectively for bifocal admissions.The sharp drop in high scorers also gives a distinct advantage to students from other boards like CBSE and ICSE to dominate the centralized admission process (CAP) merit lists as 30-40% of them have managed to cross the magic figure of 90% in the class XI exam.In fact, the top five CBSE toppers from the city have scored above 99% marks, making it tough for the state board candidates to get bifocal seats in top colleges. Principals from state board schools have expressed concern stating that those from other boards would get an advantage.\"I am surprised over the fact state board students fared badly in comparison to other boards as far as high percentage is concerned. I feel that one of the reasons for this is the newly introduced CCE pattern,\" said GH Raisoni School principal Jayashri Bhake.Endorsing her views, Saraswati School's S Prabhuraman said most of the students were unaware of the career options in other fields and they focus mainly on mathematics and science. \"They neglect other subjects and this eventually reduces their score,\" he said.Rucha Dabhade who cleared SSC this year attributed the fall to High Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) where students had to apply knowledge before answering the questions. \"Looking at the situation, it seems that entry to junior colleges would be cakewalk for the students,\" she hopes.(With inputs from Apurva Gokhale)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14165552", "title": "Pascal Mazurier in French official's custody", "text": "BANGALORE: Pascal Mazurier, 39, deputy head of chancery at the French consulate, was let off by High Grounds police after Vincent Caumontat, deputy consul, head of chancery, gave a written undertaking that Pascal would remain with him in his house and submit himself to authorities as and when required.Suja and her three children are staying at their Vasanthnagar apartment under police security. The mother and the girl, too, visited the High Grounds police station on Friday. They were counselled by experts from Nimhans.The father and the mother and the girl were taken, separately, to Bowring hospital for medical tests.Pascal's blood samples and the girl's clothing have been sent to the Forensic Sciences Laboratory. More samples are likely to be collected for DNA testing.Suja said in her complaint she had been noticing that her daughter was being abused by Pascal since April 2010. On Wednesday afternoon, Pascal allegedly raped the girl when Suja was not at home. On returning home in the evening, the mother found the girl traumatized and rushed her to Bangalore Baptist Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14165074", "title": "Use common sense to tackle malnutrition: High court", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by the chief justice has asked the government to launch a pilot project to alleviate malnutrition plaguing several parts of the state. The bench on Friday told the authorities to use their 'common sense' while dealing with the issue.\"Providing infrastructural facilities like gas and electricity is good. But you've to first tackle the problem at the immediate level. If you hold a camp during the day, then who'll bring the child when the parents are busy working? Malnutrition is a multi-dimensional issue. Think over it,\" the bench observed while adjourning the hearing to June 26.The court told the government to submit expenditure details of food and healthcare facilities provided to children suffering from malnutrition. The bench asked Clifton Rodriguez, amicus curiae in this case, to collect details about such children in Bangalore slums.Additional advocate general KM Nataraj, appearing on behalf of the government, admitted that there are more victims falling outside the ambit of anganwadis. He promised that the government will not fail in providing adequate financial support to reduce the number of such cases. The court was informed that 62,000 children in the state are suffering from severe malnutrition.PANEL SUGGESTIONSThe committee set up by the high court to look into the issue has filed an interim report. It suggested that all affected children be identified in two months; a medical examination be conducted for all kids in the age group of 0-6 years; nutritional rehabilitation centres be set up in district-level hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14163367", "title": "Police still clueless", "text": "MOHALI: Two days after the murder of a medicine transcriptionist, Vikrant Verma of Nayagaon, police have failed to make any headway and returned clueless from his native place in Solan district on Friday. Verma, 38, was stabbed in stomach at his rented accommodation and he succumbed to injuries at the PGI on June 13. Police have been also rounded up about half-a-dozen youths of Naya Gaon, who have criminal records, but so far there has been no breakthrough in the case. SHO of PS Naya Gaon Gurdeep Singh said after going through details of Verma's life, focus of investigation has shifted towards his profession dealings. Police sources said hunt was on to identify three persons who were spotted with Verma outside his house just before the murder. Help of Solan police is also been taken to solve the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14160034", "title": "\u2018Shutter gang\u2019 busted, 15 land in police net", "text": "MUMBAI: The property cell of city crime branch on Thursday arrested 15 members of a shutter gang which used to target electronic goods shops in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Nashik and other parts of the state. The shutter gang specializes in breaking the shutters of shops without any noise.Acting on a tip-off, inspector Nandkumar Gopale and Dinkar Bhosle laid a trap at Lamington Road in south Mumbai and arrested 15 persons early on Thursday. Police said that the gang had assembled there with tools like hammers and cutters.The arrested were identified as Rameshwar Paswan, Santosh Kumar Prasad, Jitan Bira Paswan, Irfan Aslam, Aas Mohammed, Lal Mohammed, Rahimuddin Miya, Sahil Aslam alias Jumdi, Munnakumar Mehender Choudhary, Zakir Miya Shamshuddin, Mumtaz Alam Mohamadarsul, Zahir Dina Dvan, Suresh Prasad Jangal Prasad, Ganesh Prasad Janak and Ram Iqbal Mandar Prasad.All were arrested for robbery and theft and remanded in police custody. During the course of investigations, it was revealed that they had committed similar house break-ins in several places in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane. \"The gang's modus operandi is to move looking for electronic goods shops and finally executing the theft. Once the target is decided upon, the groups assemble near the targets at wee hours pretending to be labourers. They have big cutters which they use to cut the lever of the shutter and it easily opens. They then flee with whatever they can pick up,'' said inspector Gopale.The Nashik police have arrived in the city to take their custody as the gang had stolen 22 laptops worth Rs 20 lakh from a shop there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14167794", "title": "Gag on 9-year-old food blogger lifted", "text": "LONDON: Britain's youngest food critic is back in business. A Scottish local authority on Friday retreated in the face of an online outcry and lifted a ban on 9-year-old blogger Martha Payne, who had been ordered to stop taking photographs of the lunches served up at her school cafeteria.Her images of uninspiring school meals \u2014 one consisted of two croquettes, a plain cheeseburger, three slices of cucumber and a lollipop \u2014 drew international attention. The blog was set up about six weeks ago as a writing project and to help raise money for a schoolmeals charity, has drawn more than 2 million hits.Martha, who lives in Lochgilphead, about 210km west of Edinburgh, gave each meal a 'food-o-meter ' rating, and offered an assessment of its contents. \"I'd really like to know where the chicken comes from,\" she wrote about having chicken fajitas for lunch, \"so I am going to write to the lady in charge to ask. I'd like to know where the hen lived.\"Local officials weren't amused. Argyll and Bute Council said the photos were misleading and had caused distress to cafeteria staff. The council was particularly irked by a report about the blog in Scotland's Daily Record newspaper headlined 'Fire the Dinner Ladies'.Martha's father said the blog was never intended to make the food look unappetizing. It includes positive assessments as \"lunch was really nice today\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "osmanabad (maharashtra)", "code": "14173461", "title": "32 pilgrims killed as tourist bus from Hyderabad to Shirdi falls off bridge", "text": "OSMANABAD (Maharashtra): At least 32 devotees were killed and more than 20 injured some of them seriously, when their bus fell off a bridge in Osmanabad district of Maharashtra in the wee hours today.The victims hailing from Hyderabad were returning after a pilgrimage to Shirdi Saibaba Temple in Ahmednagar district, when the mishap occurred at 2:40 AM, police said.The injured have been shifted to Solapur civil hospital. The deceased are yet to be identified. Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has expressed grief over the incident and has directed Chief Secretary Pankaj Dwivedi to help those injured.A team of medical and government officials from Andhra Pradesh has left for the spot to help the injured and make arrangements to coordinate with the Maharashtra state officials, Commissioner, Information and Public Relations R V Chandravadan said.\"We need to get more details about the incident and number of casualties,\" he said.The victims had boarded the private bus last evening from here.Meanwhile, anxious family members of the victims rushed to the office of the travel agency which was operating the bus at Lakadi-ka-Pul here to find out the condition of their relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14179551", "title": "Jackfruit campaign formally launched; aimed at promoting its local cultivation", "text": "MANGALORE: Global Village Fruits Inc., a for-profit social enterprise started by pre-med anthropology concentrator and Harvard public service traveler Annemarie Ryu, launched 'The Jackfruit Campaign' here on Saturday to promote jack fruit cultivation in India.CEO of Global Village Fruits Inc. Annemarie said she has decided to launch the jackfruit revolution in India and in US as many people in India do not know the proper use of the fruit and also to introduce it in US as people there are not familiar to it.\"I came to know during my visit to India an year go that about 28 tons of jackfruit is wasted in India as people do not make use of the fruit and the fruit does not have a profitable market too. I came to know then about the market potential of the fruit and its uses. I thought of marketing the fruit in US and thereby create a demand for the fruit. Hence, I started the for-profit social enterprise,\" she said.After supplying the fruit to 30 super markets in US in the last one year, she got good response and demand for the fruit also has increased. \"I came back to India and am now starting a campaign to promote jackfruit cultivation to accomplish the need of 25 tons of jackfruit for US over next one year,\" Annemarie said.On demand in US, she said the most demanded form of Jackfruit in US is the dehydrated one as it is easy to export and has a shelf life too. \"We are exporting three varieties of the fruit currently. We have plans to buy more varieties of the fruit from India. We also have plans to introduce jackfruit seed flour, jackfruit burger, jackfruit cookies, jackfruit juice, jackfruit jam and other varieties of value added products from the fruit to the US market,\" she added.\"I seek help from jackfruit lovers across India for the success of the revolution,\" she said adding that she is working on book on jackfruit to provide information on its history, nutritional benefits and uses across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14168372", "title": "Panchayat samiti official in anti-corruption bureau net", "text": "PUNE: A junior engineer of the panchayat samiti, Daund, was arrested by the state anti-corruption bureau, Pune, for allegedly accepting Rs 1 lakh as bribe from a contractor.Jayaraj Rajendra Nimbalkar (33) of Sansar village in Indapur taluka was arrested while accepting the bribe at a shop in Daund. A complaint has been lodged by Ganpat Baban Gholap (39) of Nimgaon Mhalunge village in Shirur taluka.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Hemant Bhat said Gholap is a contractor. In February, he got a contract of Rs 25 lakh to construct a school building in Walki village in Daund taluka under the 'Sarva Shisksha Abhiyan'. The payments are to be made by the panchayat samiti, Daund.Bhat said the samiti paid Rs 6.80 lakh to Gholap for the work done till date. Nimbalkar, who works as a junior engineer with the samiti, recently approached Gholap. He demanded Rs 1 lakh for the payment done so far. \"Nimbalkar also told Gholap that if he wanted to continue receiving the remaining payment regularly, he would have to give the bribe.\"Gholap approached the anti-corruption bureau and lodged a complaint against Nimbalkar. \"The anti-corruption bureau team, including inspectors Kanchan Jadhav and Prakash Shinde, laid a trap at the shop in Daund and caught Nimbalkar red-handed while accepting the bribe from Gholap,\" Bhat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14167341", "title": "Kerala dam may affect flow into Bhavani river", "text": "COIMBATORE: Yet another confrontation between Kerala and Tamil Nadu may be in the offing over the sensitive issue of sharing scarce water resources.The move by Kerala government to revive a three-decade old project to dam the waters that flow into the Bhavani river from an arm of the Siruvani river downstream the Siruvani reservoir to irrigate the drought-prone region of Attapady in Palakkad district is likely to meet with opposition in Tamil Nadu. Residents of Coimbatore are apprehensive that a dam that would affect water flow into Bhavani could impact the supply of drinking water to the city.A high-level meeting attended by Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy was held in Thiruvananthapuram on Thursday to revive the project. At present Bhavani water drawn through Pillur I and Pillur II projects augments water supplied from Siruvani dam, the main source of drinking water to Coimbatore.According to information gathered from the irrigation department of Kerala, the state plans to store at least four tmc ft of water in the proposed dam, the first to be constructed by Kerala in the Bhavani basin, which originates in the Attapady hills in Palakkad district. As per the plan, the 450-metre-long masonry gravity dam would irrigate 4,347 hectares (net) and 8,387 hectares (gross) of paddy and sugarcane fields, provide drinking water to Attapady region, and generate electricity.Kerala officials claim that the dam would not affect the flow into the Siruvani dam, which provides drinking water to Coimbatore City. The dam, they argue, is to be constructed on a stream that carries spillover water from the Siruvani dam and tap water from over half a dozen rivulets in the Muthukulam forests. The site is about 20 km away from existing Siruvani reservoir.However, city officials are a worried lot. \"We are collecting information from Kerala. Any project that would reduce drinking water supply to Coimbatore should not be allowed. We will try our best to ensure water flow to Coimbatore is not affected,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner of Coimbatore Corporation. \"Kerala and Tamil Nadu must resist the dam project. It will neither promote agriculture in Attapady nor ensure drinking water for the local tribal community. Kerala is mooting the project without considering its ecological impact. The dam would deny drinking water to Coimbatore apart from destroying the ecological balance of Attappady,'' said S Jayachandran of Tamil Nadu Green Movement. \"When a similar move was made by Tamil Nadu to divert water from the Chaliyar river through Pandiyar-Punnapuzha project in the Nilgiris, we resisted the move, joining hands with the people of Kerala. Now I hope environmental groups in Kerala would protest this project,'' he added.A senior official with the water resources department in Kerala claimed that the state is entitled to utilize its share of 6 tmcft (thousand million cubic feet) of water awarded under the Cauvery water-sharing agreement from the Bhavani. \"Through this dam, we are planning to use only 4tmc of water,'' he said. According to officials, the Kerala government had spent Rs 19.5 crore in the 1980s to construct the base of the dam, a 9-km-long main canal, and an office complex at Agali, the main town in Attapady. As much as 750 acre of land was acquired at Venkkakadavu near Attapady and 51 tribal families were relocated. But the project was abandoned because of opposition from Tamil Nadu.The project was revived after Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee president Ramesh Chennithala visited Attappady last week. He had initiated the meeting on Thursday. Another meeting would be held in Thiruvanathapuram on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14164795", "title": "Diesel car tax is yet to spur sales", "text": "MANGALORE: Car dealers in the coastal city have been worried ever since Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy recommended a steep hike in excise duty on diesel cars.According to the proposal, an excise duty of Rs 1.7 lakh will be imposed on small cars, and medium and luxury category diesel cars will attract a duty of Rs 2.55 lakh.Dealers are egging on the customers not to postpone their buying in this lean season to boost sales, citing the minister's recommendations to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.And it's without a reason. The sale during peak time in Mangalore is 1,500 cars per month and averages at 1,200 per month in normal times. The high interest and petrol rates have seen the growth slump drastically in the recent two months to 700 cars per month, all dealers put together, despite assurance of low interest rates and freebies.Cauvery Ford deputy general manager Rajesh Shetty told TOI that the recommendation, if accepted by the finance ministry, would deal a blow to the automobile industry.\"There may be a renewed demand for petrol vehicles in case the rates are hiked, but the whole scenario is depressing,\" said Shetty. The car sales are likely to be down from mid-June and mid-July as many customers put off buying in the inauspicious Aati month.Mandovi Motors team leader Sandhya said customers are still not aware of the proposal; hence, the demand is low for this time of the year and there's no panic buying for available stock of diesel cars. Another reason for low demand during this season is customers defer buying vehicles either due to spend on school admissions or vacations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158358", "title": "NMC contractors meet Sole, want PWD norms to be followed", "text": "NAGPUR: Contractors working with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are a confused lot these days with the finance and accounts department failing to provide them with detailed statements. A delegation of the association met mayor Anil Sole on Friday and submitted a memorandum of demands including the release of payment statements.Accepting all the demands forwarded by the contractors, Sole assured to convene a joint meeting with standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari to discuss their problems and find a solution.In the memorandum, the association members have pointed out that though the NMC was following state public works department (PWD) norms regarding preparation of common schedule of rates, registration of contractors, tender processing, red book specification etc, the authorities had been failing on money matters. The civic authorities are turning a blind eye towards the PWD norm which allows submission of fixed deposit receipts, national service certificate against the earnest money deposit.The mayor immediately directed chief accounts and finance officer Madan Ghadge to follow all the guidelines laid down by PWD while awarding tender to any contractor. Sole also accepted the contractors' demand to allow physical submission of tender related documents. Currently, the NMC only accepts documents online. The association had also objected to 1% deduction of contractors' payment towards labour welfare cess. The contractors pointed out that the accounts department had failed to issue them TDS certificate for the last two years. \"We don't know which labour gets benefits out of the deductions made from our payment and whether it was applicable to all the contractors,\" the association members added.The contractors complained that despite e-governance being promoted, they had to go past around 20 tables to get their bills cleared. A middleman is actively involved in getting many contractors their payments early, the association members alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14174092", "title": "Mapuskar\u2019s big night graced by hometown friends", "text": "Three years ago, the premiere of Vidhu Vinod Chopra Films' 3 Idiots had the who's who of the Hindi film industry in full attendance.By contrast, the 2012 premiere of Rajesh Mapuskar's Ferrari Ki Sawaari turned out to be a rather dull affair, with several stars who have worked with the production house away from the city, busy shooting for their projects.However, Aamir Khan , whose biggest hit has been with VVC Films, lit up the atmosphere when he walked in to congratulate the team. An eyewitness present at the event told TOI, \"The premiere suddenly became lively when Aamir entered but within 45 minutes, we saw him leaving the venue.\" We hear the actor has already seen the film.Incidentally, the premiere was specially held for Mapuskar's family, friends and acquaintances from his hometown Shriwardhan in Konkan. And, nearly four to five bus loads of villagers, including Mapuskar's entire family, attended the event. Sharman Joshi shone the brightest as he came in, dressed in a black jodhpuri, with his entire family. On Wednesday, a premiere was also held at a single-screen theatre in Delhi and L K Advani graced the event.A source close to VVC Films revealed, \"Vidhu was a little upset that the actors who have worked with him were not present. But he was aware they were away shooting. Sanjay Dutt was in Jaipur shooting for his next. Vidya Balan, who has danced to a lavani number mala jau de in the film, was in Kerala shooting for a commercial.\"Among those present were Arshad Warsi, Fardeen Khan , Omi Vaidya, Sonu Sood, Mandira Bedi and Vidya Malavade. Dia Mirza, Gracy Singh , R Madhavan and Kareena Kapoor were conspicuous by their absence. And while the premiere was a low-key affair, the same cannot be said about the film, which is garnering rave reviews from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14159916", "title": "Maharashtra to put sex test clinics on \u2018notice\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is trying out a new idea to check the declining child sex ratio in Maharashtra. The public health department has decided to plaster notices on erring radiology centres and clinics to inform citizens about the doctors being involved in sex determination tests.A decision to this effect was taken last week in Mantralaya while discussing measures that the state government needs to take to curb female foeticide in Maharashtra. The meeting\u2014chaired by public health minister Suresh Shetty\u2014was attended by Vikas Kharge (commissioner, family welfare) and other officials of the health department.A senior health department official stated that plastering notices on clinics of the erring doctors will serve two purpose\u2014one to embarrass the erring doctor for his/her involvement in sex determination tests and also to inform the government machinery (police and public health department officials) will get to know if any clinic is operating despite being served notice.\"Modalities on the content of the notice have been worked out. The system to paste notices on clinics of erring doctors will soon be started in the state,\" the official added.Meanwhile, a senior public health department official has expressed displeasure with the home department for failing to trace the doctor-couple in Beed. \"Dr Sudam Munde and his wife Dr Saraswati are absconding for more than three weeks. The police department has failed to trace the whereabouts of the Munde couple. If in a state like Maharashtra\u2014known for having the best brains in the police force\u2014the doctors can't be traced, than it puts a serious question mark on the network and the ability of the police officials,\" the official added.However, home department officials have refuted the allegations. \"A team of police officials has been formed to trace the culprits in the Beed case. A few members of this police team are in neighbouring states to locate the erring doctor couple,\" a senior IPS official said. \"We will solve the case soon,\" he added.The state government had ordered CID probe into the Beed incident, following death of a pregnant woman while undergoing an abortion on May 18. Dr Munde, who allegedly performed the operation, is at large since the incident.Team to curb illegal centres in Vasai-VirarMUMBAI: The Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC) has formed a team of nine doctors to check illegal sex determination tests in the region. Apart from inspecting sonography centres and maternity homes, the team will seal unused sonography machines. In Navghar-Manikpur, the team of doctors recently sealed two unused sonography machines.Recent raids conducted on unrecognised doctors revealed that many were running maternity homes. There are a total 86 approved sonography centres in Vasai-Virar. The health department of the VVMC has begun inspecting the Form F records done before conducting ultrasound tests on pregnant women at these centres.Maternity homes and sonography centres have been directed to furnish adequate records of patients and details of tests done. Diagnostic centres and maternity wards have been directed to prominently display 'no-sex determination' boards. - Sandhya Nair", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14180850", "title": "Kate Winslet gets royal honour from Queen Elizabeth", "text": "Kenneth Branagh received a knighthood and Kate Winslet received a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, or CBE, in the queen's Birthday Honours List, that was published on Saturday.David Cameron's \"big society\" gong, the anachronistically named British Empire Medal, made its first appearance in twenty years in the Queen's birthday honours, rewarding \"hands-on\" service to local communities.Apart from Branagh and Winslet, 293 BEMs, known as the \"working-class gong\", scrapped by John Major in 1991 in his efforts to make the honours system \"classless\", were also awarded.The 51-year-old Branagh, said of his knighthood for services to drama and the community in Northern Ireland that he was \"humble, elated and incredibly lucky.\"\"When I was a kid I dreamed of pulling on a shirt for the Northern Ireland football team. I could only imagine how proud you might feel. Today it feels like they just gave me the shirt, and my heart's fit to burst,\" the Guardian quoted the actor as saying.The 36-year-old Winslet, said that she was \"surprised and honoured\" at her CBE for drama, which made her \"very proud to be a Brit.\"Revived by Cameron to encourage the \"big society\" and reward volunteering, BEM recipients included waitress Patricia Carter, for services to the hospitality industry, apiarist Geoffrey Hopkinson, for services to beekeeping, and many others who were involved with local community work, charities, and sports.Sir Bob Kerslake, head of the civil service who chairs the main honours committee, said that the re-introduction of the BEM for the Diamond Jubilee extended the reach of the honours system.\"One of the clear steers from the prime minister has been his desire to reflect in the honours system commitments around the 'big society',\" he said.The medals are presented locally by lords lieutenant.Following the Buckingham Palace Diamond Jubilee concert, tabloid predictions of an honour for 41-year-old Gary Barlow , were realised.'The Take That singer' was \"absolutely thrilled\" at his OBE, awarded for services to the entertainment industry and to the charity.The 59-year-old actor Jenny Agutter, of 'The Railway Children' fame who recently starred in the BBC1 drama 'Call the Midwife', was \"thrilled and touched\" by her OBE for charitable services.Knighthoods also went to Richard Stilgoe, the songwriter who was \"astonished and thrilled\", and Charles Dunstone, founder of Carphone Warehouse , both recognised for philanthropy.Tessa Jowell , the former culture secretary, was made a dame for service in support of the Olympics.A total of 1,201 people were recommended to the Queen for an award, with 1,064 candidates selected at BEM, MBE and OBE level, while 72 percent of recipients were involved in charitable or voluntary work in their local community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14167619", "title": "Friend kills businessman for money", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman was abducted and murdered allegedly by his friend and two of his associates and dumped near Turkman Gate in central Delhi on Friday. The victim has been identified as Zubair (22), who had a cellphone business. The motive, police said, was robbery as Zubair was carrying around Rs 5 lakh on him. He was found with his throat slit inside a Santro near Mata Sundri College, cops said. All three have been arrested.Sources said Zubair's friend, Yasir, who had joined his business four months ago, was allegedly in debt due to gambling. So, he hatched the plan, sources said. Two days ago, he had allegedly convinced Zubair to invest Rs 5 lakh in the business, promising mobile accessories at an \"exceptionally cheap\" rate from a contact in Gurgaon. On Friday, Zubair collected the cash from his uncle and Yasir apparently came home to accompany him. On the way, two of Yasir's associates got inside the Santro they were travelling in. When Zubair did not return home the whole night, his family went to cops. Zubair's calls were traced and Yasir was picked up the next day.Asource said Yasir kept misleading police, saying Zubair had gone to Manali for work. Later, he broke down and said he had taken Zubair to Gurgaon and other places and then murdered him and dumped the body near Gandhi Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14162935", "title": "HC notices to CBI, central vigilance commission in Jagan case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice GV Seetapathy of the high court on Friday issued notices to the CBI and the central vigilance commission (CVC) seeking within two weeks their responses to a petition filed by V Vijay Sai Reddy, the auditor of the companies belonging to Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy . Vijay Sai has called for an impartial probe by the investigative agency in the illegal assets case with a request with the CVC to supervise the same.The CBI probe should be strictly in accordance with law - namely the CBI manual and the Criminal Procedure Code - the auditor said in his plea. He referred to the latest application by CBI for a narcotic test on Jagan as a clear indication that such moves were more for media consumption than for the furtherance of the case.He pointed out that the present petition has been filed despite the rejection of an earlier application seeking similar relief. He alleged that such an approach from the premier investigation agency of the country did not inspire public confidence and was wholly unwarranted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14165710", "title": "He helps special children with education, life skills", "text": "For G Balaji, his own sufferings due to visual impairment made him work for the cause of blind children.Born in Mysore, he lost his sight permanently at the early age of five due to glaucoma (an eye disease in which the optic nerve is damaged in a characteristic pattern). But this did not dampen his spirit. \"People teased me for being blind and made me feel inferior. They all lacked simple human values,\" recollects Balaji.Balaji, 43, is now working as assistant professor in political science and public administration department at Maharani's College. He completed primary and high school studies in Little Flower Convent and St Louis School for the Blind (Chennai). He secured 85% in SSLC. Later he studied at St Philomena's College (Mysore) and did PG in political science at the University of Mysore. When he thought of pursuing doctoral studies, he chose issues related to special persons. His thesis is entitled 'Concept of welfare administration for the physically handicapped in the state of Karnataka: Mysore a case study from 1981 to 1996'. He was awarded PhD in 2006.When asked what makes him serve the physically challenged, he said: \"Alexander the Great, Vivekananda and others are my role models. They struggled in life. I too have experienced problems, and so want to give my love to the physically challenged.\"His aim to instill confidence among special persons made him set up Shubhodaya Charitable Trust under the motto 'Confidence is the supreme power'. Through the trust, Balaji wants to impart education among the physically challenged.'Voice Books' is his first project. It contains recordings of teachers and other experts who spoke on subjects prescribed for students of Karnataka. Speaking on its advantages, he said: \"It helps them overcome difficulties in learning, and builds self-confidence, while the Braille system has limitations.\" 'Voice Books' will release on July 1.His next project 'New Vision-Cornea Transplantation' is to help the visually impaired whose vision could be restored by cornea transplantation. The proposed centre will have an eye bank and other equipment necessary for treatment.Balaji dreams of setting up an integrated school with world-class facilities so that physically challenged children can study with other kids. \"Only education can empower the physically challenged children. Given right education, it can do wonders,\" he said, adding that the disabled must put maximum efforts to grow independently.On how one can make blind people happy, he said: \"I want to buy a bus and take all children on a long tour and visit places like parks, sanctuaries, museums, and trekking. All children crave to be out in the world and feel everything whether (s)he is able or disabled.\"Balaji's better half Harinakshi is a professor at St Philomena College (Mysore), and they have a five-year-old daughter. He has 15 years of teaching experience, and has written a book 'A guide to Indian Constitution: Engineering and Professional Ethics'.He hopes to get support from people for his trust so he can work for the cause of physically disabled people in a bigger way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14160252", "title": "Resurgence of the Maidan", "text": "Remember what George Eliot wrote in his novel -The Mill on the Floss? Very aptly he said, \"Nature often repairs her ravages, but not all. The uptorn trees are not rooted again; the parted hills are left scarred; if there is a new growth, the trees are not the same as the old, and the hills underneath their green vesture bear the marks of the past rending. To the eyes that have dwelt on the past, there is no thorough repair.\"The Gandhi Maidan, which still remains the green lung of the city, was also ravaged by man over the years. Many trees have been felled; there are big potholes and garbage lies littered around it. However, the present regime has undertaken the good work of renovating it.Though beautification and renovation work of this historic Maidan is being done on a war footing, it may take some time to complete the facelift. The levelling and gradation of the ground, which was scheduled to be completed by September last year, is now over. After Bihar Diwas celebrations, the building construction department (bhawan nirman vibhag) requested the district administration not to hold any programme at the ground so that its levelling could be done without hindrance.\"Our next step will be the construction of pathway, laying the grass bed and sprinklers. We intend to gift the people a green ground at least by the Independence Day,\" said executive engineer Ranjit Pratap Singh of Patna Bhawan Pramandal.There is a proposal to install the world's highest statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Maidan. For the 65-feet- tall statue (25-feet-high pedestal and 40-feet-high statue), the government has already sanctioned an amount of Rs 8.42 crore. A sum of Rs 2 crore has been paid to Ram Prasad, a Noida-based sculptor entrusted with the task of making the statue. If all goes well, the statue will be inaugurated on October 2 this year.The outer boundary wall of the Maidan is grillwork painted with matt-finish black paint, while exposed brick work will add grace to the outer wall. The inner part of the boundary wall will have planters with flowering plants that will be visible even from the roadside. This will add beauty to the ring road around the Maidan, which also has a 4-feet wide pedestrian walkway.The internal pathways will have white chequered polka tiles. At regular intervals on the flanks will be paver blocks (layered pedestal) with grass and golden duranta hedge growing in the gaps. The pathway will have raised planters in granite.In the middle of the Maidan will be a raised platform with sitting planks for the public. Black and white sandstone planters will adorn the four corners of this platform. Once the landscaping of the Maidan is complete, it will also have benches, lighted pavements and separate play zone for children and bars and equipment for the fitness freaks.According to building construction department, the total expenditure is likely to cross Rs 8.5 crore, while the department has already spent Rs 3.83 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14162659", "title": "Six plot owners get notice for lease deed cancellation", "text": "NOIDA: In a major crackdown against misuse of residential property for commercial purposes, Noida Authority on Friday issued lease deed cancellation notices to six owners. These allottees continued to operate non-conforming units despite receiving notices from the Authority. A showcause notice has also been issued to another allottee for violating building plans and amalgamating two plots into one for commercial use.Following the apex court's directives on December 5, 2011, Noida Authority had formed a committee to take action against all allottees conducting non-conforming activity from their premises. After inspection of five sectors, the committee put 39 allottees on the black list. \"We sent notices to these allottees and asked them to shut shop,\" said Manoj Rai, OSD, Noida. \"While 19 of these shut down activities, on 3 plots we found banks and clinics running, which we exempted from sealing,\" Rai said.The Authority then sent showcause notices to eight allottees. \"These include properties in Sectors 39, 48 and 52,\" Rai said. \"Several allottees chose to ignore our directions. We have now decided to take action against three properties in Sector 14, two in Sector 30 and one in Sector 52. They have been issued lease deed cancellation notices and their premises will also face sealing besides the 5% penalty of the current sector rates for restoration,\" Rai said.The Authority also sent a showcause notice to another allottee in Sector 52 for violating building plans and bylaws and not seeking permission for amalgamation of two plots \u2014 B-1 and 2 \u2014 into one. \"The allottee can do this only after seeking permission and paying a fee, which the property owner has not done,\" Rai said. \"Although the allottee has closed down the unauthorized guest house running from their property, he is likely to face action and penalty,\" Rai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14170379", "title": "EC goes aggressive to mobilise city voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With nearly ten days left for the local bodies election the fate of as many as 29 mayoral and over 1,025 contestants contesting for corporators post for 80 wards in the city would be locked in EVMs on June 27, officials of the district election office are mobilizing the voters and telling them about the strength of each and every vote. Be it educational institutes or city posh and slums, officials are encouraging voters and have even placed attractive hoardings at city main streets.These efforts are being undertaken on a war-footing after analyzing the fact that voter turn-out had always been low in urban sectors.Under the strategy, the officials of the district election office have also been making attempts to reach out among voters through various means and voters especially youths are being apprised about the virtue of voting.District election officer/district magistrate Anil Kumar had himself taken the command and appealing voters to come out from their house and know the power of votes.Apart from awareness campaigns, attractive slogans and messages have also been spread on a war-footing and stress has been laid on identified urban and rural sectors where the voting percentage was recorded less in compared to other areas..Slogans like \"know your power of vote \" and \" ho jao matdan ko taiyaar\" are aired and volunteers from various organisations have taken the task to aware people about the importance of vote.A seniof officials said: \"Officials are making sincere efforts to aware voters about their voting right and appealing them to come out from their houses on the polling day to cast their valuable vote on June 27.\"More or less, the administration has also been making efforts to dispatch voters slip to each and every voter at their doorstep with an objective of increasing voting percentage.Meanwhile, police authorities have too geared up to conduct civic body polls peacefully and decided to deployed over 6,000 jawans. The police officials have also decided to depute personnel of RAF and PAC at sensitive and hyper-sensitive polling booths.In city areas, there are 223 polling centers and 1086 polling booths whereas 83 and 341 polling booths are termed as hyper-sensitive and sensitive respectively. A senior cop said \" most of the sensitive and hyper sensitive booths are located in city west and city south areas where additional police forces would be deployed\".Similarly, police officials would be maintaining a strict watch in nagar panchayat elections to be held in Lalgopalganj, Mauaima, Handia, Phulpur, Shankargarh, Sirsa, Bharatganj and Jhunsi.A large posse of forces including six additional SPs, 14 DSPs, 16 inspectors, 180 sub-inspectors, 180 head constables, 2,500 constables, 4800 homeguards , 200 women cops, 12 companies of PAC and 4 companies of RAF would be deployed on the polling day.Besides, there would be reserve/additional police forces at reserve police line and the additional police forces would move to required areas on call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14168882", "title": "CBI opposes bail for IPS officer in Paazee scam case", "text": "CHENNAI:The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has opposed bail for the suspended inspector-general of police, S Pramod Kumar, in the Paazee forex scam case, saying he may intimidate the witnesses and tamper with documents.Acounter-affidavit to this effect was filed by the CBI in response to the bail plea of Pramod Kumar, who was arrested on May 2. The matter relates to 850 crore collected from the public by the Paazee Forex Trading Company promising fancy interest to depositors. The charge against Pramod Kumar is that he demanded 10 crore from the accused, and extorted 2.85 from them. Opposing the IPS officer's release on bail, the CBI said: \"The investigation is in a crucial stage. If Pramod Kumar is enlarged on bail at this crucial stage, he is likely to intimidate the witnesses and also tamper with documents.\"It also submitted that Pramod Kumar, who had two deputy inspectors general and eight superintendents of police under him in his capacity as inspector general of west zone, influenced the constitution of special teams to probe the Paazee scam. He posted favoured officers in Tirupur and got 2.85 crore from the accused through threats and coercion. The CBI said he was responsible the company's failure to repay deposits to the depositors. Investigation found that Pramod Kumar demanded an illegal gratification of 10 crore on the promise that the company need not make repayment to the depositors and that they can also delay the repayment.Noting that witnesses are police personnel, the CBI said he could exert influence over them directly and indirectly, if out on bail. In the light of new evidence emerging through investigation, Pramod Kumar had to be interrogated, as the probe is in a critical stage, it said. Denying allegations of illtreatment and lack of medical treatment during police custody, the counter-affidavit said nothing was diagnosed after his medical test. The matter has been adjourned to June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163491", "title": "Ticket-seekers brave heat, queues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Railway reservation centers at ISBTs (Inter-State Bus Terminal) in sectors 43 and 17 are unable to handle the large crowds of passengers coming here due to ongoing summer holidays. In Sector 43, the reservation centre has five counters out of which only two are working, while at the Sector 17 centre out of eight counters, only two are working.\"We don't have enough staff in these centres to man the counters,\" said a railway official in Sector 17, when asked about non working counters, while the railway official sitting on the ISBT 43 railway counter said, \"At present we have the provision of only two counters, soon the other three counters will be started.\"Sandeep Kumar, who was at the Sector 17 ISBT, said, \"Whenever I need a rail reservation, I rarely manage to get a seat in the first visit. I have to come two to three times for booking a single ticket due to heavy rush, and long queues.\"\"After waiting for hours when we finally get our turn then the counter shuts for break or lunch,\" adds another resident, Mukesh Sharma, who was in ISBT 43 to book a ticket.During the morning hours, the rush is at peak in the railway reservation centres. Waiting for hours is not possible in today's fast-paced life, rue city residents. Parveen Kumar, station superintendent, said, \"The non functional counters at both centres are made keeping in mind the future expansion of the building/centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14181704", "title": "JLo shows off fab curves in sexy cat suit", "text": "Jennifer Lopez flaunted her famous curves in a skin-tight cat suit at the opening night of her world tour in Panama City.The 42-year-old superstar showed off her body in the catsuit that was decorated with eye-catching diamante, which fanned out over her curves, the New York Daily News reported.The mother of twins, took to the stage in Panama City for the first night of her 'Dance Again' world tour, which will take her to Canada and the US and then Europe later this year.It was revealed this week that the American Idol judge would be sporting a number of outfits designed by Lebanese designer Zuhair Murad on her tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14168540", "title": "Only 1 Jorhat student in Top Ten", "text": "JORHAT: The result of the High School Leaving Certificate Examination (HSLC) was not satisfactory in Jorhat as only one candidate found a position in the Top Ten from the district, having the highest literacy rate in the state. According to teachers and guardians, this happened due to the decrease of top positions from 20 to 10 and some flaws in the examination system.Inspector of Schools (Jorhat) Kamaljyoti Gogoi said, \"Due to the withdrawal of 10 positions from the top, our students did not get ranks this year. If the rank holders would have been 20, more than seven students will include in the topper's list from Jorhat.\"He added, \"Rupasmita Devi of Titabor Pragjyotika Academy bagged the 5th position from the district with total marks of 563. Moreover, 15 students in advance mathematics, 4 in mathematics and 4 in general science got highest marks from Jorhat in the examination.\"Sashiprabha Borgohain, an academician and the headmistress of Jonaki Sangha School, said, \"From previous records, it is a proven fact that out students generally get ranks after 10th position. But due to abolition of the last 10 positions in the result, our students didn't get the top ranks.\"She added, \"We cannot rule out some errors in the examination because we found some unexpected marks in English and social science in case of some meritorious students. But, as far as the quality of education is concerned, I can say that we succeeded in maintaining quality. Out of 46 students in our school, 45 got first division, including 12 distinction holders, 15 star marks holders and one highest mark holder in general science.\"Headmaster of Teok Jyoti Vidyapith, Utpal Boruah, said, \"Out of 84 students from our school, 72 passed in first division and 9 distinction and 23 star marks holders. Twelve got second division. But due to some errors in the examination system, our students did not make it to the Top Ten.\"\"There are some errors in marking in social science and Assamese subjects as 22 students of our school got 80 marks each in Assamese paper, where many of them were to get more than 90,\" he said.Added the guardian of a student studying in Jorhat Balya Bhawan, \"We are not satisfied with the result.\"Jorhat district become the third district of the state with 78.63 pass percentage in HSLC. Out of 11,686, students 9,212 passed from the district with 1,690 in first division, 3477 in second and 4055 in third division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14163093", "title": "Student Organization of Panjab University leaders were arrested earlier too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recently arrested three leaders of Student Organization of Panjab University (SOPU), Bikram Jatana, Gagandeep Singh and Jaspreet Singh, are not new faces for Chandigarh Police.Sources told TOI, \"The three student leaders have been arrested four times separately under preventive measures and were released on regular bails from concerning courts.\" The cases against them were registered under sections 107/151 of CrPC and names of trio were listed in the list of troublemaker students of PU, sources added.Jatana is a student of English and cultural studies, Gagandeep is doing MPhil at Punjabi department, and Jaspreet is pursuing his LLB, and all of them were arrested under murder charges of Buntry Baweja, ex-sarpanch of Bahadurke village in Ludhiana.Officiating SHO of PS 11, SI Ramesh Kumar said police records suggest that Jatana, Gagandeep and Jaspreet were involved in student violence, especially during elections four times. He, however, added that none of them has violated bail rules and were attending court hearing dates regularly.Sources told TOI, \"The trio had gone to Ludhiana to support of candidate in the municipal corporation elections.\"Assistant superintendent of police (ASP) Deshraj Singh said the crime record of arrested students is being scrutinized and Ludhiana police will be informed about their previous record. He said production warrants will also moved in the concerning court if any of them was found wanted in the student violence case here.The intelligence wing of Chandigarh police has also contacted Ludhiana police to ascertain details about the murder case against the student leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14164546", "title": "Abu Dhabi's business delegation to visit Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: A trade delegation from the Abu Dhabi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ADwill visit Kannur in September to explore the business and investment potential of north Malabar. The office-bearers of North Malabar Chamber Of Commerce (NMCC) had in the recent past visited the ADCCI office.\"We had briefed them about the untapped potential of the region. They promised to send a team to Kannur when they visit the state in Kerala to attend the Emerging Kerala Meet,\" said K Vinod Narayanan, the president of NMCC, while addressing a press conference here on Friday.He said the NMCC delegation highlighted the investment potential in sectors like infrastructure development, handloom industry and tourism.NRI businessman and the director of ADCCI M A Yusuf Ali, who also participated in the discussion between ADCCI director general Mohammed Helal Al Muhairi and NMCC delegates, opined that there is immense scope for large-scale development projects in north Malabar and he would make all efforts to get help from the ADCCI., if the NMCC manages to highlight the possibility of such development projects, according to C Jayachandran , the vice president of NMCC.The event 'North Malabar Calling' organized in Dubai last week by Dubai-based expatriates' organization Welfare Association of Kannur Expatriates (WAKE) and NMCC was a huge hit. as it managed to showcase the investment and business possibilities in north Malabar. It also helped the businessmen from Kerala to explore the possibilities of expanding their business to the Gulf.Following this mega event, a few business groups have promised to invest in Kannur, which include a centre of Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) and the 'Mall of Joy' by Joy Alukkas Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14158484", "title": "Resource centre for women with HIV opened", "text": "NAGPUR: The twelfth five year plan may have special support for the HIV-positive women and children. Women living with HIV/AIDS may also get priority at government shelter homes. This is among the measures being proposed by women and child development (WCD) department of the government of India.Vandana Jena, adviser to the WCD in planning commission shared this information after a formal launch of country's second Women Resource Centre (WRC) in city at India Peace Centre. The centre has been set up with the help of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). First WRC was set up at Ajmer. Jena said that every district may have one such shelter home. Women with no shelter like destitute women, Dalit women, and widows can seek shelter here through a national helpline to be created for the purpose. Priority will also be given to HIV-positive women in these homes. In fact, government is also contemplating support for 'women in conflict areas' like those affected by left extremists.WRCs are aimed at linking all the different government welfare schemes to the women and children living with HIV/AIDS. The Positive Women Network (PWN), an NGO working for HIV-positive women in country in 13 states at present, is the force behind the centre. The funds for the centre come from UNDP. These women generally become widows at a very early age. Since they are afraid of disclosing their HIV status openly, they cannot avail the benefits of various social welfare projects and schemes.WRC will work for bringing these schemes to the positive women by helping them with documentation and follow up procedures to get the benefits faster. Umesh Chawla from UNDP said that problems of women living with HIV/AIDS were compounding. WRC would act as a link between the social protection schemes of the government and affected women.Akhila Sivadas from the Centre for Advocacy and Research (CFAR) lauded the efforts of the pioneer of such women's cause, P Kousalya, president of PWN which has helped about 28,000 women so for in various ways. She said that Kousalya is the living testimony of the struggle such women undergo. \"The dynamics of government working do not allow people to champion the cause of such women. But Kousalya has proved it otherwise with her dedication, sincerity and above all her daring to face the highest officials in planning commission and seek intervention for PWN members,\" she said. She also lauded Cyantha Shinde for taking over the responsibility as WRC coordinator for the city.Dr Ravi Wankhede, director of Jeevan Jyoti Blood Bank, Dr Milind Bhrushandi, Dr Praveen Dahake and Smita Pawanikar, district women and child welfare officer, were also present.Defying adversity, helping a causeNagpur: Disregarding the consequences, she went ahead and declared in public her HIV-positive status way back in 1995. In fact, she was the first HIV-positive woman to admit her status before the media. P Kousalya, now president of the Positive Women Network (PWN), became a widow at the age of 19 after just seven months of marriage. Instead of losing heart, she championed the cause of women like her.Kousalya shared her journey from her initial plight of not getting the right treatment and drugs to her present achievement of seeing her dream of starting Women Resource Centres (WRCs) for women and children living with HIV/AIDS with TOI on the sidelines of the launch of the centre in city.\"My mother had decided to marry me to my husband when both of us were child. He was a truck driver and knew he was infected with HIV just a few days before our marriage. He did not share it with me and passed the infection to me. Although I studied till Standard XII, I didn't know anything about the disease. I even went to quacks,\" said Kousalya describing her journey from Namakkal, a town in Tamil Nadu infamous for high HIV/AIDS prevalence.Looking back, she says she realized what good her family did to her and society at large by letting her share her HIV status. It was a blessing in disguise for women like me. \"Now I can stand face to face with authorities and demand our rights. Initially, I had to face a lot of hardship as I was thrown out of such platforms. But now I am a part of not just national but also international forums working for the cause. Yet we still have a long way to go,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14163893", "title": "Woman abducted, molested in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men allegedly drugged a 20-year-old woman, forced her inside their car and drove around in the city with an intention to rape. The incident occurred near Priya complex in Vasant Vihar in south Delhi.The woman \u2014 the daughter of an industrialist \u2014 was assaulted for about eight hours before her tormentors dumped her near a petrol pump around 8.30pm. Four hours later, police learnt about the incident from the hospital she was admitted in. The two men were arrested subsequently.They were identified as Prashant (23) and Milind (22). While Prashant is a BBA student at a reputed institute in Noida, Milind is a manager at a five star hotel. They knew the woman as they were former classmates. They planned a get together on Friday afternoon and asked her to come to Priya complex. She informed her family that she was going out with friends for a movie.When she reached around 12pm, Prashant and Milind changed the plan and instead suggested a trip to somewhere far. She objected to it and said she had to return home by 2pm. But they somehow convinced her for a drive. When they reached Dhaula Kuan, the woman objected again. This time, the men slapped her and threatened her of dire consequences if she resisted. They then went to Paschim Vihar and then to Mongolpuri. They didn't find any isolated place to park their car due to heavy traffic. The victim alleged that the men made her consume alcohol laced with sedatives and then took turns to molest her.After they dumped her, the woman contacted her family members who came and took her to the hospital. \"She has suffered severe injuries due to the incessant beating and needs to be under medical observation. We have recorded her statement,\" said the officer.However, medical tests later proved that the men didn't rape her. Cops said they have found evidence of the car's movement in all those places with the help of cellphone records.A case of molestation, abduction, assault and causing hurt has been registered under appropriate sections of the IPC. According to official statistics, rape per lakh population has shown an increase to 2.8 from last year's 2.65. The figure was 4.16 in 2005 and 3.82 in 2006 \u2014 the highest in the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ascona-locarno", "code": "14178649", "title": "Sharmila Nicollet misses cut at Swiss Open", "text": "ASCONA-LOCARNO: Sharmila Nicollet's late recovery came a tad too late as she missed the cut at the Deutsche Bank Ladies Swiss Open with a three-over 75 in the second round of the event.Sharmila found a couple of birdies on the back-nine after being five-over for the front nine. She finished with a total of 12-over 156 and crashed out of the tournament.It was the fourth successive missed cut for Sharmila, who had earlier failed to make the final rounds at Turkish Airlines Open, Unicredit German Open and Deloitte Ladies Open.Meanwhile, Australian Rebecca Artis continued to lead after grinding out a second round of one-under 71 in hot and windy conditions at Golf Gerre Losone. Artis, who opened with a career-low 64, was nine-under at the halfway stage of the Ladies European Tour's third biggest prize-money tournament.Defending champion Diana Luna (67-70) and Veronica Zorzi (69-68) joined England's Florentyna Parker (66-71) two strokes behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14159433", "title": "Need mechanical engineers for inspection, not electrical: Geia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After two children lost their lives in lift accidents in a matter of a month here, the chief lift inspector is contemplating doing away with collapsible doors in elevators across the state. Deval Vora and Jitu Jat , two children, from Paldi and Chamdlodia became victims of a shoddy system and criminal negligence of the residential societies and the government.A survey by the Gujarat Elevator Industrial association (Geia) claims that about 92 per cent societies in the city have not renewed their lift safety licenses. Geia secretary Pankaj Shah claims, \"An annual lift maintenance contract will require a residential society to spare 4 per cent of the total cost of the lift. Societies do not want to spend even this much. The lift inspector office is understaffed. Besides, we should have mechanical engineers conducting inspections and not electrical engineers. The work should be outsourced to credible engineering firms,\" says Shah.He adds that lift maintenance should be ideally carried out every 15 days.The chief lift inspector of the state Prashant Gandhi claims, \"We have been issuing notices for licence renewals. But then few societies respond. We are working on an action plan to prevent such accidents in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-16"}
