{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12105636", "title": "Pakistan warns west against war with Iran, seals pipeline deal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has cautioned the west against attacking Iran over its nuclear ambitions, saying it should learn the lessons from the Iraq war. \"West should learn the lessons of the lead-up to the Iraq war while attempting to confront Iran over its nuclear ambitions,\" Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar warned.Khar, who is on a four-day official visit to Britain, said Iran had not taken a belligerent stance towards its eastern neighbours, even as it had raised tensions across the Gulf and against Israel and the West. \"When it comes to our relations with Iran, we have only seen a better relationship,\" she was quoted as saying by The Daily Telegraph newspaper.She also said on Thursday that her country would go ahead with the gas pipeline deal with Iran a day after the US secretary of state Hillary Clinton warned that the project could lead to sanctions.\"The project is in Pakistan's national interest and will be completed irrespective of any external pressures,'' Khar told reporters. Khar said it was in line with Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan's resolve for greater cooperation in the domains of energy, connectivity and trade during the recent trilateral summit in Islamabad.\"The projects which were decided with Iran include the Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline, transmission of electricity and upgrading connectivity and trade between the two countries,\" she said.Clinton had said that Washington supported the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India pipeline as an alternative project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104379", "title": "Catch a prepaid taxi at CST from next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO plans to launch prepaid cab services from outside CST railway station from next week. A senior official said that a prepaid booth has already been set up and the Railways has completed all formalities. \"We have allotted the task of running the booth to one of the taxi unions and the launch date will be fixed for next week,\" he said.CST will be the fifth such station in the city to have a prepaid taxi services. The other four stations are Mumbai Central, Bandra Terminus, Dadar and Lokmanya Tilak Terminus.Sources said RTO does not allow cabbies to enter platforms at these stations and solicit passengers. Traffic police too has been deployed to ensure that cabs stand in queues and drivers do not refuse passengers.According to state transport commissioner V N More, prepaid cab service has reduced number of refusal cases outside railway stations.It is learnt that Mumbai will also have prepaid auto services at four new places-Borivli, Andheri, Bandra and Kurla stations. Sources said that the groundwork for the four prepaid stands has already begun. The union, led by Sharad Rao, has been demanding prepaid auto services at the airport and outside Bandra Terminus.A transport department official said, \"We are giving 40% incentive at prepaid booths on short-distance routes. If drivers are not interested in the prepaid booth, they have an option to stand in the normal queue. But my appeal is not to refuse passengers nor charge them excess fares.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105319", "title": "Court dismisses plea seeking forest minister\u2019s removal", "text": "CHENNAI: A petition filed by K R Ramaswamy alias 'Traffic' Ramaswamy, which sought for the removal of forest minister K T Pachaiammal because he had allegedly committed a violation of the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act by erecting digital banners, has been dismissed by the Madras high court. The first bench passed orders on the matter on Thursday.In his petition, Ramaswamy alleged that while he was travelling on Kamarajar Salai from Light House to Parrys Corner, he had found several digital banners fixed on lamp posts. There was proof that those banners had been put up by the minister, the judges said.Noting that the \"pleasure of dismissing/removing a minister\" has to be that of the Governor and not that of the court, the bench termed the petition \"wholly misconceived\" and dismissed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106238", "title": "Security tightened for peaceful polls", "text": "PANAJI: Police organized nakabandi throughout the state in order to ensure there is no law and order problem during the polls.In North Goa, as most policemen were posted for duty at polling booths, nakabandi at most places was done by police control room staff. There are 35 companies of central forces, besides home guards from Maharashtra, who will be deployed at various polling booths and strategic locations.With the border states of Maharashtra and Karnataka informing Goa they are concerned about illegal liquor being brought from Goa to their state and vice versa, police have also increased patrolling at the border. During patrolling Panaji police arrested known criminal Ashpaq Bengre as a preventive measure on receiving information that he was moving in a suspicious manner in Altinho on Thursday.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12103660", "title": "Suspecting man axes wife to death", "text": "YAVATMAL: An inebriated man axed his wife to death and fled the scene after bolting the door of the house in Rohile Baba slum area of Vanjari Phail on Wednesday evening.According to police, the accused Prakash Thakur (50) went out in the morning and returned home in the evening in an inebriated condition. When he returned, his wife Manda (45) was not in the house which irked him. He was waiting for her to come. When she returned, he picked up a verbal duel with her. He was suspecting her fidelity and often thrashed and abused her by saying that she had illicit relationship with another man in the neighbourhood.As altercation between them escalated, the accused picked up an axe and attacked wife. She collapsed and died on the spot. On seeing the lifeless body of his wife, Prakash took to his heels after locking his house.Their son Govind was playing outside at the time of the incident. He found the door locked on his return. He peeped into the room and found his mother lying in a pool of blood. He alerted the neighbours who rushed to the house.Govind reported the matter to the city police station. The cops reached the spot and broke open the door. They conducted spot panchnama and sent the body for postmortem at Government Medical College.City police have registered an offence under section 302 of IPC against Prakash and seized the blood-stained axe from the house. The police are yet to arrest the accused.SDPO Lata Fad said that they are investigating the incident and added that the accused would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12108844", "title": "Motive unclear in Shehla Masood murder case", "text": "BHOPAL: The motive behind the murder of Madhya Pradesh RTI activist Shehla Masood continues to be shrouded in mystery even after investigators arrested three persons including a woman interior designer, in this connection.While the CBI arrested interior designer Zahida Pervez and Shakib Ali \"Danger\" from here, the UP police has apprehended one person from Kanpur.Whether the murder was the result of a relationship that Shehla is said to have with Zahida's husband or was it professional rivalry between the two over getting contracts from the Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) for their alleged proximity with BJP MLA and then MPTDC chairman, Dhruv Narayan Singh, are some questions that the central agency needs to probe.Sources said it was Shehla, who had introduced Zahida to MPTDC, but when she got closer with the then Chairman and started getting contracts, the RTI activist created hurdles by filing number of RTI applications to block the projects. Efforts to contact Dhruv Narayan on the issue proved futile as he remained unavailable.Though CBI has already quizzed Narayan in this regard, whether it will call him again for further investigations in the light of new developments in the case, is not yet clear.CBI spokesperson, Dharini Mishra told PTI that \"whether to question him (Dhruv Narayan) again or not in this regard would depend on the outcome of the investigations currently underway and if something tangible comes out then definitely, whoever the person may be, would be summoned.\"\"At present it is too premature to say whether he would be called or not,\" she said.Meanwhile, sources associated with the probe during the initial phase said the CBI reached the alleged killers, on the basis of call details generated from the tower located in the Koh-e-Fiza area where Shehla was shot dead on August 16, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103285", "title": "Inspector booked for cheating ex-sarpanch", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have lodged an FIR against a police inspector and two others after a former sarpanch alleged that the inspector had not paid the entire amount after buying a plot of land worth Rs 2.65 crore from him. The harassed victim had even tried to commit suicide by consuming a poisonous substance, although his condition is said to be stable now.According to the police, Sunil Yadav, ex-sarpanch of Samaspur village, struck a deal of his 700-yard plot with Kuldeep Beri, inspector of Gurgaon police and at present posted in the Police Lines, for Rs 2.65 crore about a year ago. At that time, Beri had even given post-dated cheques (PDCs) of Rs 60 lakh to the sarpanch.According to the victim's statement, Beri got the registration of the land in his name three months ago, but when Yadav deposited the cheques, they allegedly bounced. When he asked the police officer, he deposited Rs 60 lakh in the victim's bank account, but after some time he took back Rs 35 lakh from him saying that he needed the money to buy a house in the city.However, when Yadav asked Beri for the money, he threatened him with dire consequences.According to Yadav, around 8.30am on Wednesday, some men who were allegedly sent by the inspector kidnapped him from his house and took him away in a car. They threatened him that if he demanded the money, they would be forced to kill him and dropped him near his house late in the night.After the incident, Yadav wrote a note around 1.30am before attempting to commit suicide by consuming a poisonous substance. He was admitted to a private hospital by his family members and his condition was said to be stable now.On Thursday morning, police officials went to the private hospital and collected Yadav's suicide note from him. \"In the suicide note, the sarpanch had written that Beri had cheated him. When he demanded the money that was due to him, the inspector threatened him with dire consequences. As a result, he was forced to commit suicide,\" said a senior police officer.On Thursday afternoon, when Yadav's condition improved, Badshapur police reached the hospital and recorded his statement. On the basis of the statement, an FIR was lodged against Beri and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103858", "title": "Nigerian held with cocaine in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Nigerian who was allegedly in possession of 250g of cocaine was arrested from west Delhi. The narcotic is estimated to be Rs 2.5 crore in the international market. With his arrest, the crime branch claimed to have smashed a drug syndicate operating from Mumbai.The accused, Humphrey O Agbaru, was caught in Vikaspuri with the contraband on Thursday, joint commissioner of police (crime) Sandeep Goel said. \"The cocaine was supposed to be sold to high-end clients and used in rave parties in the NCR and neighbouring states. One of Agbaru's brother is a police inspector in Nigeria, while another works in a shipping company,\" Goel said.Agbaru had allegedly obtained a passport of Botswana using a forged Indian visa from one Nigerian, Gabriel Olawale Ajisafe, after he lost his original documents. Ajisafe was arrested on February 15, along with four others, for printing fake dollars and over 500 fake passports, additional DCP (crime) Ravi Shankar said.Agbaru had visited India for the first time in 1998 on a tourist visa. He visited the country again that year on a student visa. Agbaru then enrolled into a BA course in Lucknow's DAV College and completed his MA in Sociology in 2002. He was later arrested as his visa had expired.After coming out of jail, Agbaru went back to Nigeria and started a garment business in 2002, chief investigator P C Khanduri said. He, however, returned to India. Four years later, he married a woman from Satara, Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12108395", "title": "Writer Shivaram Karanth's house reduced to rubble", "text": "MANGALORE: Development has claimed a major landmark in Udupi. It is the 200-year-old house of Jnanpith awardee and literary giant Shivaram Karanth at Kota in Udupi district, 80 km from here. The house was razed to make way for the four-laning of the National Highway 66 between Surathkal -Kundapur.An NHAI official in-charge of the project said that it was impossible to widen the road near Karanth's house without touching it. \"The available width was just 24 metres. Now we have 45 metres.''Even late V S Acharya, who was Udupi district in-charge minister, had expressed his helplessness saying road widening and related technicalities were best left to officials. \"If there is any chance of preserving it, we will do it. Though Karanth was born in Kota, he lived most of his life in Suhasa in Saligrama and Balavana in Puttur,'' he had remarked.It was at Kota, where the young Karanth lived with his brothers and did his schooling in the nearby Kota Primary School and Guliyar School. The house was built by Karanth's father Shesha Karanth and later was renovated. The prized possessions in the house were a 150-year-old clock, a swing and wooden chair used by Karanth, which are now with family members.Malini Mallya, president, Dr Kota Shivaram Karanth Research and Study Centre Trust, said the house, no doubt being the birth place of Karanth was holy, but it had lost it sanctity as it was turned into a commercial unit. `It is natural that emotions are attached with such institutions. But national concerns override these sentiments. The Rs 2-crore memorial built nearby for Karanth is a fit substitute memorial for him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103658", "title": "MCD polls: Parties chalk out election strategies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the poll panel finalizing the date for municipal elections, political parties have started planning for the grand event. Hours after the date was announced, BJP held a special meeting to discuss its election strategy. The party -which is in majority in the unified MCD - is working hard to win the three new corporations. It has decided to come up with three manifestos.\"Each corporation has different issues, so we decided to make a separate manifesto for each body,'' said Vijay Goel, all India general secretary, BJP. The party has decided to form various committees to deal with matters related to finance, discipline, publicity, election management and manifestos.\"We are focusing on different areas which need to be critically looked at during the election. We will soon decide who will head these committees. The process of finalizing the candidates will also start soon,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, state BJP.While BJP had started discussion in the first week of February, Congress held the first meeting regarding MCD elections on Thursday. \"We will start the process of selecting candidates and finalize the list within the next 10 days,\" said JK Sharma, leader of opposition in MCD House.Shriomani Akali Dal (SAD), from which five sitting councillors have lost their seats, is planning to discuss the matter with its alliance partner BJP in a special meeting on Friday. \"We will ask BJP to adjust our sitting councillors on general seats. We have also prepared a list of few candidates who should be given a chance,''said Manjinder Singh Sirsa, SAD councillor from Punjabi Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12105130", "title": "Congress workers cry foul over \u2018bad governance\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of Congress workers on Thursday took to the streets, protesting against the government for allegedly failing on several fronts, and the district minister's \"unwarranted interference\" in civic administration.The protesters assembled near Public Offices building, which also houses the office of district minister Ramdas, and raised slogans for nearly two hours. They accused the government of misusing funds given by the Centre under JnNURM scheme, which is aimed at reviving crumbling urban infrastructure. They claimed that the ambitious 24x7 water project is biting the dust, \"but the government is silent on the issue\". Women protesters displayed empty pots to highlight the grim water scene in the region.Many development projects that are underway in Mysore are going at a snail's pace, they said, charging the government with not addressing the water problems. They also accused Ramdas of \"unnecessarily interfering\" in projects taken up by Mysore city Corporation.Addressing the protesters, MP A H Vishwanath claimed that ongoing development projects are that of central government.Meanwhile, MLA Tanveer Sait collapsed during the protest for a while. Former mayors Vasu, T B Chikkanna, Purushotham, Ayub Khan and other MCC members took part in the protest. A foreign national, who was passing through the protest venue, too joined the agitation for sometime. Vehicular traffic was disrupted following the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "velim", "code": "12106314", "title": "Will Banjo finally play Velim's new tune?", "text": "VELIM: It's a constituency that is still reeling from an election commission raid on the Velim parish priest's residence, a subsequent, and more recent, mob attack on five policemen and the consequent slapping of attempt to murder charges among other IPC sections against 1,508 persons.So even though the constituency looks set for a 2007-repeat final showdown between sitting MLA Felipe Neri Rodrigues and Benjamin 'Banjo' D'Silva, the undercurrents in Velim village could well twist the outcome.While Rodrigues continues as the Congress candidate, D'Silva, the Save Goa Front candidate five years ago, is contesting as an independent and has the backing of the BJP.\"The chances of Banjo winning the elections this time is very high and I am saying this just from the feedback we have received from all our corner meetings,\" says Hector Colaco, a staunch supporter of D'Silva. Colaco claims D'Silva's got the backing of at least 70% of the people in Sao Jose de Areal, which has been added to the constituency along with Sarzora and Dicarpale post the delimitation exercise.\"I have covered the entire Velim constituency and I am very confident of winning this time,\" adds D'Silva, pointing out that apart from the anti-incumbency factor, the anti-Congress wave will ensure Rodrigues' loss.Supporters of Rodrigues however dismiss allegations of no development in Velim in the last five years. \"He has been carrying out developmental work with the participation of the people, right from the planning to the execution stage,\" said a close aide, adding that there was no anti-incumbency factor.\"He is a three-time MLA and has been re-nominated by the Congress because he shares a relation with the electorate in Velim like no other,\" adds another personal aide.The other independent candidate in the fray , Clifton de Souza, a green activist who is backed by Zagrut Raikarancho Awaz (ZRA), is offering an alternative and seems to have won himself many supporters. Likened to Bismarque Dias, the priest and independent candidate in Cumbharjua constituency, de Souza's main agenda is \"to create awareness among people on the need to vote for people with good character\".\"I have covered most of Velim and people know me for the work I have done,\" says de Souza, who successfully stopped the dumping of land in low-lying paddy fields and encroachments in mangrove areas. He said his aim in contesting was less to win than to create awareness about voters needing to change their approach.For Rodrigues and D'Silva, on the other hand, March 3 is all about polling a win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104470", "title": "Forensic tests likely on pvt detectives\u2019 laptops", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will send three laptops and a computer that belonged to detectives, accused of invasion of privacy, to forensic examination. According to the police, the private detective agency may have accessed and sold call records of 500 people.Some documents, including diaries, have been seized from the office of the detective agency at Bandra (W). The accused would make an entry of their client with their name in the diaries and a brief description of the case, the police said.\"A diary entry has been made in the name of a man who wanted the call records of his girlfriend, a model by profession. He seems to have paid Rs 30,000 to the agency for the task,\" said a senior police officer. \"There are some entries of a client who has been referred to as 'VIP'. For each call record, the client seems to have paid Rs 1 lakh,\" he added.The police are searching for the agency's owner, Govind Shah alias Dinanath Saroj, who has disappeared after the arrest of his employees. \"Saroj knew the details of his clients and their targets. His arrest will help us understand the working of the agency,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108751", "title": "Asin\u2019s fun time", "text": "Asin recently got a day off to herself. The actress, who has been tied up with the shoot of Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan in Panchgani, was delighted and decided to make the most of it.Says a source close to her, \"Few people know that she is a fan of adventure sports and loves trying out new stuff all the time. So, when she found out about the paragliding facility in Panchgani, she immediately made a plan to try it out.\" And that's not all.Apparently, she hires a cycle in the evenings after the day's shoot to go cycling on a unique trail, made especially for cyclists. \"She tries not to miss out on her cycling as it's an easy form of exercise,\" the source adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "shimla/manali/dharamshala", "code": "12106346", "title": "Bus-taxi operators' strike hits life", "text": "SHIMLA/MANALI/DHARAMSHALA: A one-day strike call given by private bus and taxi operators in Himachal Pradesh affected normal life on Thursday. The union of taxi operators has called for the strike to protest the manifold increase in various taxes on transport vehicles imposed by the state government.The state government in a recent notification increased the token tax for taxis from Rs 1,300 to Rs 1,800, the permit fee from Rs 750 to Rs 2,500, the permission fee from Rs 120 to Rs 620 and sought to increase the registration fee manifold.School children and officer goers were the most affected by the strike as buses and taxis kept off the roads. With most schools opening on Thursday after a three-month winter break in Shimla, the stir hindered movement of schoolchildren and office commuters. However, the Himachal Roadways buses continued to ply throughout the day.\"Not enough security was deployed on the roads as taxi and bus operators deflated tyres of buses and other vehicles that blocked traffic at New Shimla,\" said Seema Thakur, a housewife, who had a difficult time sending her daughter to the school.When contacted, Shimla SP Jagat Ram said that barring blockage of traffic at two places, no untoward incident was reported from anywhere else in the city. \"Even at two places where the operators had deflated tyres in an attempt to block traffic, normalcy was quickly restored,\" he said. No one had been rounded up for any law and order problem, he added.\"We have deployed 15 buses and also planned special routes for today, to avoid inconvenience to commuters. Since it was a working day, buses were overcrowded,\" said HRTC regional manager Gorakh Singh in Dharamshala.In Manali, thousands of tourists, who could not get taxi, remained confined to their hotels. Solang, Naggar, Manikaran and other tourist spots of Manali wore deserted looks. Tourists, who reached Manali only for holidaying were disappointed.A visitor from Pune, Balraj Deshmukh, who had planned to visit Solang Valley for skiing and paragliding with his family, said he had already booked his return Volvo ticket from Manali to Delhi for Friday and he would not be able to see all tourist spots in Manali because of the strike. \"This strike could be for good or bad reasons, but we are suffering its adverse impact,\" he said.The Himachal government at its cabinet meeting, presided over by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , on Wednesday, decided to defer the imposition of vehicle tax, yet the private operators pressed ahead with strike.The government had come out with a notification on February 4, declaring its intention of increasing vehicle tax from February 15 for small vehicles from Rs 1,000-1,500 to Rs 3,000, medium vehicles from Rs 1,500-2,000 to Rs 3,000 and for large vehicles from Rs 2,000-2,500 to Rs 3,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104491", "title": "British national dies after felling down in hotel bathroom", "text": "JAIPUR: In a tragic accident, a British national who was suffering from cancer and other diseases, including diabetes , died here on Thursday at a city hotel where he was staying after slipping and falling down in the bathroom of the hotel situated near Jawahar Circle area.The incident took place at 4 am when the tourist, Allen Joop (75), from United Kingdom went to the bathroom. Since he was a bit sleepy and he slipped and fell down into the bathroom, police said.The hotel authorities rushed him to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead, police said, adding that the elderly tourist had also sustained grave head injury after he fell.\"It was also found that he was highly diabetic, a cancer patient and was unconscious after he fell down,\" a senior police officer said.Later, the body was sent to SMS hospital for post-mortem. \"We have also communicated about the incident to the embassy of UK in Delhi,\" an officer said.\"It appears that he died of head injury. However the exact cause of his death would be ascertained only after the post-mortem,\" said a police officer from the Jawahar Circle police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105214", "title": "Insider helped Gupta cheat DLF", "text": "HYDERABAD: A senior functionary who worked with the DLF seems to have led the construction giant into a trap to believe that Gowri Shankar (GS) Gupta's claims to launch mega real estate ventures were genuine. Meanwhile, GS Gupta and his nine associates are still at large.Police said an executive director of DLF made the firm believe that GS Gupta was a very influential person having contacts with top politicians in the state and the projects he was proposing were genuine.As the top honcho is no longer with DLF and has taken up a senior position in another corporate company recently, Central Crime Station (CCS) investigators, who are probing the case said they were not in a hurry to arrest him till they catch Gupta first.\"After finding the fraud, DLF waited for a long time hoping that Gupta will refund the money. Finally, they lodged a complaint when they realized that he was in no mood to return the money,\" a CCS officer said.DLF representatives lodged their first complaint against Gupta on January 28 and the second on February 4. After registering FIRs based on these complaints, the CCS police interrogated Gupta several times at their office in Basheerbagh.During the interrogation, Gupta kept telling police that he would discuss the issue with DLF representatives and reach an amicable settlement. The maverick realtor also told CCS police that he was very close to two former CMs.\"At a meeting held between the two parties, Gupta said that he could return only Rs 200 crore, but DLF did not agree and the failure of talks may have made the builder realise that his arrest was imminent,\" a source said.Gupta last appeared before CCS sleuths on February 16 and after that he became incommunicado. \"His phone was switched off and he was not available at his Road Number 8, Banjara Hills residence,\" another officer said.Subsequently, all the other accused, who stay at various places in Banjara Hills, fled the city and finally the news got 'leaked' to media on Thursday after police failed to locate any of them.One of the officials said that Gupta and other accused are suspected to be taking shelter in Delhi or Poorvanchal, close to the Nepal border.Though police knew that the main accused, Gupta, was absconding since February 16, a Look Out Circular (LOC) was issued against him only on Thursday giving him ample scope to flee the country.However, CCS sleuths claim that Gupta has not left the country as they have verified it with international airports in the country before issuing LOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12106287", "title": "Repeated thefts hint at \u2018insider\u2019 hand", "text": "VARANASI: The repeated incidents of theft of opium, either raw or dry powder, from the Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW) (Ghazipur) have put the police and other investigating as well as monitoring authorities on high alert.The GOAW was established by the East India Company in Ghazipur in 1820 to process opium extracted from poppy plants. After independence, this factory continued operating under government of India to produce opium and alkaloid for medicinal purposes. This factory not only supplies its products to the medicine manufacturers of the country but the opium is also exported to other countries.But in last few years, the GOAW has been in limelight for wrong reasons. The available records of theft of opium from this factory show that in 2009, the ATS of state police had caught some CISF personnel, said IG (range) R P Singh, who was in contact with Narcotics Control Bureau of India (NCBI) and top officials of GOAW after Wednesday's incident. In March 2011, two containers in which 50 kg dry opium powder was kept had been stolen from the parcel van of a train when it was being taken to Delhi for exporting it to Germany.The cost of stolen opium powder was estimated as Rs 2 lakh only. But people engaged in stealing the opium powder could formulate about 4 kg heroin from it, that costs over Rs 4 crore in the international market. After this incident, one NCB inspector and two security guards were suspected but the case could not be worked out. The police still suspect that theft took place due to the laxity of railway staff.However, when the Varanasi police exposed another theft of 558 kg of raw opium, worth Rs 6 crore, it became very clear that the malpractices of the nexus between drug peddlers and security force deployed at the factory are still continuing. The officials are estimating that over 25 kg of heroin could be formulated from the seized opium that would cost Rs 25 crore in the international market.The IG said that general manager of GOAW, who sits in Delhi, and manager of factory at Ghazipur had been summoned.He said that he also contacted the NCBI's director O P S Mullik who assured to send a team of three officials by Friday morning to probe into the matter.He said that the role of CISF and factory management is under scanner. The other major challenge before the police is to detect the nexus between gang, factory staff and CISF personnel.DIG Ram Kumar said that during initial interrogation, the persons arrested on Wednesday night admitted that they were indulged in these practices for over one-and-a-half years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103898", "title": "Now, grow healthy veggies on terrace", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving space to five little pots on your balcony can help you cook a colourful and nutritious meal, say agricultural scientists. The ongoing Krishi Vigyan Mela at Pusa campus, Indian Agricultural Research Institute is focusing on farming technologies for urban farmers. The fair is on till March 3.These scientists are promoting 'container gardening' that include a variety of seasonal vegetables and exotic herbs that can suffice for the regular needs of a small family. In Delhi, when vegetables grown on the Yamuna flood plain contain toxic metals and are laced with pesticides, growing vegetables at home is a better option, they said.\"The focus is now mostly on cereal crops instead of vegetables. But only the right balance of vegetables and cereals can provide a balanced diet. It can raise the income of small farmers who are cultivating vegetables. Moreover, there is hardly any space to farm in urban and peri-urban areas these days and people must use their balcony or terrace space,\" said head of vegetable science, IARI, Pritam Kalia.Unlike the current fad of organic farming, IARI scientists focused more on hybrid technologies as most of the healthy looking plants had been developed in the IARI labs through cross-breeding.The container gardening stall is selling seed kits worth Rs 50 for kitchen gardens. \"I have picked up a kit with the hope that my balcony will look as lush as the vegetables are looking here,\" said Priyali Sood, a visitor. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105590", "title": "Despite drop, India No. 9 in number of immigrants", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of foreign immigrants living in India is steadily declining, but India continues to be among the 10 countries with the highest in-migration in the world. At the same time, India sends the fourth largest number of emigrants to other countries.In 2010, there were 5.4 million foreign-born people living in India, according to new estimates released by the Population Division of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs. These numbers make India home to the ninth largest number of foreign-born people in the world.But this number has been in decline since post-Partition migration and an influx of refugees from Bangladesh following the 1971 war.There were 7.5 million foreign-born persons living in India in 1990. By 2000, this number was down to 6.4 million on account of the death of these older immigrants and refugees.While a source country-wise break-up is not available for immigrants in India in 2010, past trends indicate that the likes of French diplomats in Delhi, American investment bankers in Mumbai and British techies in Bangalore form a tiny part of this diaspora. In the 2001 census, 97% of all immigrants were from south Asian countries. Three million were from Bangladesh alone, followed by a million from Pakistan and 600,000 from Nepal .These numbers are de facto, and should cover both legal and illegal immigration, a UN Migration Team spokesperson said. However, unnaturally high growth rates for some border districts indicate that undocumented immigration does exist. Arif Mohammed (name changed on request), a Bangladeshi rickshaw-puller living in east Delhi, gave some insight into why some Bangladeshis might not state their immigration status. \"We are a big community in east Delhi and many of us live and work together. Some of us have proper papers and some do not. But either way the police harass you,\" he said.\"There is difference between historical migration, such as that from Bangladesh, and new migration flows which we in India need to acknowledge,\" says Binod Kharia, chairperson of the Zakir Husain Centre for Educational Studies at JNU and director of the International Migration and Diaspora Studies Project, co-sponsored by the Government of India. \"We need to start looking at these unskilled immigrants from Bangladesh, often undocumented, as potential human capital and invest in them,\" says Kharia.The US remains the biggest destination for immigrants and this number continues to grow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12108135", "title": "SC bench recuses itself from hearing PIL on Cairn-Vedanta deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court bench on Friday recused itself from hearing a petition challenging the validity of the USD 8.5 billion Cairn-Vedanta deal and seeking a CBI probe into reasons for ONGC and government in \"not asserting\" their legal rights in the issue.Without giving any reason, a bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said it would not like to hear the matter and that it will go to some other bench.The judges simply said that the matter should not be listed before them.The petition, which was filed on February 27, had also sought audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) into several aspects of the deal and government approvals for the acquisition of the majority stake of Cairn India by Anil Agarwal's Vedanta Resources on the ground that the offer in this regard should have gone first to the state-owned PSU ONGC.The PIL, filed by a Bangalore resident Arun Kumar Agarwal, stated that the ONGC, in an agreement with Cairn group, had a clause that in case the Cairn Group wanted to sell its shares in Cairn India, it would first offer the same to the ONGC.If the ONGC refused to buy the stake, then only Cairn can sell it to another party and, hence, the ONGC had the right of first refusal (ROFR), it said.It alleged that the decision on the deal had been made on \"extraneous considerations\" and without taking into account relevant considerations.The petition said that had the ONGC, which was the joint venture partner of Cairn India, been offered its ROFR for the Cairn India's shares and had it exercised its right, the exchequer would have benefited by over Rs one lakh crore.However, Cairn Energy signed a deal with Vedanta group to sell its shares in Cairns India, without making an offer to the ONGC, the PIL said.Agarwal was the first complainant in the 2G spectrum scam resulting in the lodging of the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105373", "title": "Charminar jammed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Charminar holds the dubious distinction of having the highest number of parking violations in the city as recorded in the past three years. The traffic police recorded 4,365 cases of parking violations here that is almost double the number of cases booked in other parts of the city.Over the last decade or so, the number of vehicles in this area has gone up by four-fold more so after Charminar and Chowmahalla Palace were thrown open to the public. Traffic cops estimate that a staggering four lakh vehicles now move past Charminar on a daily basis. However, the civic body has not come up with any parking space for the rising number of vehicles. Visitors and locals remark that they consider themselves lucky if they find a space to park vehicles here.Areas such as Begumpet have recorded 2,967 such violations in the past three years, largely because it has adequate parking amenities and Charminar has next to nil.Apart from the SYJ complex at Pathergatti and Nizamia General Hospital close to Charminar, there are no parking areas here. Residents complain that they go through a nightmare crossing the entire stretch of Madina-Pathergatti-Charminar wading through the maze of vehicles. Thousands of hawkers compound the congestion. \"The autorickshaw menace goes on unchecked. The unruly auto drivers block the roads leaving little space for other motorists and commuters. Traffic police is a mute spectator to the traffic indiscipline here,\" says a lecturer from Hussaini Alam Degree College.Not just parking but other traffic violations such as driving without licence and vehicles with extra projections (large loads that project from outer edges of the vehicle) are also the highest here. In fact, for two consecutive years, 2009 and 2010, Charminar had the highest number of cases booked under the Motor Vehicle Act in the entire city. However, in 2011, the top slot was taken over by Punjagutta with 5,697 cases followed by Charminar that recorded 4,890 traffic violation cases during the year.G Laxman, inspector (traffic), Charminar, says that with buses to Charminar routed via Purani Haveli and banning of mass transport near the famous structure to cut down the pollution levels, the only mode of public transportation is the auto. Laxman says that there is no parking area earmarked for thousands of autos that drop passengers at the historic monument. Besides, he attributed the violations to narrow roads, massive inflow of vehicles and no parking space. \"Under Charminar Pedestrianisation Project, parking lots were planned in Charminar bus stand, old pension payment office at Khilwat, among a few other locations close to the historic monument. Completion of CPP alone will solve the long standing problem,\" says Laxman. The parking problem has cast a shadow on business, say traders. They say that being the oldest and biggest shopping areas in Hyderabad, it has not lost its sheen in recent times despite the recent competition from malls. Abid Mohiuddin, secretary, Old City Traders' Association says that the popular market here has 20,000 stores and is a sought after tourist hub but as an irony, the state government has not taken any initiative to develop the area.C V Anand, additional commissioner, traffic, says that the area has to be viewed from a socio-economic and historic angle. Hawkers have been living off the roads here for the last four centuries and the traffic congestion has become a way of life, he says. \"We have drawn boundary lines for hawkers and booked cases on those who cross the line,\" says Anand.He agrees that the traffic police are comparatively lax in this part of the town and says that it is mainly because there is no VIP movement here. \"Local traffic police sometimes collude with the hawkers and auto drivers but over the last year or so traffic discipline is being strictly enforced here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110042", "title": "Rocking the joints", "text": "It seemed like the youngsters of Chennai had the time of their lives at this recent get-together.The party held at one of the popular nightclubs witnessed the hip and happening nightbirds of the city thronging in, with their friends and loved ones in tow, with the singular agenda of having a blast.Music occupied centrestage as the DJ belted out some awesome mixes - David Guetta , Black Eyed Peas , Rihanna , the gang just couldn't stop dancing. While pop queens and hip hop buffs regaled in the spirit of the music, there were also those who wanted to take it slow and steady.As they sipped on their drinks and munched on their appetizers, the conversations flowed freely and amicably. There were talks centred on the Oscars as well, which inspired quite a few debates. Well, with such great pals for company and banter, who wouldn't have a ball?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109920", "title": "'Jalsa' sentiment for 'Gabbar Singh'", "text": "Pawan's last hit 'Jalsa' had Ileana donning the name Bhagyamati and Pawan fondly calls her as 'Bhaagi'. Now, it appears that the same sentiment has been applied to 'Gabbar Singh'.It is known that Pawan Kalyan is currently busy with the shooting of his new movie 'Gabbar Singh' and the leading lady is the seductive beauty Shruti Haasan. Now, the update is that Shruti's character has been named as Bhagyalakshmi. If one can recall, Pawan has got a link to that name.His last hit 'Jalsa' had the sexy hip beauty Ileana donning the name Bhagyamati and Pawan fondly calls her as 'Bhaagi'. Now, it appears that the same sentiment has been applied to 'Gabbar Singh'. The film is directed by Harish Shankar and already, there is a strong inside talk about the movie getting positive vibes. Let us hope even the name sentiment works in the power star's favour.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "the paintings of students attached to chamarajendra academy of visual arts (cava) have become a crowd-puller", "code": "12105088", "title": "History on canvas", "text": "The paintings of students attached to Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (Cava) have become a crowd-puller: they are attracting art enthusiasts from across the city. About 50 paintings by 19 students -- seven girls and 12 boys pursuing Bachelor of Fine Arts (II year foundation) -- is the result of their study tour to Bijapur, Badami, Aihole and Pattadakal.The exhibition at Cava Art Gallery will conclude on Saturday.In keeping with the places they visited, the exhibits depict mainly monuments and sculptures. Using water colour as the medium, the budding artists have beautifully painted sculptures, which comprise different avatars (incarnations) of Lord Vishnu and Nataraja. The paintings of Nataraja in different postures are in different colours, reflecting the different moods of Nataraja.The depiction of Meguti Temple and Bhoothanatha Temple of Badami and Virupaksha Temple in Pattadakal showcases the skills of artists/ sculptors during the Chalukya dynasty. Apart from paintings of monuments and sculptures, the ones on landscapes are also on display. The students had undergone theoretical study of Chalukya style of art ahead of their tour. The painting of Durga Temple resembling the Parliament is the highlight. Gururaj S Naik, Cava sculptor-instructor and in charge of study tour, told TOI that they annually conduct study tours to different places which provide them an exposure to various subjects.Student S M Bhavani Shankar said painting in calm outdoors gives them more freedom for creative pursuits. \"Also, working in distraction-free places enhance our skill, observation and colour sense,\" he added. Exhibition details:Venue--Cava Art Gallery; date and timings--everyday from 10am to 5pm till March 3.Vasundara Perfroming Arts Center will organize Bharathnatyam at Jaganmohan Palace on March 4 at 5.30pm. Dancer Sree Lakshmi will perform.The department of tourism, Government of Rajasthan, will conduct a three-day 'Rajasthan Calling', a festival of Rajasthani culture, dance, handicrafts and food, at Royal function hall, opposite to Arabic Collge in Siddique Nagar from March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105415", "title": "Heritage award for Hyderabad raises many eyebrows", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city of Charminar bagged the Union tourism ministry's first ever \"Best Heritage City\" award in New Delhi on Wednesday, drawing mixed reactions from historians and heritage activists in the city.The National Tourism Awards for 2010-2011 were given by the ministry of tourism in several categories. Besides the award for Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh also bagged the Best Rural Tourism Spot for Srikalahasthi and Best Airport for the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport.According to some heritage experts, cities like Delhi, Jaipur, Udaipur and Mysore were more deserving of the heritage award. Questioning the selection process, they wondered whether the current status of heritage in the city warrants such an honour.The tourism ministry officials in Delhi refused to give details about the number of entries received and the shortlisting process. They said that cities were judged on six parameters including facade control of heritage areas and cleanliness; efforts to preserve heritage with local participation; steps to promote awareness about tourism, moves for capacity building including training of guides and; existence of tourism police and security of visitors.A noted conservation architect requesting anonymity said that Hyderabad would not have fared adequately well on all fronts. \"When it comes to facade control and cleanliness, there is much to be done. Despite having a world class facility for training at National Institute and Hospitality Management, our staff are ill equipped to present Hyderabad appropriately,\" he said. He also added that infrastructure development and heritage conservation activities have taken place more extensively in cities like Delhi, where the municipality has played a greater role in heritage and tourism. He hinted that sufficient entries may not have come from other cities.Admitting that cities like Delhi have become synonymous with the term 'heritage city' in the country, city historian Mohammed Abdul Qaiyoom noted that Hyderabad deserved the honour. He said, \"Hyderabad has heritage that is a product of secular history woven over 500 years. The structures built and the culture existent reflects this. What Delhi is to the whole of India, Hyderabad is to South India. The city certainly deserves the award.\"When contacted, officials of state tourism department who have time and again drawn ire for not doing enough for city's heritage city, expressed delight over the outcome. Secretary, state tourism department, Chandana Khan said, \"Hyderabad was always known for its heritage. The selection was made on several factors including culture. The award will be of big help for our future plans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106160", "title": "Graveyard shift for these students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Majority students are closeted in air-conditioned rooms with their books preparing for their SSC and HSC board exam beginning March 5. Their mothers are sitting guard, supplying steady streams of tea, coffee and snacks, keeping a vigil that there is no disturbance as their wards prepare for the exams. In sharp contrast, there are 15-odd students who hang around their deceased ancestors in the graveyard in Sardarnagar. The students come here with books in search of tranquility which is rare in their homes, since a single room has to be shared by a dozen odd family members.Since the past two months, 'Bhadreshwar Na Aare' is the place where 15-odd boys from the Chhara community come and study for hours. Their graveyard shift is between 8 am to 12 pm and then again from 3 pm to 6 pm. All these students come from poor families where parents toil as daily wagers leaving behind three to four children. These students are the rare few who have decided to study hard to get out of poverty and hence are not scared to make the graveyard their home for a few months to prepare for their board exams.Vijay Chhara, a class XII (general) streamstudent, says that he has four brothers and sisters at home. \"They are all very young and do not understand that I need silence to concentrate. Hence I come to the graveyard to study daily. I am hoping to get good marks and aim to become a chartered accountant in the future\", says Vijay with dreams twinkling in his eyes.Saawan Chhara, another HSC (general) streamstudent says that the elder boys from his community have traditionally come to study in the graveyard and he does not find it bizarre to study amidst buried people. \"I am not scared of ghosts; this area has been a playing ground for us. Now we bar others from playing here as we study. This is the only place where we can find some peace,\" says Saawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109329", "title": "Common engineering exam for all?", "text": "The recent proposal to merge the IIT-JEE and AIEEE along with the inclusion of marks from the board examinations by the ministry of human resource development has come in for criticism from the academic community. While some educationists believe that the government should have focused on changing the delivery method of education rather than the testing pattern, others have lent conditional support to the proposal on the basis of how well it is implemented.At a recent press conference held in Kolkata on 'Change of assessing students in school, based on CCE and the current proposal of merging all National Engineering Exams- IIT-JEE and AIEEE with inclusion of Boards Exams. Is it a boon or a burden?' R L Trikha, director and HOD, distance education, FIITJEE Limited and CV Kalyan Kumar, director, FIITJEE Limited voiced their concerns. \"Instead of reforming the curriculum, teacher training methods and delivery of education, the government is changing the testing pattern. They could have based the selection process entirely on the board exams but did not as it cannot test analytical ability or differentiate between toppers and mediocre students,\" said Kumar.Shekhar Niyogi, education consultant, Education Unlimited Inc., welcomed the change as a 'huge load' off the student's shoulder. He commented, \"Standardisation of eligibility or entrance procedures across India would be the ultimate thing to achieve. However, there should be a seamless and transparent implementation with the norm unanimously endorsed by all colleges. Colleges must understand the ramifications of the process and adapt their intake criteria accordingly.\" Abhirup Sarkar, economist and professor at Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata observed that the IITs these days are not getting many bright students as they used to. \"The IIT-JEE is a test of eliminating people; it tests the memory of the candidate rather than intelligence. They might be eliminating potentially good students,\" cautioned Sarkar.Trikha noted that the merger will not lead to an increase in the number of seats. For the 4.75 lakh who appear for the IIT-JEE, roughly 10,000 are admitted to the IITs while there are total of 15-20,000 seats at the NIITs thus emphasising the need for creation of infrastructure. The one exam system would leave no back-up for the students and it would also be difficult to find common ground between the numerous state boards apart from CBSE and CISCE. \"The problem lies in the standardisation of the boards as all are not the same,\" said Sarkar.On the other hand, the proposed system would lead to a decline in the trend of prioritising entrance exams over school education in plus two with the inclusion of board exam marks. Trikha added, \"There will just be one exam to prepare for with three components- boards, aptitude test and advanced subject knowledge and students will be compelled to attend school.\" The change would also mean a reduction in the importance of coaching institutes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12108876", "title": "Extending power grid in Sundarbans risky: Experts", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal government's move to extend the national grid to the Sundarbans delta for electrifying villages has come in for criticism from environmentalists.\"The land is soft and setting up large and heavy transmission poles may lead to greater erosion, and change the tidal patterns when installed in rivers and creeks,\" S P Gon Chaudhuri, former director of West Bengal Green Energy Development Corporation Limited (WBGEDCL), told PTI.These transmission lines will also be vulnerable to cyclones that hit the region regularly, he said, adding the option of tapping renewable energy resources should be looked into.New Delhi-based research body Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) had noted in its recent report that \"In this inter-tidal deltaic and cyclone-prone region, it is difficult to extend and maintain electrical transmission and distribution (T&D;) lines from the mainland and islands due to the wide water channels\".The West Bengal government has planned to extend the grid-based electricity to the whole of Sundarbans, declared a world heritage site by UNESCO. About 1076 villages are supposed to be covered under this plan.The per capita consumption of electricity in the Sundarbans is less than 50 kwh/year, about 96 per cent of which is supplied through grid.Another problem with grid-based electricity is its irregularity and unpredictability, the report said, adding of the villages that receive power, 85 per cent face daily power cuts for four-nine hours.Revenues for electricity distributors are also low as a large number of households are in the BPL category, the settlements are dispersed and due to absence of commercial users of electricity, the CSE study observes.Not only does the quality of electric supply gets reduced in such circumstances, but the cost of distribution is also high.According to estimates by the Sundarbans Development Board in 2010, the demand for electricity in the region is expected to grow 10 to 20 fold between 2010 and 2020.The state-owned renewable energy agency WBGEDCL has estimated that an investment of Rs 1246.43 crore in transmission and distribution will be required for electrification in the area.The CSE report says a hybrid combination of different renewable energy sources including solar photovoltaic, biomass boiler turbine generators, bio diesel and biomass gasifiers, will electrify the delta at an approximate cost of Rs 2500 crore.The Sundarbans have a potential of generating 2250 MW of solar power and 450 MW of wind energy in the tidal mangroves.Renewable energy, say experts, might hold the key to the delta's power concerns.\"The costs will, in fact, be far cheaper compared to the grid generation and distribution combined,\" says Gon Chaudhuri. He suggests that the best way forward would be to look for hybrid solutions.\"The islands should have decentralised power from renewable sources, while the areas connected to the mainland should have grid connection,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105742", "title": "CBI raids premises of insurance companys bosses", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) conducted simultaneous raids in Lucknow and Gurgaon at the office premises of some top bosses of United India Insurance in connection with a fraud under the Vyapari Durghatna Beema Yojna ( VDBY) (an insurance cover exclusively for traders) in which the government was deprived of Rs 15 lakh revenue that was siphoned off as agent commission in a policy though there was no agent involved in the particular transaction.Though no arrest was reported following the raids which concluded on Thursday late night, the sleuths did seize some documents. The case dates back to 2008 when an insurance cover was assured to a client in Lucknow. Though the amount of cover assured was not known, sources said its premium was calculated as Rs 1.93 crore. The entire work for putting the policy in place and the entire documentation was done directly by the insured and the insurance company, some senior bosses routed the transaction through an insurance agent identified by the name of Bhuwan Chand.A few months later, it came to light that there was no insurance agent by the name of Bhuwan Chand registered or recognised by the particular insurance company in Lucknow ever. Thereafter, a complaint was lodged with the CBI. The CBI inquiry was complete, it was found that the allegations were true and a formal FIR was lodged by the CBI Lucknow division's anti-corruption department a couple of months ago. The raids were conducted in connection with the particular case only.The three locations raided by the CBI in Lucknow and one in Gurgaon were the residential and office premises of the four accused named in the FIR including the regional office of United India Insurance Company situated at Narahi in Hazratganj area of the state capital. The sleuths searched the records available at the office of the then senior regional manager (SRM), S K Agarwal, and at his residence at La Plas Colony, also in Hazratganj, apart from the residential premises of the then development officer (DO) P K Bose and the fake insurance agent, Bhuwan Chandra Tripathi. Both of them live in Risaldar Park area of the state capital in Hussainganj.Another team raided the residential premises of UITC's general manager Ashutosh Asthana in Gurgaon simultaneously. The CBI sources said that the government was deprived of Rs 15 lakh that was given away to the fake insurance agent and which otherwise would have added to the revenue generated from the insurance unit. CBI sources have not ruled out the possibilities of some arrests in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105664", "title": "In twilight years, this couple is on a mission", "text": "INDORE: At an age when most old persons limit themselves to the confines of four walls, this couple has set for itself quite a tough task-- sensitizing people against the obnoxious practice of dowry. The Mhow-based Sharad Kumar Shaligram, 79, and Kalpana, 77, have chosen paintings as a medium to get their point across about the harms of dowry. They displayed their exhibitions in Indore, Pune and Mhow. He and his wife have decided to dedicate the remaining days of his life for educating people on ill-effects of dowry.The lacklustre response from visitors, however, has left the couple somewhat disappointed. \"It's disappointing to know that people have become impervious to social evils like dowry,\" said Shaligram, a former irrigation contractor.The couple had recently displayed their paintings at the Kankeshwari Bhagwat Katha in Mhow, where the turnout of devotees for the religious function was not less than 30,000.\"The response to our 'Dahej Ek Abhishap' (dowry a curse) stall at the exhibition was frustrating,\" said Shaligram, adding that it reflected insensitivity on part of masses towards a serious cause.\"Our stall was just in front of the 'Netra Chikitsalaya,' where people had turned out in large numbers, but none had time to even look towards our stall,\" said the man now pushing 80. Even the district collector could not find time to visit our stall, he added.The couple doubts the seriousness of society to weed out social evils like dowry.\"I want to know whether we have accepted all wrong practices of the world,\" said Kalpana, wife of Shaligram, an alumnus of JJ School of Arts.Sharad said, \"Every day we read in newspapers a number of cases, wherein a young woman is either killed or being harassed for dowry,\" he said, adding our paintings highlight the social evil with the objective of checking the killings of women for dowry.The couple has three children with their son and a daughter and doing their bit to serve the society. The third daughter is running an NGO in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "noida/delhi", "code": "12104054", "title": "Banks get SC breather till March 12", "text": "NOIDA/DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday extended its stay on sealing of banks operating from residential areas. \"There will be no sealing of the banks by Noida Authority till March 12,\" a bench comprising Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana Prakash said while extending its earlier order of January 23.The bench, however, asked the chief managers of banks to file affidavits within a week giving details of the lease entered by the banks which are to be shifted to alternate sites. The bench made it clear that failure to file affidavits within the timeframe will lead to sealing of premises by the authority. The bench was hearing intervention applications filed by 19 banks.The apex court had earlier ruled that banks, hospitals and other commercial activities cannot be operate from plots in Noida developed for residential purposes and ordered 21 banks and nursing homes in Sector 19 to immediately close their operations.One of the applicants, State Bank of India, had asked for relief saying that though it had been allotted commercial plots by Noida Authority, but construction is likely to take time. \"SBI has 17 branches and two business offices for which we have successfully bid. But we need sufficient time to shift to new premises,\" said Ashok Kumar, regional manager, SBI .The other two sets of applications belonged to other banks, which sought relief on two different grounds. The banks had independently purchased plots in commercial areas, but construction will take time. Other banks that submitted their pleas included those which have not been successful in procuring any plots, but have made arrangements and are in the process of shifting to their new premises.The Authority meanwhile has decided that it's sealing drive - which was to resume from March 5 - against other \"illegal\" commercial establishments running from non-commercial areas, including residential, industrial and institutional will go ahead as per schedule.\"The relief from sealing has been granted to only those banks which will submit due affidavits and documents required to prove they are in the process of shifting,\" said Captain SK Dwivedi, CEO Noida Authority. \"All banks which are not covered by the Supreme Court order of March 1 and nursing homes will be sealed from March 5,\" Dwivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12105453", "title": "\u2018Restless\u2019 Posco blames Odisha govt for project delay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Posco on Thursday blamed the Odisha government for delay in lifting police restrictions on entering its steel project site in Jagatsinghpur and accentuated the need to resume infrastructure and other works at the earliest. For the first time since signing an MoU with the state government in June 2005 for setting up a 12 million tonne per annum (MTPA) unit near Paradip, the South Korean steel giant directly held the government responsible for the time overrun for its proposed steel plant, indicating its growing restlessness over goings-on. This followed police on Thursday asking the company to shift its venue for a seminar from its project site at Nuagaon to its office in Paradip.\"Posco-India would like to express its deep regrets that the police has not lifted the restriction on entering the site although we have requested several times since December 2011 to prepare for this seminar and also proceed with the land works such as removal of betel vines and cutting the trees, etc,\" a company release quoting Posco-India CMD Yong-Won Yoon said. The delay could lead to about 20% cost escalation for the project, initially estimated at $12 billion, he added.At the seminar, Yong requested the state government to start construction of the coastal road (stopped since violence led to a death in December) and lift restrictions on entering the site soon. He also expressed disappointment over important people related with the project such as chief minister Naveen Patnaik and chief secretary Bijay Patnaik not attending the seminar, which, he said, can be interpreted as a \"negative indicator for the project\".Despite blaiming the state government for the deay in the Posco project, the South Korean steel major said Odisha project is its priority.\"The project has been delayed by a multiplicity of factors beyond our control. We have waited with patience for over six years after the MOU was signed with the Odisha government. We are ready to wait further because the company is still prioritising the Odisha project,\" a news agency quoted Posco-India CMD Yong-Won Yoon as saying.According to Yong, though Posco prepared for the seminar at the Nuagaon project site office opened in December, the company had to unwillingly shift the venue to its HRD Centre at Paradip due to restrictions on entry to the site because of security concerns.\"Because the HRD Centre, inaugurated in 2010 for training employees, is located 13 km far from the site office, the attendees of the seminar were not able to see the current progress on the land,\" he rued. The company release said since October 2005, when it applied for land for the steel project, Posco acquired the environmental clearance (in Aug, 2007), the Supreme Court's approval for forest diversion (Aug, 2008), the central government's re-approval for building integrated steel plant (Jan, 2011) and the Centre's final approval for forest diversion (May, 2011).\"However, though the betel vine removal and tree cutting in the government land resumed since May 2011, land acquisition by state government has come to a halt due to the strong protest by the anti-project people,\" it added.Posco's reaction came days after the Odisha government said it had asked the company to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for its proposed captive port at Jatadhari near Paradip Port following the recommendations of the Punebased Central Water and Power Research Station (CWPRS).\"The state government will evaluate Posco-India's port DPR and ensure CWPRS suggestions are properly implemented,\" commerce and transport minister Sanjeev Sahoo had said in the Assembly.Earlier, CWPRS had prepared a study on the possible adverse impact of Posco's proposed port on the existing port at Paradip. At the seminar, attended by the commercial attache of Korean embassy, Yoon said the project would be implemented and explained the progress to equipment suppliers and construction companies. The company said once at least 2700 acre of land out of the total 4004 acre is handed over, it can start land preparation and begin the main construction in early 2013. It plans to operationalise the first phase of four MTPA steel facility in 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105366", "title": "AIDS control society may press delete on NGOs for dismal show", "text": "BHOPAL: A slew of non-government organisations (NGOs) working with AIDS patients are likely to go off the list of Madhya Pradesh State AIDS Control Society (MPSACS) for their poor performance. An alarming number of AIDS victims in the state went off the society radar after detection, raising the risk of infecting general population.In January alone, 617 were categorised as lost to follow-up (LFU) - AIDS victims enrolled for counselling and treatment but absconding or untraceable. The NGOs are chaffing over the delay in clearance of their dues by an agency in fairly good financial health. The MPSACS officials are unable to provide exact figure for their dues which sources said runs into lakhs.MPCAS project director Ashwini Rai said, \"Delay in dues payment is normal.\"Rai said, \"Non-performing NGO's would also be penalised financially.\" But with just one of the four NGOs working in Bhopal and similar instances across 34 districts, targeted intervention through NGOs is taking a backseat.The situation is alarming of late. In Bhopal, which rarely had AIDS cases owing to injectable drug use a decadse ago, two dozen new cases are being reported for the past couple of years now.\"The drop-out ratio of IDU's is about 60% and they risk infecting others,\" said sources anti-retroviral therapy (ART).The number of AIDS cases detected in Bhopal for 2011 was 461 according to the figures tabled by the health minister in the state assembly.The MPSACS is considering conducting a pilot project in Bhopal and Gwalior to gather details about AIDS patients through a bio-metrics. \"It is still being planned and the final outcome would be known in about a year,\" said director Ashwini Rai.Even as the MPSACS is trying to find ways to address rudimentary issues, the number of AIDS patients keeps on going up. Currently, the official figure of AIDS patients is 4,755.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105329", "title": "Uproar in House over land transfer scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday agreed to make a statement in the Assembly over the alleged irregularities in the transfer of government land worth Rs 2,000 crore under its jurisdiction to private parties by a process known as mutation.Noisy scenes were witnessed in the Assembly soon after speaker Nadendla Manohar disallowed an adjournment motion moved by TDP, which insisted for a discussion on gifting away of prime land to select individuals during the regime of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. Agitated members shouted slogans accusing the government of running away from debating an issue that resulted in a loss of thousands of crores to the public exchequer.With Telugu Desam members insisting on an immediate discussion on the subject, legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu urged the chair for a ruling on the frequent disruptions by TDP members.\"It is not right for TDP to insist either for a debate or a statement on a subject that has come to its notice couple of hours before the start of the Assembly. The government can not respond to each and every news item that appears in the media. We, however, are always ready for a debate. But, they have to give time for us to prepare a statement,\" he said. However, with TDP members refusing to resume their seats, the Assembly was adjourned for 15 minutes at 9.20 am. The House which reassembled at 9.54 am went on with its usual business of conducting the question hour and zero hour after the speaker informed opposition members that he would allow a special mention on the subject.During the special mention, opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu demanded the government to make a statement on the subject as their allegations against IAS officer Mittal had proved right. Responding to the opposition leader's demand, the legislative affairs minister said government would make a statement in the Assembly whenever the speaker allotted time to them. TDP members alleged that most of the irregularities took place between 2006 and 2010, when government was transferred to private individuals and institutions in a clandestine manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal/ indore", "code": "12105087", "title": "Assets worth Rs 15cr recovered from MP jailer", "text": "BHOPAL/ INDORE: The Special Establishment Police of Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta (Ombudsman) raided the residences of jail superintendent of Indore Central jail Purushottam Somkunwar in Bhopal and Indore on Thursday and recovered details large amount of cash and assets, disproportionate to his known source of income.Lokayukta SP Virendra Singh told ToI that, \"The present market value of the assets recovered was around Rs 15 crore, adding that they would have cost Somkunwar Rs 5 crore when it was purchased five-six years back\".A complaint against disproportionate assets by Somkunwar was received by the Lokayukta on the basis of which the anti-graft body raided his home in the Chuna Bhatti locality here at 6 am.Singh said the superintendent owns three houses, a hostel and four shops in the state capital. Documents with regards to 14 acre land at different places in Bhopal and Indore were also recovered during the raids. All these purchases have been made in last six years, he added.The Lokayukta team also found Rs 7.62 lakh in cash, three luxury cars and two two-wheelers from his possession apart from valuables worth Rs 33 lakh from his house in Bhopal and Rs 10.5 lakh in Indore bungalow.The jail superintendent also had deposits worth Rs 60 lakh in about a dozen banks in Bhopal and Indore and insurance policies worth Rs 8.5 lakh and jewelleries worth Rs 17.5 lakh.The jail superintendent has previously worked in places including Jhabua, Ujjain, Jagdalpur, Gwalior apart from Bhopal and Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "12105851", "title": "An elegy on the death of values", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: The play, 'Iniyum Marikkatha Nammal', was staged under the auspices of BEAME ( Bank Employees Art Movement Ernakulam) in association with Ernakulam Karayogam at TDM Hall on Wednesday.In this play, director P C Harish narrates the stories of three mothers. First one is the hapless mother of Soumya, who was mercilessly killed after being raped in a train last year, the second one is Jocasta,the mother of Oedipus, who was forced to spend 13 years as the wife of her own son, and the third one is Gandhari, perhaps the most cursed of all mothers in Mahabharatha. These mothers portray the plight of Mother Earth as described in Malayalam poet ONV Kurup's masterpiece 'Bhoomikkoru Charamageetham'. The tragic sagas of these mothers are presented against the backdrop of a withering tree, and take the audience into the realm of melancholy.Claiming himself to be one among the laymen who does not have any academic knowledge of theater, Harish prefaces his 'Theatre of Intimacy' as an experimental approach to amateur theatre by including the audience too as characters.The play opens with the haunting voice of poet ONV echoing in the theatre in the form of a recital of a few lines from his poem, Bhoomikkoru Charamageetham. Then enters thecentral character is portrayed by Ashita Ashraf.The centralized stage show had recitals from ONV's Uppu and Suryageetham.TRIPUNITHURA: P C Harish narrates the stories of three mothers -- one from the contemporary Kerala Society, the second from Greek epic Oedipus and the third from Mahabharatha - to portray the plight of Mother Earth as described in Malayalam poet ONV Kurup's masterpiece Bhoomikkoru Charamageetham.Claiming himself to be one among the laymen who does not have any academic knowledge of theater, Harish prefaces his 'Theatre of Intimacy' as an experimental approach to amateur theatre by including the audience too as characters.The play opens with the haunting voice of poet ONV echoing in the theatre in the form of a recital of a few lines from his poem, Bhoomikkoru Charamageetham. Then enters the central character portrayed by Ashita Ashraf.In the first scene, she is the hapless mother of Soumya, who was mercilessly killed after being raped in a train last year. A screaming mother asks the society why it had been reluctant to extend a helping hand to her hapless daughter. How can you substitute my beloved daughter with compensations and condolence, she asks.Jocasta, the mother of Oedipus, who was forced to spend 13 years as the wife of her own son, appears on stage then. She states that the earth is a much more horrible place than it was during her days. \"Oh Mother Earth, I don't have any sympathy for you. But I feel so ashamed that you have to remain a silent witness when your sons suck the blood and flesh from your breast, says Jocasta.The third woman in the play is Gandhari, perhaps the most cursed of all mothers in Mahabharatha. The plight of Mother Earth is compared to that of Gandhari, who weeps over the mischievous deeds of her sons which led to the total destruction of their kingdom.All these tragic sagas are presented against the backdrop of a withering tree, and take the audience into the realm of melancholy. The centralized stage show had recitals from ONV's Uppu and Suryageetham also, by Lakshmidas and Anunanda.The play was staged under the auspices of BEAME (Bank Employees Art Movement Ernakulam) in association with Ernakulam Karayogam at TDM Hall on Wednesday (Feb 29).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104067", "title": "No \u2018back door\u2019 entry for routed BMC politicians", "text": "MUMBAI: In an attempt to block back door entry of netas who suffered defeat in the recently concluded civic elections, the state government has introduced amendments in the qualification criteria for nominated corporators in municipal corporations.While previous norms permitted a former corporator, who served a minimum of five years, to become a nominated corporator, the new norms de-recognize this criterion. The state urban development (UD) department issued a government resolution (GR) regarding the change in the qualification criteria for nominated corporators earlier this week. The nominated corporator channel is often used by parties to give berths to former corporators who were not elected.The department has also attempted to reduce the exploitation of another channel commonly used by parties to bring in party men as nominated corporators. While previous norms allowed the office bearer of any NGO (whether registered or not) to gain entry as a nominated corporator, the new norms specify that the NGOs need to be registered under the Bombay Trusts Act, 1950, and that these must be engaged in social welfare activities in the area of the civic body.Provisions of nominating a medical practitioner, educationist, chartered or cost accountant, lawyer or engineer, all of whom must possess a minimum experience of five years, have been retained. Also retained was the provision of nominating a former civic commissioner (with two years' service) as a corporator.While the norms have been made applicable for all municipal corporations and councils in the state, they will have immense bearing in the case of the BMC, where a number of defeated former corporators are vying for a back door entry. The BMC has slots for five nominated corporators. Corporations have been asked to issue certificates validating their identity.The state on Thursday issued instructions to civic commissioner Subodh Kumar asking him to ensure that existing standing committee members do not take decisions involving financial and policy-level implications till a new body takes over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108785", "title": "Sameera overcomes hydrophobia", "text": "Sameera Reddy doesn't need a body double to do high octane action sequences. Says a source close to her, \"In Tezz, she did some white-water rafting and under-water stunts.Despite her fear of water, she went ahead and did the stunt herself. She not only performed all the stunts herself but also overcame her fear of water during the shoot.\" If it was that easy to get read of phobias, wouldn't psychiatrists use such techniques more often? Yawn!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105566", "title": "MP forbids cheerleaders at world hockey tourney matches", "text": "BHOPAL: Many might see them only as adrenaline-pushing eye candies in a stadium, but the MP government has ruled that cheerleader girls are a strict no-no, banishing their presence from the World Series Hockey (WSH) matches to be played in Bhopal.The government's sports department is convinced that cheerleader girls on show would go badly against the sanskriti (culture) of the state.The state sports department has even put in an explicit pre-condition to the WSH organisers that no cheerleaders will be allowed in to any of the matches at the Aishbagh stadium here, beginning March 9. Bhopal is to host eight matches of the series.State director of sports, Shailendra Shrivastava confirmed to TOI that his department has categorically written to the organisers that cheerleaders are forbidden.\"We received a letter from the WSH organisers seeking permission to allow cheerleaders to perform during the matches. The sports department has categorically stated that the stadium will be available only for holding the matches, and nothing else\" Shrivastva said.Asked why, Shrivastava said : \"The concept of cheerleaders is against the state's culture. We certainly can't allow any activity that goes against our own culture,\" he asserted.This, however, is nothing new to MP. For instance, state Industries minister Kailash Vijayavarghiya, who was then president of Indore Divisional Cricket Association (IDCA), used tribal dancers in place of cheerleaders to whip up excitement, when he organised a T20 cricket tournament in Indore a couple of years ago .WSH organisers, however, told TOI that bringing along their own cheerleaders was the lookout of the respective teams. \"It is up to the teams to bring their cheerleaders. We won't object if any team brings them. It is entirely their call\" a WSH organising committee member said, preferring not to be named.\" But so far no team has informed us that they intend to bring them,'' she added.Incidentally, Bhopal has a record of right wing vigilantes coming out against celebrations like the Valentine's day, claiming those are against Indian culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104771", "title": "BJP-Sena makes way for MNS as opposition party", "text": "PUNE: Saffron alliance partners the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena will register as separate parties and not as an alliance with the divisional commissioner, paving the way for Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) to stake claim as the opposition in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in the new general body.The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has emerged as the single largest party with 51 seats and will forge a post-poll alliance with the Congress which won 28 seats. Both will make up the majority figure of 77 seats.The saffron-RPI combine had a pre-poll alliance and won 43 seats - BJP won 26 seats, Shiv Sena 15 and Republican Party of India (RPI) 2. The MNS won 29 seats.\"We have decided so as even in Mumbai the BJP and Shiv Sena are separate parties,\" said BJP leader MLC Vinod Tawade told reporters on Thursday.Meanwhile, the BJP has decided to agitate against water cuts. \"Citizens should know where has the water from the dams been diverted to and why they are facing water cuts when dams were overflowing after the monsoon,\" Tawade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104754", "title": "NMC gets notice on garden extension", "text": "NASHIK: The civil court on Thursday issued a notice to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to file its say in the extension of Nehru Garden by Friday.The notice comes in the wake of a special civil suit filed for mandatory injunction on the construction of a wall on the road outside the garden, which is alleged to have violated the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act. The NMC had apparently planned to grow a lawn inside the area of the extended garden to get rid of the encroachments by hawkers.A JCB had begun digging up the area where the lawn was to be laid and former mayor Vinayak Pande also visited the spot on Tuesday, February 27.\"This is a sensitive area with a school, a library, banks and a petrol pump nearby. Rather than expanding the road they have made it narrower,\" said one of the 12 litigants, Arvind Ugale.Nagnath Gorwadkar, lawyer for the complainants told TOI, \"According to the MRTP Act, the NMC should have first published a notice calling for citizens' objections. A case for temporary injunction was filed on February 29. The court issued a notice to NMC to explain their side and kept the matter for hearing on Thursday, said Gorwadkar. It has been brought up in the court that the construction work was started due to the differences between Sena leader Sunil Bagul, to whom the stalls belong, and former mayor Vinayak Pande .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109622", "title": "Complacency is deplorable: Shruti Haasan", "text": "Shruti Haasan, who made her Tamil film debut with 7aam Arivu, has said that what everyone is aware of is that she got some great offers in the film industry because she happens to be Kamal Haasan's daughter.While this is true, Shruti says that being Kamal's daughter does not guarantee her success in the film industry. Shruti points out that as an actress she is required to give the desired output to sustain her position and complacency can bring her career to a brutal end.According to Shruti, when an actor or actress feels that they have achieved everything, then there is no room for development. Complacency can doom a person's career, she added.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12103910", "title": "At 13.4C, it\u2019s coldest March day in 44 years", "text": "MUMBAI: If you were ready for the onslaught of summer with the end of February, here comes a shocker: The city recorded its lowest minimum temperature in March on Thursday-it dipped to as low as 13.4 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz . It broke the all-time minimum record of 13.8 degrees Celsius on March 30, 1968. Even Colaba was three degrees colder than normal at 18.4.\"A western disturbance, which has just passed J&K;, has caused a drop in temperatures all over the north. This cold wave is being carried southwards by northerly winds,\" said Ajay Kumar from IMD, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12105242", "title": "Satluj Club polls: Taking a headstart", "text": "LUDHIANA: Overboard is nothing when it comes to wooing supporters and trying to win a spot as office bearer of the citya's elite Satluj Club and some like to start their campaigning even before the nominations have been filed.Rohit Puniani of BRS Nagar and his father-in-law J P Singh of Model Town, hosted a party for members of the club at a farmhouse in South City on Wednesday night in honour of Rohita's father Gulshan Kumar. At the party, Gulshan announced that he would contest for the post of vice-president of the club.Elections for the next governing council are expected to be held sometime in March but the dates are yet to be announced. The party on Wednesday night had the whoa's who of Ludhiana enjoying live music and ghazal performance.Announcing his candidature, Gulshan, a builder staying in BRS Nagar, said, \"I might be called an early bird but sometimes the early bird reaches a height that others can never think of. I am a familiar face in the city but through this party I wanted to tell them what I can do to improve the club and starting early will give me more time to convince people. Seeing the large gathering boosted my morale.\" Rohit said he believes that his father will win by a huge margin no matter who his opponent is. \"Dates for the election will be announced after the annual general body meeting but normally candidates are informed only 15 days ahead and sometimes that much time is not enough for campaigning,\" said J P Singh, who co-hosted the party.Civil Lines-resident Kewal Chabbra, an industrialist, said he attended the party to extend his support to Gulshan. Appreciating the party Gopi Kothari of Sarabha Nagar said it was a good idea because such interactions help make things clear.\"I enjoyed the evening a lot as some of my favourite numbers were performed,\" said Sandeep Jalota, who stays in Civil Lines. Paramjeet Singh of BRS Nagar said this election is a big affair because many industrialists of the city are members of the club. \"I joined the party not only to support Gulshan but also to lend any help needed,\" he said. Deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari, who is president of the club, said election date will be decided only after state election results are announced. \"We are close to knowing the Vidhan Sabha election result. After that we will have an annual general body meeting and then announce the date of Satluj Club election,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104583", "title": "JDA to prepare sector plan of 879 sq km before Mar 31", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will prepare a sector plan of 879 square kilometers for U1 area, which a part of the Master Plan 2025, before March 31 comprising most of the existing urban areas and used zones such as residential places including satellite towns and committed projects.The draft report will consist of the planning of areas that were earlier not included. \"The sector planning will be prepared before March 31, so that objections from the public can be invited,\" a JDA official said.During a meeting chaired by Jaipur Development Commissioner Kuldeep Ranka on Thursday, directions were also made to incorporate changes in the sector plan which may occur due to high tension lines and gas pipes among others. The total urban area of the region in the Master Plan 2025 is for the first time trifurcated into three categories, U1, U2, and U3.The officials concerned were also directed to conduct an internal audit and prepare data of all JDA schemes, so that the problem of allottees waiting for JDA plots can be resolved soon.\"After the exercise, the authority can have the exact data of the land owners in the JDA region whose leased money and resumption charges are pending,\" the official said. Though directions are made to compile the data of the owners whose land has been acquired by the authority, the compensation is however not provided till date.Further to avoid criticism this year from all sections, directions were also made to repair all roads under B and C category before monsoon. The JDA had categorised roads into three groups depending on the traffic. In category A, 21 major roads were to be repaired; while 163 roads were included in category B. Category C comprised 2,093 roads. Directions were also made to start constructing the sector roads in zones where there is 90% of government land.To earn revenue from JDA properties, status of such properties and which can be acquired were also reviewed during the meeting. In this regard, directions were given to the zone officials to compile a data of properties rented out by the authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12111763", "title": "Policeman injured as lawyers go on rampage in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE:A police constable was seriously injured as lawyers attacked the media contingent in the civil court premises here on Friday. Earlier, it was reported that constable Mahadevaiah attached to Viveknagar police station died in Bowing Hospital after sustaining injuries while controlling the unruly mob of lawyers.The journalists had assembled to cover former minister G Janardhana Reddy's court proceedings.Even as the tension escalated following the unruly behaviour of advocates, home minister R Ashoka led a team of officials including chief secretary S V Ranganath and DG&IG; Shankar M Badari to hold discussion with chief justice of Karnataka high court Vikaramajit Sen on the issue. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has issued a stern warning to advocates stating that no one would be spared for violating the law and order.\"I have directed chief secretary and DG&IG; to submit a detailed report by 6 pm,\" Gowda said.Turning the city civil court near Cauvery Bhavan, a km from Vidhana Soudha, into a virtual war zone, lawyers unleashed their anger on the media by attacking them with stones, flinging chairs from the first floor of the court and even using glass tumblers as missiles, when the journalists assembled to cover former minister G Janardhana Reddy's court proceedings.Several TV journalists were hurt in the attack with one sustaining head injuries. The cameras were smashed and OB vans stationed outside the court premises were also damaged by the lawyers. Security officials were also targeted following which the police lathi charged the belligerent advocates and fired tear gas in the court premises. The police have imposed section 144 in the central business district as more than 10 two-wheelers were set on fire and 15 cars damaged.Some of the advocates went to the first and third floor of the court and started flinging chairs and glass tumblers at the media. The provocation is said to be a hangover of the lawyer's ire at the media, after they went on a strike in January this year to protest against a skirmish by one of their colleague with the police who wanted to check the driving licence. The lawyers were furious as they felt the media had given a \"one-sided coverage of the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104737", "title": "When \u2018Paan Singh\u2019 was terrorised by local bandits", "text": "JAIPUR: The film unit of Paan Singh Tomar, comprising Irrfan Khan, had to lodge an FIR in Dholpur when actors had a close \"encounter\" with real life bandits. On the eve of the film's release, Padmashri winning actor, Khan, said during the two-month shooting schedule in Rajasthan, especially in the ravines of Dholpur, the film unit was scared many a times when they came face to face with real dacoits.\"I am playing the role of an athlete who becomes notorious bandit Paan Singh Tomar following adverse conditions. The unit needed arms convincing enough to portray real life-like situations. Thus, we hired a local arms supplier,\" Irrfan recalled. Since the crew was not convinced with the quality of guns supplied, they started scouting for other suppliers.\"Our idea of taking arms on rent from others irked the supplier. Since he was in touch with the local bandits, he threatened us with dire consequences and at least 50 people comprising some bandits gheroed us and opened fire,\" he added.\"In order to deal with the situation, we took the services of some local informers,\" he added. Apart from this instance, Irrfan said that shooting in the ravines was an adventurous experience, though it was a scary episode for others.\"Thankfully, our local informers and the police were of great help and navigated us to safer zones so that we could have a hasslefree schedule during the shooting,\" Irrfan said.He said at one incident, the crew of 30 people had to literally escape the wrath of the bandits.\"The experience was a complete thriller. We were once informed that the bandits were heading towards us during a shoot.\"We soon had to wind up operations and flee after we spotted some people chasing us,\" he said.\"The scared driver that day could have given any formula One expert a run for his money,\" he added.Irrfan added that despite all odds, the film was completed in two months between May, 2010 and June, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105357", "title": "Medical efforts not enough to fight malnutrition: Expert", "text": "BHOPAL: Nutritious diet expert of Department for International Development (DFID) Dr Steves Collin held talks with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday on efforts for an early solution to the problem of serious malnutrition at his residence, an official spokesperson said.The CM apprised him of several schemes like Atal Child Health and Nutrition Mission being run in the state for the uplift of the malnourished children. He instructed officers to hold separate detailed talks with DFID officials for eradication of malnutrition from the state.Dr Collin said only medical efforts are not enough, it is also necessary that seriously malnourished children get proper nutritious diet. For this purpose, awareness should be created among children's families and mothers. Throwing light on the action plan pertaining to nutritious diet, he said nutritious diet may be made available to the families of seriously malnourished children by getting it prepared through self-help groups.Principal Secretary, Woman and Child Development, BR Naidu; National Rural Health Mission Director DD Agrawal, DFID's nutrition consultant N Philphot, Chief Adviser Food Security Viraj Patnaik, senior Health Consultant Dr Rajesh Singh and other officers were present.DFID is extending technical and financial cooperation to the Woman and Child Development Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104857", "title": "Train driver injured in bomb blast", "text": "PATNA: Kosi Express driver R D Rai sustained splinter injuries on his leg when a countrymade bomb was exploded in front of a Hanuman temple near railway running room of Patna Junction close to road over bridge (ROB) at Mithapur under Jakkanpur police station on Thursday morning. Panic prevailed in the entire locality after the explosion.On getting information, the personnel of the Railway Protection Force ( RPF), Government Railway Police (GRP), Patna Junction, and the police team from Jakkanpur police station rushed to the spot and started investigation into the case.Rai, a native of Barauni, said that the explosion took place at around 6.45 am when he came out of the running room, meant for taking rest for train drivers, and was talking on his cellphone with his family members. \"I was talking to my family members with my head down, when I heard an explosion sound nearby and some splinters hit one of my legs,\" he said and added that he did not see the person who exploded the bomb. The injured train driver was immediately rushed to a local hospital and was discharged after first aid.SDPO (Sadar) Rashid Zaman said that someone lobbed the bomb from the ROB and escaped. He said that an FIR has been lodged with the Jakkanpur police station in this connection. Jakkanpur police station SHO Basgeet Ram said that an FIR has been lodged against unknown persons in this connection. Zaman said that the police found some threads and a piece of paper where the explosion took place. The police are trying to ascertain the identity of the person who threw the bomb, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103234", "title": "JNNURM committee visit postponed", "text": "NAGPUR: The visit of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission's ( JNNURM) three-member committee to investigate into the pilot project of 24X7 water supply project has been postponed.The committee, comprising JNNURM's under secretary Rajesh Kumar and two other officials were to arrive in the city on Friday and look into the project being implemented in Dharampeth Zone. The NMC officials received a fax from JNNURM's office in New Delhi on Thursday evening about the postponement. No new dates have been mentioned.Sources said the visit might have been postponed due to many happenings in the city on Thursday. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and other officials of NMC were to attend the meeting of district planning and development committee followed by a meeting with the team of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. Besides, the nomination forms for posts of the mayor and deputy mayor was to be filed on Thursday. Finally, the consultant of the project Dinesh Rathi was not available too.The demand for the investigating the project was made by AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar at the meeting of the 7th consultative committee on urban development held in New Delhi on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105730", "title": "Yet to receive previous yeara s money, says ISA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Independent Schools Association (ISA), Chandigarh, has been taking up the issue of unclaimed seats under RTE, but some schools in the city that have already filled all these seats. Some of these schools include Sacred Heart School, St John's School, Carmel Convent School, Delhi Public School and Bhavan Vidyalaya. However, the ISA is adamant on the fact that they will admit children only after the Chandigarh administration clears the status of reimbursement amount.H S Mamik, ISA president, said, \"Most of the schools which have filled the seats are Christian schools and Christian schools run on charitable funds. They do not expect government to pay them for teaching children as they are running for charity purpose only. But we do not have funds. We only earn money from children\"s fee.\"He added, \"Since 2010, we have been asking the department in writing and dialogue about the reimbursement amount for seats under RTE, but it has been two years and there is still no clarity on the subject. We are yet to receive previous year\"s money. So we have told the department that we will admit the children in the first two weeks of April as around that time government dispatches funds. And as soon as they give our funds we will admit the children. The education is free for children, not the government.\"Commenting on why the Christian schools get more applicants, Mamik said, \"These schools have been teaching children from economically weaker section for years. This is why the city people approach these schools for admissions.\"Regarding the reimbursement issue, the department had asked the schools to submit information regarding total number of RTE seats, applications received and seats lying vacant by February 15, but the schools are still in the process of compiling and submitting the data, which according to the department is a reason for delay decision on reimbursement amount.UT\"s district education officer Ram Kumar Sharma said, \"We will take the decision as soon as we get the information regarding total number of RTE seats from all the city schools as some of them are yet to send the information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105324", "title": "Bookings for summer special trains to open tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Southern Railway will run summer specials from Chennai to Mangalore, Goa, Sengottai, Tuticorin and other destinations in April, May and June. Reservation will begin on Saturday.Chennai Central-Mangalore Central special via Coimbatore (06001) will leave Chennai Central at 8.45pm on Wednesdays from April 11 to June 20. Mangalore Central-Chennai Central superfast weekly special (06002) will leave Mangalore Central at 7.20pm on Thursdays from April 12 to June 21.From April 15 to June 24, Chennai Central-Mangalore Central special via Coimbatore (06003) will leave Chennai Central at 5.40pm on Sundays. From April 16 to June 25, Mangalore Central-Chennai Central weekly special (06004) will leave Mangalore at 8.30pm on Mondays and arrive at Chennai Central at 12.30pm the next day.From April 9 to June 22, Chennai Central-Kollam superfast special (06005) will leave Chennai Central at 3.15pm on Mondays and Fridays and arrive in Kollam at 5.45am the next day. Kollam-Chennai Central special (06006) will leave Kollam at 11.30am on Tuesdays and Saturdays and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.45am next day.From April 6 to June 22, Chennai Central-Coimbatore special (06007) will leave Chennai Central at 8.45pm on Fridays and arrive in Coimbatore at 4.15am the next day. From April 9 to June 25, Coimbatore-Chennai Central superfast special (06008) will leave Coimbatore at 11.45pm on Mondays.From April 10 to June 26, Chennai Central-Tuticorin special (06013) will leave Chennai Central at 11.30pm on Tuesdays and arrive in Tuticorin at 12.15pm the next day. From April 11 to June 27, Tuticorin-Chennai Central superfast special (06014) will leave Tuticorin at 2pm on Wednesdays and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.30am next day.From April 2 to June 25, Chennai Central-Shoranur special (06017) via Coimbatore will leave Chennai Central at 8.45pm on Mondays. From April 3 to June 26, Shoranur-Chennai Central superfast special (06018) will leave Shoranur at 7.10pm on Tuesdays.From April 5 to June 21, Chennai Egmore-Tirunelveli special (06037) will leave Chennai Egmore at 8.20pm on Thursdays. From April 8 to June 24, Tirunelveli-Chennai Egmore special (06038) will leave Tirunelveli at 2.55pm on Sundays.From April 5 to June 28, Chennai Egmore-Tiruchchirappalli superfast special (06801) will leave Chennai Egmore at 10.45pm on Thursdays and arrive in Tiruchchirappalli at 6am on Friday.Chennai Egmore-Sengottai weekly special (06803) will leave Chennai Egmore at 6.50pm on Tuesdays from April 3 to June 26. Sengottai-Chennai Egmore special (06804) will leave Sengottai at 2.25pm on Wednesdays from April 4 to June 27 and arrive at Chennai Egmore at 4.15am the next day.Chennai Central-Madgaon (Goa) special (06011) will leave Chennai Central at 10.10am on Sundays from April 1 to May 27 and arrive in Madgaon at 10.30am the next day. Madgaon-Chennai Central special (06012) will leave Madgaon at 1.15pm on Mondays from April 2 to May 28 and arrive at Chennai Central at 11.55am the next day.Chennai Central-Tirunelveli special (06747) will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on Fridays from April 6 to June 29 and arrive in Tirunelveli at 12.15pm the next day.Chennai Egmore-Nagercoil weekly special (06301) will leave Chennai Egmore at 2.40pm on Mondays from April 2 to June 25 and arrive in Nagercoil at 5.30am the next day. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105394", "title": "'Common Man my inspiration'", "text": "BHOPAL: \"The iconic 'Common Man' created by eminent cartoonist RK Laxman is my inspiration,\" says Indian film actor and a television personality Shekhar Suman while on his visit to Bhopal on Thursday.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of his tour promoting his return to the small screen, he said, \"My inspiration is Laxman's Common Man. It is the spirit of being fearless, outright and above all honest.\"Reflecting on his stint in politics Suman said, \"I was emotionally drafted into politics. It was a mistake. , we all make mistakes.But it's over for good.\" Suman , who is ready to stand-up in a television show after a gap of 11 years,accepted that tolerance levels have changed, but he would stand up for free speech. \"I see myself as a filmmaker and actor and would continue to do so,\" said Suman, who plans to start filming 'Heartless' a film which would see him as director. \"It would be India's first medical thriller and is about a state called medical anesthesia in which a patient cannot move but is aware of surroundings,\" said Suman. trying his best not to give his plot away.Suman's son Adhyayan may feature in the film. The film would be picturised in Mumbai and South Arfica.\"I see myself shooting in Bhopal too. Hopefully in the near future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12106095", "title": "Maoist cadre surrenders in Ganjam district", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A day after the state government hiked payouts for surrendered Maoists, a rebel surrendered to Ganjam SP in Chhatrapur on Thursday. The 19-year-old Toffan Sahu, alias Akash, alias Bangara, claimed to be a close associate of the top associate of Sabyasachi Panda, the top leader of the left wing ultras.Toffan, who hailed from Gangapur village under Baragada police station in Ganjam district, said he decided to surrender to SP Rajesh Pandit after witnessing exploitation of Odia cadres in the state Maoist organization, which is being dominated by Chhattisgarh cadres.\"I am not interested in remaining in the organization anymore. Odia carders are being exploited by non-Odia rebels. I want to lead a discipline life henceforth,\" Toffan said. He told police several of his co-cadres were willing to snap ties with the organization because of the exploitation meted out by non-Odia cadres.\"According to him, there is a conflict between Odia and non-Odia cadres over leadership in the organization,\" the SP said. Toffan has provided the names of several militia members of Ghumusara Division of the CPI (Maoist), the SP added. Toffan, who joined the Maoist organization in 2009, was acting as a courier for the Maoists, supplying them rations and tiffins for the preparation of tiffin bombs.He was also closely associated with Sudarshan Mandal, one of the rebel leaders, who was arrested last year by Ganjam police. Sudarshan was known to be active in preparing landmines and operating rifles. He is the first ultra to surrender after the state government revised the surrender package for Maoists. Surrendering rebels are now to get a financial package of Rs 4.5 lakh from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "seoul, south korea", "code": "12105670", "title": "Post N-pact, N Korea envoy to visit US", "text": "SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA: In another sign of warming relations between two wartime foes, a senior North Korean nuclear negotiator will attend a security conference in the US, a person with knowledge of the negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang said on Thursday.Word of Ri Yong Ho's visit to the forum at Syracuse University , where he may also meet on the sidelines with US officials, comes on the heels of a breakthrough agreement that will provide much-needed US food aid to North Korea in exchange for a rollback of its nuclear programmes.The agreement announced on Wednesday sets in motion a plan laid out by North Korean leader Kim Jong-il before his death in December : to improve relations with the US and to get back to six-nation disarmament-foraid negotiations. Significant challenges remain, however, in achieving the long-term goal of the US and other nations : to persuade Pyongyang to end its nuclear ambitions altogether.First, diplomats need to iron out the tricky logistics of distributing, and monitoring, the 240,000 metric tonnes of US food aid earmarked for hungry North Korean children . They also need to work out a timeline for the return of UN nuclear inspectors tasked with verifying whether Pyongyang sticks to its promises. And while the deal paves the way for unprecedented exchanges with the US, North Korea still must confront the complicated matter of improving relations with rival South Korea, still smarting from two deadly incidents in 2010 that Seoul blames on Pyongyang.Still, there was cautious hope that North Korea's relations with the US and its allies have turned a corner after years of tensions. The agreement calls on Pyongang to suspend uranium enrichment and place a moratorium on nuclear and long-range missile tests. In a possible sign of things to come, Ri, North Korea's vice foreign minister and envoy to nuclear disarmament negotiations, has been cleared to travel to the US to attend the forum at Syracuse University, according to the person with knowledge of the arrangement.China, which hosted the US- North Korean talks that led to the latest deal and is the North Korea's only powerful backer, welcomed the agreement on Thursday and said it would work to restart the long-delayed six-party disarmament talks. \"China is willing to strive with all other concerned parties to continue advancing the six-party talks process, playing a constructive role in achieving the lasting peace and stability,\" foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105411", "title": "Campus recruitment drive for physically challenged", "text": "BHOPAL: With an objective to provide an opportunity to the physically challenged students, SV Polytechnic hosted a campus recruitment drive exclusively for them on Thursday. BPO outsourcing solutions company, Aegis, in association with Directorate General of Employment and Training of Government of India organised the campus recruitment drive.\"Under the scheme social responsibility towards society, the drive was organized to empower the talented disabled students by providing them training and job,\" said assistant director of Directorate General of Employment and Training, Narendra Kumar , adding it was for the first time that such drive was organized in the state capital.\"Government of India provides 90 per cent EPF to the employer who recruits physically challenged students in such drives,\" Kumar added.On being asked about the criteria of selecting the students for the job, Aegis officials said that they selected students with a good voice and able to work.\"Most of the participants selected were either polio affected or suffering from some other form of disabilities. But talent was common among them. They were all students with a good voice and passion to work hard. We will provide them training before they take up the actual job,\" assistant manager, human resources department of Aegis, S Raghunathan said.Raghunathan claimed that Aegis has a special policy of recruiting physically challenged candidates. \"Aegis has almost 1 per cent staff with some disability and all of them are working like normal employees,\" he said.When contacted, physically disabled participants hailed the idea of campus drive exclusively for them.\"This is a noble concept. I was in dire need of a job but most of the time my candidature was getting rejected owing to my disability. I am hoping to get a decent job ,\" a candidate of the campus drive, Krishna Sharma said. Hehad come from Hoshangabad.\"We had received registration of around 150 students from various parts of the state,\" principal of SV Polytechnic, Ashish Dongre said, adding students passed out from our polytechnic also participated in the drive. Similar drive will be organised in Jabalpur on March 27 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12105582", "title": "Paranthaa party over FB poke", "text": "LUDHIANA: An idea floated on a social networking site led to 40 Ludhianvis gathering at the iconic \"Pandit ke Paranthe\" in Old City to celebrate the leap year over a midnight snack. Savouring hot paranthas, served with dollops of butter, pickle and curd, the youths marvelled at the usefulness of social networking.The brains behind the parantha party were Harjinder Singh of Gurdev Nagar and Sargodha Colony-resident Raman Singh, who used the 'I Love Ludhiana' page on Facebook to invite people. The group gathered at Sarabha Nagar market and then went together to the parantha joint, where they first cut a cake and then called their orders out.While others eating at the place watched the group curiously, owner of the joint joined the celebrations. \"The event was an experiment to explore the possibilities of how the page can be used in future to connect and get people together for opportunities to contribute to Ludhiana,\" said Harjinder, administrator of 'I Love Ludhiana'. The idea was an obvious hit.\"Accepting a Facebook invitation for \"paranthas\" at midnight seemed exciting and I confirmed instantaneously,\" said Harjit Singh Sunny, a fitness trainer staying in New Model Town. Ghumar Mandi-resident Preet Singh said he had a gala time with friends and the paranthas were delectable. \"The memories of this leap year is for keeps,\" he added.\"Who does not know \"Pandit ke Paranthe\"? I have been going there since I was kid but on Wednesday it was different because the party was planned on Facebook,\" said Kamal Kavi of Civil Lines. BRS Nagar-resident Gursimran Singh said also said he immediately responded to the invite on Facebook .\"I was sure it would be a lot of fun and I was not disappointed at all,\" he added. Co-admin of the page, Raman Singh said the trend of young Ludhianvis using social networking sites for fun activities is growing by the day. \"We have bigger plans for Ludhiana and intend to organize area-specific events to clean Ludhiana using social networking,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12106523", "title": "EC orders re-polling at two booths in Ghaziabad, 1 in Ballia", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission on Thursday ordered that re-polling be done at two polling stations in Modinagar assembly constituency of Ghaziabad and at one polling booth in Ballia's Rasara constituency.Polling at the affected stations will be conducted on March 3. On March 3 only, 10 districts, including Moradabad, Bareilly, Pilibhit and Lakhimpur will also go to polls in the last phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh.Though the reasons for ordering re-polling were not cited, the Election Commission on Thursday said that polling will be conducted at the three polling stations as usual between 7 am and 5 pm on March 3.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12105693", "title": "Corporation staff oppose illegal promotion bid", "text": "TRICHY: In a bid to end the promotion of a staff in violation of corporation rules, a group of employees of the Trichy corporation submitted a petition to the mayor demanding that she abide by rules for promotion considering their seniority and not be pressured by influence.An undated petition drafted by eleven officers in the rank of assistant revenue officer (ARO) of Trichy corporation pointed out unfair treatment being followed by the corporation in promoting S Padmanaban, a reporter in the corporation office, as superintendent for a zone. However, sources said they submitted the petition to the mayor on February 27, 2012.According to their petition, the corporation had appointed Padmanaban as reporter for the Trichy corporation in 2009 relaxing corporation service rules, 1996. Later, the corporation gave him two additional charges. Since then, he was holding two posts, that of personal clerk to the corporation commissioner and ARO in-charge of the Golden rock zone of the corporation.Meanwhile, Padmanaban had applied for promotion for a post in the rank of superintendent. However, it triggered strong opposition among other corporation officials and they opposed the move firmly citing corporation service rules 1996. So, the then corporation commissioner and the mayor put an end to the issue by rejecting the application.But the issue once again surfaced when Padmanaban made a move to get promoted as the post of superintendent was lying vacant following a promotion to previous staff. Reacting firmly to the issue, the corporation officials opposed the move stating that such a promotion not in the seniority list will affect their chances of getting promoted in accordance with seniority in service.At this juncture, another petition filed by an assistant (accountant) S Sirajudeen to the corporation commissioner K Veera Raghava Rao further added to controversy. On February 28, 2012, he submitted a petition complaining about the promotion to a reporter as superintendent in contravention of rules. He also attached a copy of the seniority list dated June 20, 2011, issued by the then corporation commissioner TT Balasamy for the year 2011-12. As per the seniority list, Sirajudeen awaited promotion. So, he appealed to the commissioner to consider his seniority for the post of superintendent lying vacant.R Hema, 44th ward councillor of the Congress party, told TOI that the appointment committee comprising mayor A Jaya, corporation commissioner Rao and S Jerald Milton, 25th ward councillor of the AIADMK, reportedly signed an undated promotion order violating the rules to promote Padmanaban as superintendent.Repeated attempts to contact mayor Jaya went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104660", "title": "Top cop told to give action plan on loudspeakers", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen has given a week's time to the Bangalore police commissioner to explain what action his department has initiated against illegal use of loudspeakers at religious places in the city. \"If the same is not given, we will have to call the commissioner,\" the bench said.\"Your job is to uphold the law regardless of what be the reason. It is like this analogy: I have the right to swing my arm. But it stops when your face comes in the way. When you can take action, why do you want a complaint to be filed?\" the bench asked and told the authorities to take action in an impartial manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12105623", "title": "Ratlam official trapped for Rs 30,000 graft", "text": "The Lokayukta police in Ujjain caught a district planning officer posted in Ratlam red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 30,000, in his office here on Thursday.SP Lokayukta, Arun Mishra said that TY Paregi was caught taking a bribe of Rs 30,000 for releasing fund for development works.On the complaint of one Pappu Baurasi, the Lokayukta team laid a trap and caught Paregi red-handed in his office in Ratlam.According to Mishra, Pappu Baurasi runs a Chapauta Shiksha Prasar Samiti and was supposed to get government fund of Rs 4.15 lakh. This was the second instalment, said Mishra adding that the accused was asking Rs 50,000 to release the fund.Pappu Baurasi lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta in which the special police laid a trap to nab the accused.According to the plan, Pappu reached the office of TY Paregi in the afternoon and handed him over Rs 30,000 as a part of Rs 50,000, he was asking to release the fund, said Mishra.Subsequent to it, eight officials of the team caught him red handed in his office. Lokayukta police booked the accused officer under section 7, 13 1 D, 13 2 of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108294", "title": "A show with a twist", "text": "Charity begins at home or precaution is better than cure are phrases we have grown up with. In this age of complexities in our lives, be it surviving in a healthy society to safeguarding our near and dear ones the phrase that we should both practice and preach for the well being of the human race is.Breaking away from just telling a story about how &amp; where crime happens \"\"FIR BENGAL\"\" directed by Somik Chattopadhyay, John Halder and Tathagato Bannerjee takes us a step further by leading you into an area of asking ...knowing and preparing oneself so that unpleasantness that goes way beyond control may be avoided. The entire objective behind the show is to inculcate the habit of beingconscious of the society we are living in and grow up to be responsible citizens, who can play their own bit of being alert and spreading the message of awareness.\"\"As of now the production house has churned out meaningful entertainment for every household. We conceived FIR BENGAL with two things in mind. Fictionalizing stories that have happened in reality and opening up an avenue where awareness could be raised amongst viewers in becoming careful &amp; responsible citizens,\"\" said Mahendra Soni from Shree Venkatesh Films.Each episode will have three main people- the victim, the police (who will catch the accused or will shortlist the accused) and then the accused. In the first part, the crime will be reconstructed from the victim's point of view. And in the second part, the crime will be shown from the law keeper's point of view or from the investigator's point of view. In the third part, the crime will be shown from the accused point of view. And finally the anchor will close the story .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12109992", "title": "Number of tigers increasing in Assam: Minister", "text": "GUWAHATI: The number of tigers in Assam is increasing and it may become the highest in the country in future, state forest minister Rockybul Hussain told the assembly on Friday.\"Going by pug marks and remote camera sensing device reports, there are indications that tiger population in Kaizranga and other wildlife sanctuaries is on the rise,\" Hussain said.The forest minister said that wildlife conservation efforts had borne fruit and despite incidents of poaching, the number of endangered species including one-horn rhinoceros was rising in Kaziranga.\"We have enhanced the ration wages of forest guards living in the remote beat offices inside wildlife sanctuaries and provided them latest weapons to combat poachers and protect the animals\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12106338", "title": "Bank promises best services in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Tarlochan Singh, zonal manager of Bank of India's Ranchi zone, has promised the district administration best banking services and support fright from operating a single account to government's schemes on financial inclusion for the welfare of the needy people in Lohardaga.On day one of his two-day business review visit to Lohardaga he visited some selected branches out of the total nine in the district and met deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar and SP, Jitendra Kumar Singh in separate meetings at their offices. 'We have promised the DC our best services to uplift economic conditions of needy resident s of Lohardaga particularly women SHGs by linking them through various government programmes on financial inclusion, said Singh.The zonal head said,\" We are extending our services to reach even remote areas to benefit people at their places. These people often remain cut off due to the poor infrastructure including roads. During this financial year we have opened 10 new branches, including one in Peshrar, the most difficult area in Lohardaga's western hilly parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104715", "title": "Cash-for-vote case: Court rejects abduction charge against Amar Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh , a Delhi court on Thursday dismissed a plea seeking registration of a criminal case against him and two others for allegedly kidnapping a key witness of the 2008 cash-for-vote scam case.Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) Neena Krishna Bansal rejected the revision petition of Hashmat Ali, a key witness in the cash-for-vote case, saying the evidence suggested that prima facie no case is made out against Singh, a former general secretary of the Samajwadi Party .The court had earlier reserved its order on the petition of Ali challenging the trial court's December 12 order saying the magistrate had committed \"legal error\" by dismissing his plea as offences were made out against Singh, his secretary Tarun and aide Ramesh.Ali, in his complaint, alleged that Tarun and Ramesh kidnapped him from Khan Market here on September 25, 2008 - the day when he was to depose before a parliamentary inquiry panel probing the case.Ali had challenged the trial court's order, saying the magistrate \"ignored\" the material placed on record by him and proceeded on the basis of the \"unfair inquiry\" conducted by the Delhi Police.Ali alleged the magistrate \"wrongly appreciated the status report of police ignoring the complaint which clearly indicated that cognisable offence is committed by accused.\"In his petition, he had claimed that he was illegally confined at Singh;s house where the Rajya Sabha MP allegedly slapped and also threatened him to change his statement given to the police in the cash-for-vote scam case. The magistrate had earlier dismissed his plea, saying there was no ground for giving direction to police for registration of FIR.Ali had claimed he was one of the eye-witnesses to the payments made to the BJP MPs in July, 2008, allegedly by Singh.The police, however, in its status report filed before the magistrate had said that Ali's complaint should be dismissed as it has no merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105219", "title": "Realtor\u2019s Big Bazaar building has no OC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Controversies have always dogged projects undertaken by builder GS Gupta in the city be it Big Bazaar (Hyderabad Bottling Company Ltd), Urban Entertainment Centre proposed on the premises of old Gandhi Medical College in Basheerbagh or Hyderabad Central Mall in Punjagutta.The multi-storied building which now houses Big Bazaar in Ameerpet does not have an occupancy certificate, while the Urban Entertainment Centre's building permission was denied as it was not as per building rules.The Ameerpet multi-storied shopping complex with multiplex constructed by GSG Builders Pvt Ltd has been running business without occupancy certificate from the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) for the past few years.GHMC officers recall that the building construction started without even making an application to the corporation in 2003. Later, Gupta got licence from the Hyderabad police commissioner under the AP Cinema Regulations. The building application was then forwarded for two cellars, lower ground floor for parking, upper ground floors, 1st and 2nd floor for shopping showrooms, 3rd floor for food court, entertainment centre and restaurant and the 4th floor for four multiplex screens. The building permission was initially rejected as they applied without taking No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the fire services department.The builder managed to get fire NOC with his influence in the government and a GO was issued in November 2005 paving a way for fire NOC and building permission on the pretext that the builder had surrendered 1,749 square metres land for road widening free of cost on the main road for link road to Srinagar Colony road. The GO had put some conditions like providing extra staircases and state-of-the-art equipment for fire-fighting for releasing the fire NOC. Similarly, the illegal constructions and deviations were adjusted with transferrable development rights (TDR) by purchasing from others. The TDR was issued to parties affected in road widening, which can be used anywhere in the city to get an additional built up area. These TDR can be sold to others too.With regard to permission for Urban Entertainment Centre (UEC) proposed on the premises of old Gandhi Medical College in Basheerbagh, permission was denied by the corporation as the developer GSG Constructions Pvt Ltd did not submit plans as per rules. The UEC, proposed on 5.6 acre land of GMC, was given to a consortium led by Pantaloon Retail (India) Ltd by the Tourism department. The mega mall was proposed with a retail shopping mall, a multi-purpose convention centre, food court, multiplex, gaming zone and craft bazaar. The project developer GSG Constructions Pvt Ltd asked permission for four basements, five floors for commercial purpose and two floors for multiplexes. They had proposed 76,383 sq metres of built up area in the shopping mall-cum-multiplex.The corporation had asked the builder to comply with certain conditions as two heritage buildings_ principal's room (City Improvement Building) and Lady Hyderi Club building__were located on the GMC campus. Apart from revising building plans, the developer was asked to get approval of the Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) of HMDA and get Environmental Clearance certificate for giving permission to the mall.\"We had asked the developer to revise the building plan as hotel with multiplex was planned in the same mall which cannot be considered for releasing the permission,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Planning) K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI.Sweety Builders Pvt Ltd, owned by GS Gupta, constructed the multi-storied building now housing Hyderabad Central with violations with regard to setbacks and five screens instead of the permitted three. Though the fire services department opposed final NOC to the mall, the developer managed to get fire NOC with the intervention of some ministers and officials.The promoter was asked to fulfill certain conditions like additional staircase, removal of office room on terrace and generator shed on the rear side of the mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096190", "title": "Shazahn Padamsee is dating a Kapoor", "text": "She's managed to keep her love life under wraps for a long time, but now TOI has chanced upon photos of Shazahn Padamsee at a recent art fair, holding hands with someone who looks like he's more than just a good friend.A close friend of the actress reveals the man in her life is Vinod Khanna's nephew, Akhil Kapoor.Says the source, \"Shazahn and Akhil have been seeing each other for a while now. However, she's very guarded about her personal life and doesn't like talking about him. They met at a common friend's party and hit it off instantly.\"Akhil, who is an aspiring actor, will be seen in Lovely Singh's film Tutak Tootak Tutiyan, opposite Govinda's daughter Narmada Ahuja.When contacted, Shazahn refused to comment on her relationship with Akhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12105194", "title": "\u2018Prevent illegal agents recruiting workers to Malaysia\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: Former Malaysian finance minister and deputy Prime Minister Anwar bin Ibrahim urged the governments of India and Malaysia to take necessary steps to prevent illegal agents recruiting people from India.Addressing mediapersons on a private visit to Mangalore on Thursday, Anwar, who is the leader of the opposition of Malaysian Parliament, said that Indians were being forced to work in Malaysia for lesser pay than they were offered at the time of recruitment. He was referring to Malaysian Prime Minister Mohd Najib Tun Razak's recent statement that nearly 40,000 Indian nationals have gone 'missing' in Malaysia after the expiry of their tourist visas.\"It is not the question of legitimacy or illegality of the stay of Indians in Malaysia. The government should treat those Indian workers as dignified human beings. It is a fact that Malaysian companies and the government make them work for only half of the salary offered at the time of recruitment. Malaysian government should consider this fact and also look into the basic facilities provided to them,\" he said.Anwar questioned Malaysian government for the manner in which Indian families, who reside in Malaysia without visas, were treated. \"Why do they punish only poor even when there are corrupt among rich too. Let the government solve the issue in a transparent manner. Let the government send those Indians back, if they are not required there,\" he suggested.It was because of the corrupt agencies, who recruit manpower in India and Malaysia, the situation has been created in Malaysia, Anwar said. \"There are corrupt agencies in India too. They offer attractive salary, collect huge amount and recruit people from India. Only after reaching Malaysia people realize the reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12109799", "title": "Jaimini Bhagwati assumes office as Indian high commissioner to UK", "text": "LONDON: Dr Jaimini Bhagwati, a noted economist and veteran diplomat, has assumed office as the high commissioner of India to the United Kingdom .He took charge on February 27 and was warmly welcomed in the India House in a formal function on February 28.Bhagwati is a member of the 1976 batch of the Indian Foreign Service. He holds doctorate in finance and a masters in physics.He brings with him rich experience having served inter alia as the Indian ambassador to EU, Belgium and Luxembourg, in the ministry of external affairs in various senior positions, in the ministry of finance and also the World Bank.He succeeded Nalin Surie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103479", "title": "HUDA begins sealing of tubewells in DLF area", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has embarked on a drive to seal illegal tubewells in the DLF area. Reportedly, the sealing is being carried out because the water from the tubewells being run without permission is being used for construction work in the area. HUDA has also warned tubewell operators of strict action if they try to break the seal.The drive has been carried out after surveying the DLF area, and till Thursday, more than 20 tubewells in the area had been sealed by the authority. These include six tubewells in DLF I, eight in DLF II, five in DLF III and one each in DLF IV and V. Reportedly, none of these tubewells are legal. A five-member team, consisting of an SDE from each of the phases, has been constituted by HUDA for the sealing drive, and builders in the area are also lending a helping hand to the authority.HUDA had recently submitted an affidavit before Punjab and Haryana high court stating that 1.80 million gallons of water is being supplied to the DLF area every day. The letter said that in view of the population of the area, a supply of 1.20 million gallons is enough, which means that the supply of the remaining .60 million gallons of water is extra.The high court then directed HUDA to stop the supply of extra water to DLF and asked it to seal the tubewells so as to avoid water wastage. The deputy commissioner had apprised the HUDA administrator of the matter on February 17, and requested him to stop water wastage in the area.HUDA engineers, however, say the tubewells are being sealed less because of the high court directive and more because the tubewell water was being used for construction and industrial purposes. A HUDA engineer said, \"We don't know if any legal tubewells are being sealed in the area. We will do what the administrator asks us to do.\"Sources say there are over 500 tubewells in the DLF area, which are running without the requisite permission. A source in HUDA said the sealing drive would continue in the area. Deputy commissioner P C Meena has asked HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar to submit a report in this regard, which will later be handed over to Punjab and Haryana high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104590", "title": "ARI isolates 21 additional marker compounds from medicinal plants", "text": "PUNE: City-based Agharkar Research Institute (ARI) has isolated 21 additional marker compounds from important Indian medicinal plants this year, apart from characterizing them and documenting their utility, taking standardization of herbal drugs a step further. The scientists have also done the botanical and chemical characterization of 11 Indian medicinal plants. The work will help manufacturers of herbal drugs detect adulteration in raw material and standardize their products. Marker compounds are chemical constituents within herbal medicines that can be used to verify their potency or identity.Last year, the researchers at the ARI had isolated important marker compounds from 30 Indian medicinal plants. Standardization of herbal drugs is necessary for keeping quality control and also for the regulatory authorities. Moreover, the main objection on ayurvedic drugs was its 'lack of standardization'. In order to address these issues, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) initiated research projects at different centres in India, including ARI.The recent work therefore has led to the publication of two volumes - 'Generation of Phytochemical Reference Standards of Selected Indian Medicinal Plants, Volume 2' and 'Quality Standards of Indian Medicinal Plants, Volume 10' - by the ICMR. This work will be useful to researchers, students, pharmaceutical industries as well as the testing and quality assurance authorities, said Dattatraya Naik, principal investigator of the project.\"Under the project Quality Standards of Indian Medicinal Plants, botanical and chemical characterization of about 400 plants has been done by the ICMR so far. The volume 10, containing 35 such monographs was recently published. Of these, 11 monographs have been prepared by researchers at ARI,\" said Naik.\"These monographs are prepared by isolating the marker compounds from 21 important medicinal plants, some of which are Centella (Brahmi), Achyranthes (Aghada), Indigofera (Nil), Minusops (Bakul), Cissampelos (Patha), Celastrus (Malkanguni), Valeriana (Jatamasi), Tabernaemontana (Tagar),\" said Naik.Team members included researchers Anuradha Upadhye, Harshada Vaidya-Kannur, Anagha Rajopadhye, Tejas Namjoshi, Manasi Dixit and Anup Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12106191", "title": "Miri Piri medical college issue rocks Haryana assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Non-issuance of a no-objection certificate to Miri Piri Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Shahabad-Markanda town of Kurukshetra district rocked the Haryana assembly on Thursday.The issue was raised by Indian National Lok Dal legislator, Ashok Arora, even as a Congress MLA, Anil Dhantori, was speaking in the assembly. Arora alleged that the state government is not issuing the NOC to the institute. However, parliamentary affairs minister, Randeep Singh Surjewala, said that its does not belong to Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) but a trust comprising members like Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal and his deputy chief minister-son Sukhbir Singh Badal . \"The money of Sikhs from Punjab and Haryana should not be used by such a trust,\" he added.Former chief minister Om Parkash Chautala took strong exception to Surjewala's comments. \"It is being constructed under the banner of SGPC,\" Chautala claimed. While state finance minister Harmohinder Singh Chatha said that the entire community should not be dragged into the matter, another Congress MLA, Sumita Singh, said that SGPC does not cover entire Sikh community of the country as there are more committees of the community, like the one in Delhi.Whitleblower issue:Raising the issue of whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi, former chief parliamentary secretary and INLD MLA, Rampal Majra, said in the assembly that recommendations of the CBI and CVC for a probe by the premier agency into irregularities in the state forest department, exposed by the whistleblower, were put in the cold storage. Majra also raised the issue of herbal parks as a CAG report had recently revealed that ten of them were developed without approval from Centre. However, forest minister Ajay Singh Yadav said that the herbal parks were developed as per norms.Nuke plant opposed:The main opposition party, Indian National Lok Dal, has opposed the proposed nuclear power plant near Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district. Party MLA, Rampal Majra, quoted a statement of an expert that it may invite cancer in nearby areas. Terming the apprehensions as baseless, power minister Ajay Singh Yadav said that the opposition is trying to misguide people of the state despite the fact that 80% of the farmers concerned have given their consent for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104089", "title": "Sketch of baby abductor released", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police have released a sketch of the woman they believe kidnapped a seven-month-old baby boy from Cama and Albless Hospital on Wednesday.The police have also taken the statements of the baby's mother, seven hospital staffers and three eyewitnesses who saw the woman leave with the infant. Investigating officer PSI S G Naik said that they have distributed the sketch to police stations across the city and are confident that they would find the woman soon. The crime branch has also been roped in to conduct a parallel inquiry in the matter.\"We have formed six teams from our police station, which have been dispatched to various locations in south Mumbai. We are going through CCTV footage of trains as well. We suspect the accused could have headed to the suburbs to avoid being caught,\" said Naik. The police are also questioning hawkers who sell items in trains.Police sources said that the hospital management and staff were being less than cooperative. Since the baby's mother, Durga Kale, handed over her baby to the accused herself, the management is allegedly trying to wash their hands of the entire episode. \"There is no CCTV footage in the hospital that we can check. Even the nurses and the on-duty doctor are not helping us. This has made the investigation difficult,\" said an officer.Seven-month-old Vishwanathan Kale was kidnapped by an unidentified woman in her early 40s. His mother had taken him to the hospital to get him treatment for a rash when the kidnapped befriended her. When Durga went to get some forms, she handed Vishwanathan over to the accused, who fled with the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109455", "title": "Summer schools", "text": "Two summer schools will be held to help students understand the politics of the development work. Aaditi Isaac reportsThe Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) will be holding two summer schools, where two courses - agenda for survival (June 1 to 30) and challenge of the balance ( international school, August 1 to 30) will be taught to students about to enter college or for those students about to begin their PhDs.The areas covered include environmental governance; poverty and the biomass economy; ecological rights and natural resource management, amongst others. A special focus of the course is on climate change politics. The month-long course work adopts a mix of learning approaches from classroom lectures and seminars to local field excursions and group project work. \"A highlight of this course is the opportunity for participants to closely interact with rural communities during a week-long field visit. During the field trip, students explore the efforts of local communities. As course assignment students produce a magazine that they write, edit, design, layout entirely on their own,\" informs Batra.The course faculty includes eminent academicians, noted activists and policymakers. \"External faculty like Kanchi Kohli (member National Green Tribunal, academician, activist and member, Kalpvriksh), Ritwik Dutta (environment lawyer), etc, besides CSE's internal faculty will be taking classes,\" he says.Both programmes have 25 seats each. \"We look for the candidate's interest in studies, volunteer work undertaken. The shortlisted candidates undergo a telephonic interview. We judge them on answers to questions like how this month long course will benefit them during their college course work / present job; if they are already working what changes (if any) they would like to bring about, etc. A basic understanding of English is required as all lectures are in English,\" says Batra.Students need to send in their CV for shortlisting. Last date of acceptance of CV is April 21 for Agenda for survival. The last date for Challenge of the balance is April 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12106369", "title": "35K students appear for board exams", "text": "RANCHI: Over 35,000 students appeared for Class X and XII CBSE examinations which began on Thursday at 75 centres across the state.From 32 schools in Ranchi, which have opted for the CBSE board, 750 students are appearing for Class X examination and 950 for Class XII, at seven centres. The first paper for Class X was painting, for which there were no takers in Ranchi and for Class XII it was English. Principal of DAV Bariatu SK Sinha said, \"The examinations were held peacefully. Out of 720 students, who were to appear for Class XII examination at our centre, 12 were absent on the first day.\" Maximum number of students is appearing from DAV group of schools across the state. Zonal director of DAV group L R Saini said, \"Over 9,000 students will be appearing for Class X and 15,000 for Class XII examination in the state only from DAV group of schools.\"Rahul, a science student who took his English paper on Thursday, said, \"Language paper was easy. I performed well and pray that I can do the same in others papers also.\" Class X examination will conclude on March 26 and Class XII exams will be over on April 16. Exams for both the classes are held from 10:30 am to 1:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108326", "title": "Boman Irani's toughest scene", "text": "My toughest scene would have to be in Raj Kumar Hirani's 3 Idiots . It was a scene where I give my precious pen away to Aamir (Khan).Why was it tough? My egoistic and opinionated character of the college principal, Viru Shashtrabudhe had to accept his defeat without appearing generous to the outside world.It was a moment when my character felt strangely relieved from the burden of carrying the pen. The moment he gives away the pen, he feels that his responsibility is over.I had to do quite a few retakes for this scene. My co-star Aamir Khan was really patient with me, and so was my director Raju Hirani. The retakes helped me to get in character for this decisive moment. I had tears in my eyes when we did the final take. I was also drained out by then, which helped me to get the right mood.Complex scenes like this work only when your co-star is supportive. Aamir is a very generous co-star. He's always willing to stand back and let another actor take centre stage. That's the spirit which made this scene work for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106169", "title": "Promising admission in UK, two cheat student", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A resident of Shahpur Rinku Bhavsar (27) was duped by two persons, who promised to get him admission in a UK university. A complaint has been registered at the Navrangpura police station by Bhavsar.Bhavsar, who recently earned a degree in psychology, read a newspaper advertisement which claimed that he can get a berth in a university in UK. So, Bhavsar went to the specified office on CG Road, where he met two persons - Rakesh Kothari and Chetan Kothari. The duo said he would have to pay an admission fee of Rs 3.6 lakh. Bhavsar paid the amount in April 2011. In August he was told that he had got the admission and would require a UK visa. Some documents pertaining to the university were also handed over to him. Based on these documents, Bhavsar applied for visa. UK embassy, however, rejected his application and also wrote that there is no such university in UK. When Bhavsar approached the duo for a refund, they turned him away. On Wednesday, Bhavsar approached the Navrangpura police station officials and lodged a complaint against the duo. After his complaint, three more victims approached the cops - Ankit Patel, Mukund Patel and Maria Mutthu Swamynathan.\"All three have paid Rs 1-2 lakh each to the duo. Police said the two have gone missing since the complaint has been lodged. There are more complaints likely to come forth against the accused,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12105596", "title": "Ludhiana gears up for annual baby show", "text": "LUDHIANA: Come March 4 and the cutest babies of Ludhiana would get together to participate in a baby show organized by the municipal corporation. The parents who have enrolled their babies for the event are an excited lot busy deciding the best attire for their bundle of joy, while they ensure the respective vaccination course for their child is also complete, because that is the ground on which their health would be judged.The MC has received an overwhelming response with more than 100 entries registered by Thursday. The entries are being accepted under three categories: below one-year-old, between one and two-year-old and below five-year-old; and parents can enrol their baby till Saturday.Kiran and Omkar Singh, residents of Police Lines, are excited to take their nine-month-old daughter Komalpreet to the baby show. \"My daughter is the sweetest and she would leave all other babies behind with her mesmerizing cuteness,\" says Kiran. Confused to decide what Komalpreet would wear on Sunday, Kiran says, \"I am not able to figure out which dress would suit her best as she is too small now. I would decide it by Friday.\"Similar is the delusion with Model House residents Kanwaldeep Kaur and Swaranjit Singh as they aren't able to get the dress they want for their six-month-old son Jaskirat. \"I wanted to dress him up in a traditional Punjabi dress, but I couldn't find one of his size. I will have to make him look different in casuals now,\" says Kanwaldeep, a homemaker.Rahon Road residents Jagdish and Jyoti Kapoor are particular about their daughter's vaccination. Jagdish, a businessman who also works with a local news channel, says, \"I have two kids and both of them have won prizes at baby shows earlier. So, I am pretty sure my three-year-old daughter Dakshita would win this competition. We have completed her vaccination course as the doctors at the show check the health of the baby first of all.\"When Jasmine and Deepak of Rajguru Nagar saw a hoarding of the baby show while shopping in the market, they immediately decided to take their 10-month-old son Utkarsh to the gathering of innocence. Jasmine, a functional medicine consultant, says \"I bought a bunny dress for Utkarsh and I am quite excited about taking him to the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106516", "title": "22-year-old man kills self", "text": "KANPUR: A 22-year-old youth committed suicide by jumping in front of a speeding train in Panki. He was identified as Pawan Singh, a resident of Babupurwa. He was missing since Wednesday. The police have recovered a suicide note from his pocket. Pawan mentioned his prolonged illness as the reason behind his extreme step.Accident: A 21-year-old youth, who had suffered injuries in an accident on Wednesday night in Chakeri, died at the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital during the treatment.He was identified as Rajiv, a resident of Om Purwa in Chakeri. He was riding a bicycle, when he was hit by a speeding motorcycle coming from the opposite direction. The two persons on the two-wheeler had also sustained injuries and are undergoing treatment at the same hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105067", "title": "Squad gets more bite to check rabies", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai corporation plans to give its dog catching squad some more bite, especially in the extended zones of the civic body, with each of the 15 zones to be equipped with a vehicle and dedicated personnel to handle the city's stray problem more efficiently.A day after a rabid pig bit two golfers and a washerman in the city, corporation officials told TOI on Thursday that the health department had submitted a proposal to the civic body, asking it to increase staff strength and allot additional vehicles to put a check on the burgeoning number of stray dogs in Chennai.Veterinary doctors suspect that the pig, which was beaten to death after going on a rampage, may have contracted the virus after being bitten by a rabid dog. \"Domestic pigs can acquire rabies through bites from an infected animal,\" said Shivram Bharadwaj, a surgeon at Apollo Hospital.According to corporation statistics - questioned by some experts - there has been no human rabies infection in the past year.\"We have three vehicles in working condition at any point of time. If we use two vehicles and teams in the morning, and if one of them is called to Sholinganallur or Ambattur for instance, then our staff will only have one vehicle to attend to all other complaints,\" said a corporation official. The civic body currently has six vehicles and 19 workers including van drivers, in the dog-catching squad.They said if every zone had a vehicle, teams would have to travel shorter distances and be able to respond better to complaints. However, corporation sources admit that around 1,000 complaints about stray dogs have not been attended to in the past year due to shortage of staff. People say calls to the corporation often elicit to response.\"Once we called the corporation zonal office about three ferocious stray dogs, but no action was taken for three days. We then called the Blue Cross and the dogs were taken away to shelters,\" said Radhika Sarathy, a resident of Indira Nagar, Adyar.But civic body officials insist that all calls are attended to and say the move to strengthen the squad is meant to improve the Animal Birth Control (ABC) programme. \"We sterilize nearly 2,000 dogs each month. People call the ward councillor, other officials, send emails and register complaint by phone about a same problem in a particular locality. We respond to all complaints,\" a corporation official said.They say that as part of the ABC programme, adopted first by Tamil Nadu in 1996, dogs are screened for rabies and vaccinated. \"Blue Cross and People for Animals and other NGOs help us screen the animals when they are brought in for sterilization. If they show symptoms of rabies, they are isolated and observed. When rabies is confirmed, we put them to sleep,\" said a corporation official. The corporation says that though the city is rabies-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12103381", "title": "'Enforce stringent law to curb exploitation of natural resources'", "text": "AMRAVATI: The government should enforce a stringent law to curb exploitation of natural resources, said CM Sunta, former director of radiation safety division, Atomic Energy Regulation Board. He was addressing a seminar organized by Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University on clean energy option to mark the National Science Day on Wednesday.He spoke about renewable energy options like bio-fuels, bio-mass, geothermal, hydroelectricity, solar energy, tidal power, wave power and wind power. He said that solar energy and wind energy are the cleanest sources of energy. According to Sunta, deserts in Rajasthan have the potential to become the largest solar power house in India.He said that Avani village in Uttarakhand has set up an ideal eco-friendly model of solar energy utilization. People are using energy for lighting, heating and lifting of water into overhead tanks. The village has also used rainwater harvesting technique in which the stored water is lifted with the help of solar energy. Villagers were trained in proper maintenance of solar panels. The model set up by Avani villagers is modern way of environment conservation. Unfortunately, such modern techniques are rarely seen in metropolis. Builders should provide such eco-friendly techniques in big cities, said Sunta. Unless government makes a stringent law to limit the use of natural resource it would be difficult to stop exploitation of natural resources, said Sunta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104708", "title": "BJP miffed by Sena\u2019s offer", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena's offer to the BJP of leaving the mayor's post in Nashik to the latter, has not amused local BJP leaders in Nashik.The Sena's gesture is viewed as a mockery of the Sena-BJP alliance by local BJP leaders who point out that the Sena-BJP alliance is far away from the magic number (of 62 seats) required to capture the mayor's chair.Commenting on the development, BJP city unit chief Lakshman Savji said that as far as the dissolving of the units was concerned, it was Shiv Sena's internal matter. However on the Shiv Sena's proposal to allow BJP to select its mayor, Savji said anything concrete will only come up after the election to the mayor's post is announced.When in 1992-97, the term of mayor was restricted to one year and the Congress had a thumping majority in the 87-member NMC house, mayor for the house was decided solely on the basis of elections.Thereafter, since the parties or alliance got the clear majority, the election was merely a formality. This time too, elections will decide the city's mayor.There is no clear majority to any particular partyand all present day combinations fall short of a majority. In such a case, it would be too early to say who would get the mayor's post, Savji said adding, \"Elections could possibly decide who will be the mayor of Nashik.\"The situation is fluid and there is likely to be horse trading, observed a leader from the Congress, which has bagged 15 seats, one more than BJP.The safest equation that appears is the BJP-MNS, but the Sena would not allow this. \"In order to stop BJP tilting towards MNS (even beyond NMC) and to brush aside the remarks of BJP president Nitin Gadkari - that he was not allowed to speak to Bal Thackeray as his phone call was never put through at Matoshri- Sena has put forth this cards,\" a BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104504", "title": "LPG supply not hit for now", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangaloreans needn't fret over the indefinite strike called by LPG truckers, at least for the time being. There's some respite as the city gets LPG cylinders ferried through the railways, officials said on Thursday. Over 3,500 trucks stayed off the road on the first day of the strike called by the South Zone Motor Transporters' Welfare Association, representing LPG tankers. The agitation is likely to affect cooking gas supply in all four southern states and Puducherry. B Ashok, executive director, Indian Oil Corporation (South), said: \"As of now, LPG supply hasn't been affected in any state. We have some stock in our plants and Bangalore gets LPG supply through the railways. So supply may not get affected here,\" he said. GR Shanmugappa, general secretary of the association, said 3,600 trucks have already gone off the road and that'll hit supply of 6,000 tonnes of LPG every day. \"We are asking the government to raise the rate to Rs 3 per kg/km of LPG from the existing Rs 2 and 45 paise. We were given an assurance in writing on January 19 this year. But they failed to keep their promise, and we had no option but to go on,\" said Shanmugappa. Consumers, meanwhile, are a worried lot. A dealer in Koramangala said gas cylinder supply has been affected. \"Under normal circumstances, we have to wait for over two weeks to get a cylinder. If the strike is prolonged, it will affect us,\" said Reshma Khan, a homemaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12105900", "title": "Jesus\u2019s final resting place discovered?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Archaeologists have stumbled upon a coffin bearing engravings inside a first-century Christian tomb in Jerusalem which they believe could prove that the site is the final resting place of Jesus. The burial chamber located below a modern condominium building has been dated to before AD 70, so if its engravings are indeed early Christian, they were most likely made by some of Jesus' earliest followers, the excavators said.Using a remote-controlled camera connected to a robotic arm, the excavators found that one of the limestone boxes, also known as ossuaries, bears an inscription in Greek that refers to \"Divine Jehovah\", raising someone up.A second ossuary has an image that appears to be a large fish with a stick figure in its mouth. The excavators believe the image represents the story of Jonah, the biblical prophet who was swallowed by a fish or whale and then released. A computer-enhanced image of the fish engraving thought to represent the story of the prophet Jonah. Together both the inscription and the image of the fish represent the Christian belief in resurrection from death, LiveScience reported.While images of the Jonah story became common on more recent Christian tombs, they do not appear in first-century art, and iconographic images like this on ossuaries are extremely rare, the researchers said.\"If anyone had claimed to find either a statement about resurrection or a Jonah image in a Jewish tomb of this period I would have said impossible - until now,\" James Tabor, a professor of religious studies at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte and one of the excavators, said. The researchers, who published their findings online in 'The Bible and Interpretation', however, acknowledged that the discovery and their interpretation may become controversial.This tomb was originally uncovered in 1981, but the excavators were forced to leave by Orthodox Jewish groups who oppose the excavation of Jewish tombs. The tomb was then resealed and buried beneath the condominium complex in the neighbourhood of East Talpiot. Almost two decades later, Tabor and colleagues got a license to go back into the tomb. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12105545", "title": "World queues up to learn ayurveda in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the last few weeks, Cinzia Catalfamo Akbaraly has been learning about and researching the different herbs used in ayurveda. The founder and president of Madagascar's Akbaraly Foundation is hoping to take ayurveda to the Indian Ocean island nation.\"I am exploring the possibility of this traditional Indian system being a viable alternative to modern expensive medicines. People there use herbal medicines. ayurveda will not be an alien concept to them,\" says Akbaraly, who has been studying ayurveda at Arya Vaidya Pharmacy (AVP) in R S Puram in the city.Like her, a number of foreigners are coming to Coimbatore to do short-term courses in ayurveda and take the system back to their country. Most of them come to know about ayurveda after reading about it or visiting centres in their countries, and see the scope for a career in the field.Holger Sehramm from Hawaii in the US says he is thinking of setting up a centre in his hometown once he completes his course here. He is doing a three-month course at AVP. \"Many Americans and Japanese come to Hawaii to learn yoga. I learnt yoga there for 10 years but wanted to deepen my knowledge and get an introduction to ayurveda,\" he says.An introduction is what these students get during the courses that run from three to 12 months. \"In the given period, we may not be able to teach ayurveda in a comprehensive manner, but we are able to educate them and generate an interest,\" says Dr A Rajendra Prasad , assistant director, AVP. \"Many of them return to learn more.\"Though they get students from across the world , most are from the US, UK, South America and, more recently, Latvia . They also run an ayurveda college that trains people to be fully qualified ayurveda doctors.Though many countries' laws may not allow doctors to practice ayurveda, a number of dieticians and nutritionists incorporate ayurvedic practices into their prescriptions. \"ayurveda helps allopathic doctors see another perspective in treating patients.For instance, a western doctor who thinks of conducting a knee replacement surgery may reflect on other options,\" he says giving the example of Simone Hunziker, a doctor from Switzerland , who came to the centre to learn about ayurveda. \"He is now the president of the Swiss ayurveda Medical Academy (SAMA),\" Prasad says.Dr U Indulal, deputy director at AVP, says most students have already done courses in other countries. \"They come here when those centres are unable to help them further,\" he says.That's the reason why Deema Koval has come to Coimbatore all the way from Ukraine to learn ayurveda. \"I went to some training centres there, but they what they taught seemed confusing and contradictory. So, I came to India to five years back to learn more about the subject,\" says Koval who plans to make a career of it.Oliver Mulliez who was working in the hospitality industry now wants to start a yoga and ayurveda centre in Paris . He heard about yoga from his wife. \"But my wife is a bad teacher ,\" he smiles. \"I am doing a six-month course here,\" he says.Dorian Millich, an architect from Brussels , who is learning ayurveda for eight months, says yoga helped him overcome depression. \"Since yoga helped me so much, I wanted to learn more about Indian systems and spread the good I received,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106377", "title": "Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry president elected to Assocham", "text": "Gpresident elected to ASSOCHAM Managing Committee At the adjourned 91st annual general meeting on February 21, president of Goa chamber of commerce and industry Manguirish Pai Raiker was declared elected to the managing committee of Assocham. Raiker will represent the small-scale industry from Western India. He has been on the managing committee of GCCI since 1990, having served on various committees before being elevated to the post of vice-president for the last two terms.Winners of maths contest: Kapil Pavse of Class VII from The New Educational Institute, Curchorem, won first place in the state-level mathematics talent search examination organized by AGMTA in collaboration with SCERT, government of Goa on December 11, 2011. Rahul Singh and Vaibhav Dessai of Class VII won the 10th and 12th place respectively. Rohan Gaonkar and Shambhavi Kakodkar of Class IX both won the 12th place at the state-level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103579", "title": "\u2018Provide artificial limbs to blast victims in 3 weeks\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday directed the All India Institute of Medical Sciences to provide within three weeks artificial limbs to victims injured in the blast at the court last year.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw also asked four of the victims to appear on Friday before the physical mdicine rehabilitation department of the AIIMS for treatment.HC had earlier asked the institute to explain its failure to comply with its January 11 order to provide prosthetic limbs to victims within a month. The bench had asked the state government to provide for the limbs for blast victims on a plea by advocate Gaurav Bansal.According to the petition, Gautam was permanently incapacitated as his left leg had to be amputated following injuries sustained in the blast. When Gautam approached AIIMS for artificial limbs, he was asked the to foot the bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108398", "title": "Sanjay Gupta\u2019s creativity gets an FIR", "text": "Sanjay Gupta launched his project Shootout At Wadala with a lot of fanfare on Wednesday.But the very event has landed him in trouble. An FIR has been lodged against the filmmaker at the Versova police station for the invite that had been sent out by him.It may be recalled that Gupta made a unique media invite, which said that the Police Commissioner of Bombay has sent summons for you to reach Mehboob Studios on Tuesday. Although, the media took it in good humour, the cops did not. Despite putting a disclaimer behind the invite, Versova police station went ahead with the FIR. Gupta will have to deal with it amid gruelling shooting schedules.DCP Pratap Dighaokar (zone 9) said, \"The offence has been registered and the matter is under investigation.\"When contacted, Gupta said, \"I am not aware of this. As far as I am concerned, it was nothing more than innovative and creative marketing. It was an invitation sent only to the media and not to the public. In any case, the summons-style invitations has a disclaimer stating that this is not a real summon but purely for publicity and promotional purposes. I am out of town, busy shooting. My office is looking in to the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104452", "title": "Man accused of abducting wife set free", "text": "MUMBAI: A family of four from Chembur can finally heave a sigh of relief, after a sessions court on Wednesday acquitted a man accused of kidnapping and raping his wife who had eloped with him 17 years ago.Judge C M Salunkhe acquitted Shaukat Shaikh (40), a father of two, after the defence pointed out that the alleged victim might have been adult at the time of the incident and consented to getting married.According to the prosecution, Shaikh had kidnapped Madhuri (name changed), now the mother of his two daughters, when she was on her way to school on January 22, 1995. The complaint was filed by Madhuri's mother and the RAK Marg police filed an FIR against Shaikh. The couple who belonged to different faiths had however tied the knot and eloped to Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh.The couple's love story began when Shaikh met Madhuri at her aunt's house. They fell in love and even exchanged several letters. However, owning to their faiths they were aware that their families would not accept the alliance and decided to elope.The matter was stalled for two years as they were hiding in Andhra Pradesh. However, on their return in 1997, Shaikh was arrested by the police. He was granted bail, following which Shaikh and his family went into hiding again. This time, the couple lived in Chembur where Shaikh made a living as a civil contractor.On February 2, Shaikh was nabbed from Chembur and lodged in Arthur Road jail where he has been for almost a month. The court commenced the trial. The prosecution presented four witnesses, including Madhuri, her mother, the investigating officer and the officer who took down the FIR.\"The mother continued to make the allegations. However, the wife told the court that Sheikh is her husband. The court then acquitted Shaikh,\" said Sheikh's lawyer Amit Munde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode/kannur", "code": "12106099", "title": "Kollam worries echo across Malabar coast", "text": "KOZHIKODE/KANNUR: With another ship-related incident claiming the lives of two fishermen two weeks after the Enrica Lexie case, fishermen in Malabar are a worried lot.The latest incident has created a panic from Ponnani in Malappuram to Manjeshwaram in Kasaragod and local fisher folk are anxious about their safety.\"Our waters are over crowded as more commercial ships and tankers are sailing in Indian waters. It is very risky to manoeuvre my 50 feet boat between huge commercial ships plowing ahead at high speeds even during daytime. Fishing trips at night is like crossing a busy highway blindfolded,\" said Abdul Lathif M K, a boat owner from Beypore who has been engaged in fishing for the past 15 years.He added that the situation has worsened in the last two years after large ships, fearing pirate attacks, are sailing closer to the coast. State fisheries department is ill-equipped to handle an emergency rescue operation due to lack of proper infrastructure. Fisheries stations at Kozhikode and Kannur do not have rescue boats and are forced to use old fishing boats on rent.\"We need a steel boat for sea rescue operations. We rent boats now, but we can perform our job more efficiently if we have our own boat,\" said assistant director of fisheries station (Beypore) Mariam Hazeena.Officials said five rescue boats procured by the department in 1998 for Rs 10 crore are wrecks now. They were not properly maintained due to fund shortage and became unusable after five years. The boats at Beypore and Kannur have been auctioned off to Steel Industries Kerala Limited.\"Ours is a daily ordeal and if there are no rescue boats on standby, what can we hope during an emergency?\" asked T K Abdul Rasheed, a fisherman in Ayikkara near Kannur.\"With our limited manpower, we do try to ensure the security of the fishermen,\" said sub inspector of marine enforcement wing (Kannur) P K Venugopal. He added that it is a tough task to operate with such limited resources.Following the recent incidents, fisheries department and enforcement wing have launched an awareness campaign. But, according to a police official, the fishermen are used to breaking laws of the seas and this is one reason for the tragedies like the recent oneKozhikode/ Kannur: The growing instances of death on the seas have left the fishermen in Malabar a worried lot. The latest instance of the boat- ship collision which left two fishermen dead and three missing has set off panic waves cross the coastal fishing belt from Ponnani in Malappuram to Manjeshwaram in Kasargode.Local fisher folk feel they are forced to put their life at risk on a daily basis with little help coming from authorities to ensure their safety and security.\"It is a very dangerous world out there. Our waters have become over crowded with huge increase in the number of commercial ships and tankers plying in the Indian waters. It is very risky to manoeuvre my 50 feet boat between the huge commercial ships buzzing past in high speeds even during daytime. Fishing trips at night is like crossing a busy highway blindfolded, \"said Abdul Lathif M K, a boat owner from Beypore who has been engaged in fishing for the past 15 years.He said that the situation has worsened in the last two years as the piracy threat in the international waters have made the large ships operate closer to the coastal waters of the state. \"We simply lack the technology and safety equipment to survive in the seas in the changed scenario as we are forced to go deeper into the seas in search of fish,\" he added.The lack of a proper rescue and safety infrastructure at the State Fisheries Department makes it ill-equipped to undertake rescue operations in case of emergency. The fisheries stations at Kozhikode and Kannur does not have even a single rescue boat of their own and are forced to bank on old fishing boats, taken on rent, for search and rescue operations.\"We are in great need for a steel boat to carry out sea rescue operations even in the turbulent seas efficiently. Currently the operations are carried out using a rented boat, but we can perform the tasks more efficiently if we have a boat of our own,\" Mariam Hazeena, Assistant Director of Fisheries at Beypore, Kozhikode said.Fisheries Department officials said that all the five rescue and patrolling boats procured by the fisheries department in 1998 at a cost of around Rs 10 crore have turned into wrecks and has been written off. The boats became unusable in just five years' time due to lack of funds for maintenance. The boats at Beypore and Kannur have been auctioned off to Steel Industries Kerala Limited (SILK).\"We do fishing risking our life, but no one is concerned about the challenges and threats we face,\" says T K Abdul Rasheed, a fisherman in Ayikkara near Kannur. \"Though there is a rescue boat here by the fisheries police (the marine enforcement wing of the Fisheries Department), it is of not much use when it comes to emergency,\" according to him.\"With the limited manpower, we try our level best to ensure the security of the fishermen,\" says P K Venugopal, the SI at the Marine Enforcement wing in Kannur. However, it is a tough task to operate with such limited resources, he also agreed.The general opinion among the fishermen community is that without trained manpower and modern boats there is no meaning in assigning the task of rescuing the fishermen to the marine enforcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12106896", "title": "Women sidelined in agricultural sector, says Justice D Sreedevi", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"I am saddened about the unfinished tasks in hand, yet relieved over finding a solution to the maximum number of cases relating to women,\" said Kerala Women's Commission (KWC) chairperson justice D Sreedevi in her farewell address along with other outgoing members of the Commission here on Thursday.Poet and activist Sugathakumari and additional director general of police (ADGP) Dr Alexander Jacob have laid a strong foundation for the functioning of KWC, she added. Releasing the KWC annual report 2010-11 , she said, \"Bureaucratic hurdles impede the functioning of the KWC and all governments have shown double standards and giving only a step motherly treatment towards KWC and on handling women's issues.\"Earlier women in the fishermen community had a prominent part in the sales, but of late women are side-lined , similarly in the agriculture sector the plight of women is appalling , the KWC members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108639", "title": "Rajan Shahi's new lead discovered in a mall?", "text": "Vidhi Parekh , who plays the lead in Directors Kut's new show Jamuna Paar  , would never thought in her wildest dream s that a trip from Mumbai to Pune will change her destiny.An engineer with a degree in electronics and telecommunication , Vidhi had moved towards people management and worked in the HR department for a Pune -based firm. She was also considering further studies in Management when she suddenly moved to acting . \"\"I was spotted at a food mall! I was traveling from Mumbai to Pune when they approached me at the food mall and said I was the right choice for the character. Soon I gave the audition . I was extremely shy but they groomed me. I sat for sessions with various artistes and experts so that I could brush up on my skills. I now have the challenge to prove myself. I am grateful to producer Rajan Shahi who has given me a break of a lifetime ... \"We are confident that you will be able to strike the right chord with the audience , Vidhi !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105416", "title": "Govt intensifies drive against NGOs, to scrutinize workings of 77 more organizations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government intensified its drive against NGOs it suspects of being hostile to national interests, with the home ministry zeroing in on 77 organizations whose activities will be scrutinized following a crackdown on four NGOs for allegedly fanning protests against the Kudankulam nuclear plant.A meeting chaired by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday was told by home ministry officials that the NGOs, mostly from the US and Europe, needed careful monitoring to check whether they were violating rules that guide funding and mandate their actions. The NGOs will be placed on a watch list with the external affairs ministry asked to ensure visa applications of their members are scanned.In the same meeting, representatives of the ministry of external affairs said that the list of suspect NGOs drawn by MHA has been \"circulated to Indian missions and posts abroad with an advice to monitor those when they apply for visas\". Most of the NGOs on the \"watch list\" receive funding from US and European countries.After having sought action against12 NGOs in Tamil Nadu - apart from the four facing cases for alleged diversion of funds - the decision to put 77 entities under the lens is an escalation of the government's actions.The growing government-versus-NGOs rift marks a fraying of UPA-2's ties with the voluntary sector that Congress, having moved decisively to the left-of-centre, saw as a partner. The party saw NGOs as important allies in generating the \"atmospherics\" that helped Congress oust BJP from power in 2004.The government's tough steps against NGOs allegedly diverting foreign funds to sustain the agitation against the Kudankulam power project have drawn sharp criticism while the organizations deny any involvement in the agitation. They have insisted that they are involved in charitable work.However, Congress on Thursday supported the government's moves with party spokesperson Manish Tewari saying that India's attempts since the 1980s to achieve energy security was regularly thwarted by international interests. \"This should be kept in mind by agencies probing the cases,\" he said.Minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy has said earlier that foreign funds received for purposes such as health and education were diverted to bolster the stir. The government sees the protests as an attempt to stall India's ambitious nuclear energy programme.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy convener S P Udaykumar has denied any links to foreign funds and has said he is associated with Swedish NGO Idea only in a research capacity. PMANE has served a defamation notice to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for blaming foreign NGOs for being insensitive to India's energy needs.Government sources insist the agitators are fundamentally opposed to nuclear energy and argue that while China races to increase its power capacity, India's attempts to cover a growing deficit are being stalled. The PM's remarks were followed by bank accounts of four NGOs being frozen. CBI and Tamil Nadu police have filed cases.The finance minister was chairing a meeting of the Economic Intelligence Council at which the list of 77 NGOs was discussed. The council has representatives from the Intelligence Bureau, the country's external intelligence agency Research and Analysis Wing, officials from MHA and ministry of external affairs besides revenue intelligence officers.The tough talking against NGOs could also escalate into a diplomatic row with the government adamant on acting against those it believes are responsible for funding domestic NGOs involved in political or semi-political protests or activities.Local protests organized at Kudankulam have derailed the commissioning of the first 1000 mw unit of the 4780 mw nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu. The Rs 14,500 crore nuclear project has been built with Russian collaboration. Two units are nearly complete but as of now the bare minimum staff needed to ensure the plant systems are in working order is able to access the site.The government has, however, refused to divulge names of the NGOs that it says are behind the protest at Tamil Nadu. The opposition has demanded a statement from the PM while civil society activists have decried the governments strong arm tactics.PMANE has denied allegations that it is being funded by American NGOs to organise the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12109151", "title": "Major Gen Handa\u2019s allegations against Army chief an 'afterthought': Army", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Defending the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) V K Singh in a case filed against him by his junior Major General T S Handa for spoiling his annual confidential report (ACR), army authorities have submitted before the military tribunal that Major General Handa never raised the issue in his initial complaints but the allegations are an \"afterthought\".When the matter came up for hearing before the Chandigarh bench of the military tribunal, counsel appearing for the army authorities, Captain Sandeep Bansal, argued that in its non-statutory complaint about his ACR filed before the Army chief, Handa had not made any allegations of bias in regard to the date of birth issue. Captain Bansal also made it clear that the displeasure awarded to Handa was in fact just a \"reproof\", which is not recorded in the ACR and does not have bearing on his promotional aspects.However, contesting the Army counsel, counsel for Handa reiterated his earlier claim that apart from the date of birth (DOB) issue, there was no other reason for being given lower points in the ACR.The issue had reached before the tribunal through a petition filed by Major General Handa alleging that COAS, VK Singh had \"spoilt\" his annual confidential report (ACR) because he had not changed Gen Singh's date of birth - a contentious issue - during Major Gen Handa's posting in the military secretary (MS) branch. He was aggrieved for not considering his case for the promotion for the rank of Lt General.In his petition, filed in April 2011, Major General Handa had submitted that while in Ambala as general officer commanding (GOC) of 2 Corps, V K Singh had submitted an application to the MS branch for changing his date of birth from May 10, 1950 to May 10, 1951. Handa, who was then a brigadier and was posted as deputy military secretary in the Ambala branch, claimed the branch did not consider General Singh's request. But General Singh held him responsible for not amending his date of birth and 'spoilt' his ACR.General V K Singh has already submitted before the tribunal that he did not meet Major General T S Handa in connection with any issue related to change in his date of birth and did not influence Handa's superiors during assessment of performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12105953", "title": "Now, steam blast technique to clear lungs", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new steam blast technique that could scald the lungs and help one breathe more easily, a feat they say could provide relief to patients with breathing disorders like emphysema.Results from international trials showed that the therapy that involves firing of steam into the targeted lung tissue leads to significant improvement in lung function and reduced breathlessness in emphysema patients.There were also improvements in overall quality of life, said Felix Herth, who led one of the trials at the University of Heidelberg in Germany.\"A procedure that shows an 83% improvement when looking at several end points should provide new optimism for patients who are living with emphysema,\" Herth was quoted as saying by Daily Mail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12107928", "title": "Facebook valuation drops to $93bn", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc's implied value dropped 5 per cent to about $93 billion in the auction of a fund that holds shares of the social networking company's stock.The sale yesterday set a price of $40 apiece for 125,000 units of the fund, according to an e-mailed statement from SharesPost Inc, which managed the auction. A Feb. 14 fund auction valued Facebook at about $98 billion.Facebook, which filed for an initial public offering on Feb. 1, is said to seek a valuation of as high as $100 billion. The implied valuation based on private-market transactions may change depending on the actual share count after the IPO.Jonathan Thaw, a spokesman for Menlo Park , California-based Facebook, declined to comment on the auction.San Bruno, California-based SharesPost, which lets investors trade shares of companies before they go public, estimates Facebook has 2.33 billion shares outstanding, including stock tied to options that may be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105071", "title": "Now, a 4-yr degree marries engineering with management", "text": "CHENNAI: Most engineers aspire for a management degree. How else do you explain that 64% of the candidates who applied for the Common Admission Test (CAT) in 2011 had an engineering background? Against this backdrop comes the announcement of a BTech degree that comes with two majors - one in engineering and another in management.From the next academic year, VIT University in Vellore will offer two major subjects in its BTech programme. Students will have the option of pursuing regular engineering majors or study an engineering subject as the first major and a management subject as the second. \"This is done in response to industry's need for engineers with strong additional background in management subjects. Many engineers become project managers in 10 years. This course could reduce the time significantly while equipping them with skills to get on the job soon,\" said university vice-chancellor V Raju.To get a BTech degree with two majors, students will have to take 10 extra subjects in human resources, marketing, finance or general management. The students opting for two majors can still complete the degree programme in four years. However, they will have to devote two of the summer sessions - one at the end of the second year and the other at the end of the third year- to complete the requirements for the second major.There have been precedents. Cognizant started a course of software development and management in VIT University in 2000. The aim was to bring in the elements of management within a course on software. \"It wasn't done to recruit a particular type of students. The reasoning was that such students may fare better when some of them hold managerial positions after a few years,\" said a Cognizant official.Students who complete the required credit hours can also complete a full-time two-year MBA in three partnering universities in the US in one year. Appropriate credits can also be transferred for the MS programme offered by the universities, said professor Raju.Some industry sources are skeptical. \"I don't see companies making their recruitment decisions based on the existence of the two kinds of credits, on this, giving preference to dual degree students. They will still look for graduates with a good grip on fundamental engineering skills. Yes, if a candidate is able to show a good understanding of business, he might stand to benefit, but it won't be due to the course tag,\" said an official within a top three Indian IT firms.There are few such courses in India or in the US. Naresee Monjee Institute of Management Studies introduced a similar course for integrating management and technology courses three years ago, but it hasn't been successful, said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi. \"Companies are always going to prefer management graduates with significant experience over fresh graduates with both technology and management majors. I don't think it gives the students of this new course any major advantage. This is especially true for universities like VIT, where 90% of the hiring is done by IT companies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104865", "title": "States to share cost of pending railway projects", "text": "PATNA: The cash-strapped railways is planning to execute all pending projects on a cost-sharing basis with the respective states. The move is aimed at giving a boost to the economy of the states concerned.According to sources, the railways recently signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Jharkhand government for the execution of railway projects worth over Rs 3,771 crore in that state. The Jharkhand government has agreed to share 50% cost of the estimated projects, the sources said.Similarly, Karnataka is funding about Rs 2,500 crore for the railway projects in the state while Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have been sharing the cost with the railways for the projects being carried out there. Besides, Kerala is likely to share cost with the railways for the Sabri railway project valued at Rs 4,000 crore, the sources said.The railways had sanctioned projects worth over Rs 55,000 crore to Bihar. Some of these projects could not materialize due to resource crunch. The railways has not yet approached the Bihar government for sharing cost for a few ambitious projects like the Diesel Locomotive Manufacturing Factory at Marhaura (Rs 2,025 crore), Electric Locomotive Manufacturing Factory at Madhepura (Rs 1,400 crore), Goods Wagon Repair Workshop at Sonepur (Rs 92 crore) and Wagon Repair Workshop at Samastipur (Rs 33 crore), the sources said.According to a Railway Board official, the Bihar government has already shared cost with the railways in building road over bridges (ROBs). In fact, the alignment work of these ROBs falling under the state jurisdiction has been funded by the state government. \"It was with the help of the state government that the railways expedited development work in the state in the past,\" the official said.According to the sources, the Bihar government has also agreed in principle to assist the railways in building a fast corridor between Patna and New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12105418", "title": "NRI bride racket busted, 14 booked", "text": "LUDHIANA: Playing upon Punjabis' weakness for dollar dreams, a group of con artists duped at least 20 young men by getting them 'married' to NRI women as a passport to foreign shores. Some members of this gang, including a retired mathematics teacher, were arrested on Wednesday for running a fake immigration racket.The cops got cracking after Gill village resident Amarjeet Singh complained that the gang had duped him of Rs 35 lakh on the pretext of getting his son married to an NRI. He claimed that a wedding function was organized with traditional Punjabi hoopla in 2008 but till date his son Parminder Singh had not left India.Following investigation, police arrested Gurcharan Kaur, 60, her son Komal Singh, 35 ' both of Gill village, Karamjeet Kaur alias Kammo, 42, of Sukhana village and Surinder Singh, 55, a resident of Rajgarh village. A total of 14 persons were booked.Gurcharan and Karamjeet are reported to be the kingpins of the gang and another key member, Bhupinder Kaur of Mandi Ahmedgarh, is absconding. Police personnel said over 10 persons from different villages were part of the con as they enticed young boys with the prospect of sending them abroad.These 'agents' reportedly took Rs 25-35 lakh from the 'victims', assuring to get them settled with girls in USA, England and Canada. Police said though there were other girls involved, they had established the role of Davinder Kaur Mann of Canada who would pretend to be one of the brides.Gursharan, a retired government school teacher, along with others would reportedly organize fake marriages. To make sure the event looked authentic, girl's 'relatives' were also arranged. Following the wedding, the girls used to return to their country, leaving the men wondering.Police said the victims belonged to Gill, Gude, Tusse, Bodhe Badhni, Kaind, Sujapur, Doneke, Sheloani, Bardeke, Boparai, Muskin, Pudain, Burj Litta, Rurka and Jalaldiwal villages of Ludhiana. Assistant commissioner of police Swapan Sharma said they were investigating and had already traced 25 such men who had been duped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12110666", "title": "Samsung fined for selling defective TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung India Electronics has been asked by a Delhi consumer forum to pay around Rs 45,000 to a customer for selling her a defective television and causing her \"physical and mental pain\".While holding the company, its service centre and the franchisee being \"deficient in service,\" a city District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum directed them to pay back one of its customers Rs 12,622 as the price of the TV set, Rs 25,000 as compensation and Rs 5,500 as litigation cost.\"Holding that there is a clear case of deficiency made out against the three, we direct them to pay to the complainant Rs 12,622 being the price of the TV set,\" the forum said.\"Pay a sum of Rs 25,000 as compensation for physical and mental pain suffered by the complainant and a sum of Rs 5,500 as litigation expenses,\" it added.The forum presided by Rakesh Kapoor, gave the order on a plea by Ashok Vihar resident Shivani, who had approached the forum saying she had purchased a Samsung TV in April 2008 which had a defect of 'colour patch'.She said the TV was repaired only after repeated requests and as the problem persisted, the set was replaced. But after a few months, the new TV set too showed some manufacturing defects and she had to approach the forum after the company failed to redress her grievance.While Samsung India Electronics denied any manufacturing defect, the forum was of the view that \"the set was purchased on April 10, 2008 and the first job card was prepared 20 days later showing a manufacturing defect in the same.\"It also referred to company's letter seeking permission to take the TV for repairs, and said \"the TV, whether it was replaced or not had the same problem occurring again and again and had not worked properly even for a month after its purchase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12103726", "title": "Lifers for six, 17 acquitted in Javed Khan murder", "text": "YAVATMAL: A court has on Wednesday sentenced six accused to undergo life imprisonment while 17 others have been acquitted for want of sufficient evidence in the murder of one Javed Khan Wahed Khan Pattan (30) of Ner in 2008.The convicted accused are Ziaullah Khan Zakaullah Khan, Eijaz Khan Jabaz Khan Pattan, Hasan Khan Jabaz Khan Pattan, Firdos Khan Jabaz Khan Pattan, Nadimoddin Najimoddin Pattan and Shami Khan Sher Khan. One of the main accused, Nasrullah Khan, is still absconding. All the accused are residents of Ner town, 30km from Yavatmal city.According to the prosecution, a crowd of over 25 persons carrying sharp weapons like knife, scythe, sword, iron rods and sticks marched to the hair cutting saloon of Rajesh Shriwas near the old ST bus stand of Ner on February 2, 2008.The deceased Javed Khan and his associates Mohammad Shafique Sheikh Mannu, Anis Khan Tayyab Khan Pattan, Anis Khan Mustafa Khan Pattan and Imran Khan Pattan, all residents of Ner town, had gone to Shriwas's saloon. The proprietor was busy in cutting Javed's hair while the others were waiting for their turn.The gang led by Pattan brothers attacked Javed and chopped off his hands. They stabbed in the chest and stomach, killing him on the spot. Javed's friends tried to intervene but the crowd attacked them too and injured them seriously.The attack was due to old rivalry between the gangs. A complaint was lodged at Ner police station and PSO Ganesh Hake had registered offences under section 302, 326, 147, 148 and 34 of IPC against 24 accused, and arrested 23 of them.Ganesh Hake had filed the charge sheet before the court of additional district and sessions judge PS Tarare with a list of 23 witnesses. The court recorded statements of all 23 witnesses during the trial. It held six of the accused guilty of the murder of Javed and sentenced them to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 3,000 each under section 302 of IPC. They were also convicted for five and six years RI under sections 147 and 148 of IPC respectively. All the prison terms would run simultaneously. The court however acquitted 17 accused for want of sufficient evidence. One of the accused is still at large.Government pleader PV Gadbaile represented the state while advocates MB Deshmukh, Rajesh Sable, Mukhtar Ali and TB Mirza appeared for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105855", "title": "SI held guilty of abusing powers, probe ordered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In another case of embarrassment for Chandigarh police, police complaint authority (PCA) on Thursday, held a sub-inspector (SI) Sewak Singh of police station, Sector 3, guilty for abusing his powers and ordered a departmental probe against him. SI Singh was held guilty for arresting Col (Rtd) Amandeep Singh in a biased manner and keeping him in the police custody for one night in May, 2010. The decision is significant because PCA had also indicted another sub-inspector Rajiv Kumar of UT police for falsely implicating Col (Rtd) Singh in a forgery and cheating case on February 28, 2011.In his complaint before PCA, Singh claimed he had been thrashed by his nephew Shahbazdeep Singh and mother in his house in Sector 9 on May 26, 2010. The complainant claimed SI Sewak Singh came to his house, but instead of recording his statement contacted another party under some influence.The complainant claimed in his complaint that while he was arrested under section 107/151 of the CrPC and lodged in the police lock-up for the whole night, cops slapped minor charges against the another party, under which there was no need to make any arrest. Meanwhile, Col (Rtd) Singh was discharged the next day when he was produced in the court of area SDM.In its order, PCA stated that SI Sewak Singh was found to have acted in the most arbitrary and partisan manner while arresting one party and letting another go scot free. Though PCA has also held then SHO of PS 3, Inspector Mahavir Singh, guilty, no action was recommended against him since he retired from the police services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104565", "title": "Seven more special courts to be set up for graft cases", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet on Thursday cleared the 'Rajasthan Special Court Bill 2012' which will ensure speedy disposal of corruption cases and attachment of properties of civil servants whose assets are found to be disproportionate to their income. The draft also envisages setting up of seven more special courts to try corruption cases, mainly in Jaipur and Jodhpur. Six such special courts are already functioning in the state at Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur, Udaipur, Kota and Bikaner.The cabinet meeting, presided over by chief minister Ashok Gehlot , was held at Vidhan Sabha. The draft proposes to make all such attached assets state properties. As per the provisions, cases related to unaccounted wealth will be disposed of within a year.The cabinet also approved an amendment to Rule 4 and Rule 13 of Rajasthan State and Subordinate Services (Direct Recruitment by Combined Competitive Exam) Rules, 1999. After the amendment, the upper age limit for appearing in Combined Competitive Examinations for the state government employees would be 45 years. Earlier it was 40 years.The cabinet also gave green signal to a proposal related to determining appropriate compensation from Rajasthan Housing Board for land obtained for Jaipur Metro and the proposal to declare Gogelao in Nagaur and Bid in Jhunjhnu as Conservation Reserve. This apart, it cleared the proposal for acquisition of 5,690 bigha of land in Baytu tehsil of Barmer district to set up Hydrocarbon Value Added and Training Centre and allotment of 37.19 bigha of land free of cost to Shri Ratan Lal Kanwar Lal Patani Foundation, Kishangarh to establish a women's college.In another decision, the Rajasthan Civil Services (Medical Attendance) Rules, 2008 would be amended to ensure that medical attendance and treatment could be availed at any approved hospital within the state by a government employee, without a reference from the government hospital. The facility would also be provided to the pensioners and family pensioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12106185", "title": "Power department initiates disconnection drive in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the financial year coming to end and only 60% revenue collected so far, the power department has stepped up the drive to collect arrears from consumers. The department has started a vigorous disconnection drive. In last two days, it has snapped the connection of around 840 consumers.To check consumers who hook on illegal connections once the teams leave the spot, the department has constituted special teams under the supervision of managing director, Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited, led by officers of the rank of executive engineers. The teams armed with the list of consumers whose power supply has been disconnected, will monitor that they do not resort to any unlawful measure. Chief engineer, distribution, Alok Verma told TOI: \"The focus is on revenue collection and to accomplish this we have cracked the whip against consumers whose arrears are Rs 20,000 and above. Around 30 teams have been constituted under six divisions which have started disconnecting the power supply of such consumers from Monday if they fail to clear the dues on the spot.\"Besides, the department has turned the heat on consumers who have tampered with the power meters.The meters which are sealed by the department are opened in front of the consumers at an appointed date.If the consumer fails to turn up on the appointed date the connection will be snapped and criminal proceedings against them, Verma said.On the other hand, special teams constituted by the MD have also been provided the list of consumers whose supply has been disconnected since Monday.The teams would take rounds of respective localities and in case it is found that the consumers have hooked on to power supply illegally, legal action would be taken against them.Another power official, Mohd Firoz, said the drive is continuing simultaneously in three districts -- Allahabad, Fatehpur and Pratapgarh. He said several meters have been found tempered.In Allahabad, 30 teams have been constituted under six divisions -- Tagore Town, Mayo Hall, Bamrauli, Kalyani Devi, Rambagh and Naini. The disconnection drive will continue till March end, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109849", "title": "Anushka or Nayan \u2013 who will be the Rani?", "text": "Director Gunasheker is planning to make a film on Rani Rudramma and there is a near scramble among the actresses to land in the offer.Sources say that Anushka and Nayantara are in the race for this role. Since Anushka has proved her mettle in Arundhati and Nayan in the recently released Sri Rama Rajyam, both these actresses are hot favorites for the role.However, director Gunashekar has said that he is still working on the script and will not be in a position to sign up anyone for the role unless the work is complete.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12105906", "title": "For web users, even blink is a long wait", "text": "Wait a second. No, that's too long. Remember when you were willing to wait a few seconds for a computer to respond to a click on a website or a tap on a keyboard? These days, even 400 milliseconds - literally the blink of an eye - is too long, as Google engineers have discovered. That barely perceptible delay causes people to search less. \"Subconsciously, you don't like to wait,\" said Arvind Jain, a Google engineer who is the company's resident speed maestro. \"Every millisecond matters.\"Google and other tech companies are on a new quest for speed, challenging the likes of Jain to make fast go faster. The reason is that data-hungry smartphones and tablets are creating frustrating digital traffic jams, as people download maps, video clips of sports highlights, news updates or recommendations for nearby restaurants. The competition to be the quickest is fierce. People will visit a website less often if it is slower than a close competitor by more than 250 milliseconds (a millisecond is a thousandth of a second).\"Two hundred fifty milliseconds, either slower or faster, is close to the magic number now for competitive advantage on the Web,\" said Harry Shum, a computer scientist and speed specialist at Microsoft. The performance of Web sites varies, and so do user expectations. A person will be more patient waiting for a video clip to load than for a search result.And Web sites constantly face trade-offs between visual richness and snappy response times. As entertainment and news sites, like The New York Times Web site, offer more video clips and interactive graphics, that can slow things down. But speed matters in every context, research shows. Four out of five online users will click away if a video stalls while loading. --Steve Lohr--NYT NEWS SERVICE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103922", "title": "Poll frenzy grips JNU, long queues to cast ballot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Political fervour witnessed on the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) campus in recent weeks translated into a high polling rate during the students' union elections on Thursday. The mood was celebratory as long queues formed outside polling centres early in the morning and activists drummed up support one last time before the fate of their candidates was sealed. The 61% turnout reported at the end of the day is a record for JNUSU polls.With the election process returning to the university after four years, many students experienced campus politics for the first time. \"The best thing about elections here is that they are free and fair - no violence, no money power or muscle power,\" said second-year MA-geography student, Sudhir Dara. The Supreme Court had stayed JNUSU polls in 2008 over violations of the Lyngdoh Committee's recommendations on university elections.JNU's foreign students enjoyed the experience, calling it a sign of a strong democracy and free society. MA-sociology student from Italy, Elisa , said, the four-year suspension made the elections special anyway, but, \"They are so important for a democratic society. Unlike in my country, the students here are more engaged with politics and issues, probably because of the longstanding tradition of struggle in India. This is a very positive sign.\"Frenchman Alouk from her department said, \"In France, too, students contest elections on issues such as tuition fees, admissions etc. But the dimension of student politics is bigger and more colourful and impressive here in JNU\".There are 27 candidates for the four posts on the JNUSU central panel, including 10 for the post of president. For the 30 councillor posts, there are 96 candidates.Given JNU's traditional Leftist leanings, many see the elections as a straight fight between All India Students' Association (AISA) and the Students' Federation of India-All India Students' Federation (SFI-AISF) alliance. But some expect Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) to spring a surprise this time. \"The results will be declared on Monday. Around 61% polling took place,\" said chairman of the election committee, Prabodhan Pol.The union thus elected will be in office for just three months before the summer vacation. The JNUSU constitution lays down that elections must be conducted within three months of the commencement of a new academic session, that is July 21. Therefore, a new union will have to be formed by October 2012.While most students' organizations were not in favour of the Lyngdoh Committee's recommendations, they decided to accept the Supreme Court's guidelines as an interim measure to restore the JNUSU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104649", "title": "To curb racket, state may introduce kerosene coupons", "text": "JAIPUR: To tighten the noose around kerosene mafia, the food and civil supplies department is considering distribution of kerosene through coupons under public distribution system (PDS) just like domestic gas delivery system.The government distributes kerosene under PDS but to keep a check on manipulation of records, it may introduce coupon system just like in domestic gas distribution system.The department will also monitor the movement of kerosene tankers through global positioning system (GPS). The department is taking measures to check kerosene pilferage and its diversion, this comes in the backdrop of the incident in which additional collector of Nashik district was burnt to death by kerosene mafia last year when the victim had caught the accused red-handed.\"The government is considering the option of distributing kerosene to ration card holders through coupons. The coupon will serve as evidence of kerosene distribution. It will also check manipulation of records,\" food and civil supplies department principal secretary JC Mohanty said.Moreover, the department would install GPS in kerosene tankers. \"GPS-based vehicular tracking system will help us monitor the movement of kerosene trucks and keep an eye on diversions or leakage,\" Mohanty said.Black-marketing of kerosene could also be kept in check.Not only transportation of kerosene tankers but the other stuff distributed through PDS would be monitored through GPS. GPS is a system based on satellite and it gives the exact location of a vehicle on a computer connected with GPS.The GPS project was launched recently in the rural areas here on a pilot basis. Now, after running it successfully for two months, the state government plans to implement it in the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12097770", "title": "Paan Singh Tomar's son denies money claims", "text": "The news of Balwant Singh (the nephew of dacoit Paan Singh Tomar) having lodged an FIR against director Tigmanshu Dhulia with the Madhavganj police station in Gwalior, has stirred up a controversy just ahead of the release of the film.Balwant has alleged that the director had promised him 40 lakh for details about his uncle's transition from an athlete to a dacoit. Now, it's not just Tigmanshu, even Souram Singh, the son of Paan Singh Tomar, dismiss Balwant's act as a publicity-driven act.Says Tigmanshu, \"I have not heard anything from the cops yet and I don't even know if an FIR has actually been filed. I have met Balwant once and that too at a tea shop. Balwant was more concerned with boasting about himself. People know mine and Irrfan's credibility and they know what Balwant is all about. Instead of talking to the media, Balwant must produce the contract that he claims to have not been honoured. Mine is not a huge film that I will be making deals of paying 40 lakh to a person.\"Says Souram from Bhabani village in Jhansi, \"I had met up with the producers of the film and had gone into an agreement about how the film will be made about my father. I wanted my father's story to be told accurately. Getting money for sharing information was not my agenda. Even then, I was told by the makers that I would be given 15 lakh after the film's release. Balwant was nowhere in the picture till the time Tigmanshuji came down to shoot. When the shoot was happening in Chambal, it was he who would come down to watch the unit. The reason, I suppose, was that he would have a good time and enjoy his meal at night. The shoot never happened in Chambal for four months. So where is this whole story coming up of he having been with the unit for that long? Paise ke chakkar mein admi kya kya bol dete hai. Tigmanshuji had sought help from so many people from my village, Bhidosa. But I don't think he ever went to Guda where Balwant now lives.\"Though Souram himself hasn't watched the film, he has faith in the fact that the movie will truly depict the events in his father's life. \"Initially, they had wanted to use the title of \"Chambal Ka Robinhood\". But I insisted that my father's name alone be used as the title. Besides, I was very clear about the way my father's story was narrated,\" says Souram, adding, \"I want the world to know how a man who joined the Army as a subedar and won the steeplechase event at the National Games for seven years in a row to his struggle thereafter. In 1971, he turned into a dacoit following a land dispute. There are so many stories about how my father died but the truth is that there were informers who poised his drink (he used to have one peg of rum every day), got him so tipsy that he couldn't defend himself in an encounter later on. He died on October 1, 1981. While he had turned into a dacoit, he had insisted that I join the Army. In fact, I have served in the Indian Army from 1979 to 1996. Like my father, I too have served in The Bengal Engineer Group. Even though my father was on the run, no one questioned me in the Army about his whereabouts.\"Souram's 80-year-old mother is waiting for the movie to release. \"Irrfan's forehead and his hair resemble that of my father. We are all waiting to see how Irrfan plays my father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12105802", "title": "Akhilesh describes Maya's regime as most corrupt", "text": "BAREILLY: Describing Mayawati's rule in UP as 'Mafia rule', Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday said that her tenure was marred with corruption and scams in various departments reigned supreme. The SP leader while on padayatra that commenced from Mission Hospital and culminated at Prasad Talkies, Civil Lines Bareilly also ruled out the possibility of being chief ministerial candidate. \"The entire party wants Mulayam Singh Yadav to be the next CM,\" he said while addressing the rally of nearly 10,000 gathering. Akhilesh said, \"If SP is voted to power, we will improve the law and order situation the state on priority.\" He also promised free tablet PC to class-X pass students with Hindi, English and Urdu software in it. Hitting out at UPA and the Mayawati government, he said both are involved in corrupt practices. Akhilesh Yadav appealed to the people to give his party a clear mandate, and promised loan waiver, free education till Class VIII, and more power plants to be installed in UP for 24 hrs power back-up. He also slammed BSP regime in the state for misuse of public fund for the constructions of elephant statues and parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12106371", "title": "Birhor boys at BSL seek job now", "text": "BOKARO: The district administration has decided to employ seven students belonging to the primitive Birhor tribe, who were adopted and groomed by Bokaro Steel Ltd (BSL) under its corporate social responsibility programme. The Birhor boys had requested the BSL management and administration to provide them with jobs as they were in need of money for their families.However, administrative authorities are trying to convince these Birhor boys to continue with their studies for some more years so that they could become graduates and could get appointed directly as clerks but they are desperate to get jobs immediately as peons. District welfare officer Jugnu Minz said he had met the boys and tried to convince them but they were adamant about getting jobs instantly.BSL had adopted 15 Birhor children on April 9, 2001, with a motive to make them join the mainstream. The BSL officials with help of district welfare officers had brought these boys from their villages, 70 kilometers from the district headquarters under Gomia block. Of them, six Birhor kids escaped to the forests while nine of them continued with their studies.At present, five Birhor boys are appearing for their intermediate exam of the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) while four of them are appearing for the Class XI examination at Sector-II/D Higher Secondary School.\"It's the government's commitment to provide jobs to primitive tribes for which they have started process of recruitment of the seven Birhors,\" he said.However, the administration initially had also requested BSL to provide jobs to the Birhor youths but in vain, said Minz.Chandolal Birhor said he is in need of job as he got married last year. His parents have become old and cannot work. Like Chandolal, his friends also narrated similar plights.Minz said he on Thursday discussed the issue with DC Sunil Kumar who has given nod to begin the employment process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "cortalim", "code": "12106319", "title": "Will Saldanha repeat his 2002 feat?", "text": "CORTALIM: For the first time since Goa became a state in 1987, incumbent Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho is not in the fray for the Cortalim seat. While the deputy speaker of the state legislature has taken his candidature to the new constituency of Dabolim, his party has fielded Caetano Xavier in his place in his home turf.But the Cortalim-Quelossim sarpanch doesn't seem to have cut much ice with the electorate in the constituency. Relying heavily on the work done by the Congress in the constituency, Xavier, nonetheless, says he's confident of posting a win.Observers say the real fight is between BJP candidate Matanhy Saldanha, who wrested the seat from Godinho in 2002 by just 900 votes, Goa Vikas Party's Nelly Rodrigues and United Goans Democratic Party's Ramakant Borkar. Interestingly, GVP and UGDP are in a tie up for these polls. Tolentino D'Souza, a candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress , is also in the fray.Analysts say that the trio of Rodrigues, Borkar and D'Souza, are likely to eat into each other's votes leaving Saldanha with the chance of serving Cortalim as a legislator for the second time. Saldanha says, \"Before I became the MLA in 2002 there were many illegalities happening in Cortalim, including goonda raj. This was completely banned during my term, I will make sure that law and order is in place if I am elected.\" The medium of instruction issue may affect Saldanha's chances though, say observers, as BJP is not clear about whether or not it will support grants to English-medium primary schools.Rodrigues, who hails from Colva, is seen as a strong opponent to Saldanha. Says Rodrigues-a teacher at MES HSS, Zuarinagar, for the last 25 years-\"People are looking for a change and change also means that this time people want a woman to represent them in the assembly. The women from the constituency are backing me.\"Borkar is the deputy sarpanch of Cortalim panchayat and is popular in the slums of Zuarinagar being a panch from the area. He had earlier failed to bag the NCP ticket he'd sought.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108707", "title": "Kunak Karan Kapoor's sardarji Avtaar!", "text": "Kunal Karan Kapoor is playing main lead Mohan in Sudhir Sharma's Na Bole Tum na Maine Kuch Kaha got an opportunity to get into Sardar look to to woo Nanhi.Nanhi gets angry with Mohan and has broken her friendship with him (because he had written the report against her father) .. Mohan wants to cajole her therefore he dresses in the get up of a sardar so that he can get a chance to talk to Nanhi.Kunal confirms, \"\"It was an interesting sequence. As an actor one doesn't get such a sequence. We have seen tv and film heroes doing these things to cajole a heroine.. but doing all this for a kid.. its something new. I got lot of compliments for it. My character is being appreciated and I am enjoying it to the hilt\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12107559", "title": "Nokia No.1 in Indian mobile market: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driven by strong uptake of smartphones, mobile phone shipments to India grew by 10 per cent to 183.4 million units in 2011 against 166.5 million units in 2010, says a study.According to a CyberMedia Research study, the smartphone segment grew 87 per cent to 11.2 million units in 2011 as against 6 million units in the previous year. On the other hand, feature phone shipments increased seven per cent to 172.2 million units in 2011 from 160.5 million units in 2010.Nokia retained its leadership position with 31 per cent share of the overall mobile phone segment, followed by Samsung at No 2 with 15 per cent and Micromax at No 3 with 5 per cent share in terms of sales (unit shipments) during 2011.The Finnish firm was also numero uno in the smartphones segment with a 38 per cent share, followed by Samsung with 28 per cent share in 2011. RIM dropped to third place with a 15 per cent share, the study said. In 2011, the India smartphones market witnessed the launch of 150 models by over 30 vendors.\"In 2012, the proportion of smartphones with extended features like NFC and 3D gaming is likely to increase. It will be interesting to see how Microsoft and Nokia take their partnership to the next level with a new range of smart devices based on the Windows 7.5 Mango OS platform,\" CyberMedia Research Lead Telecoms Analyst Naveen Mishra said.With established players like Nokia and Samsung expanding their dual-SIM portfolio, the multi-SIM category saw an year-on-year increase of 61 per cent in shipments and accounted for 57 per cent of the total shipments in 2011.Nokia (13 per cent share) displaced G'Five to capture the top slot, while Korea's Samsung, with eight per cent share, pushed Micromax to the third slot.\"The innovative products in the Finnish vendor's portfolio helped Nokia become the market leader in the category,\" CyberMedia Research Telecoms Practice Analyst Tarun Pathak said. The year 2011 also saw about 250 3G handsets from about 30 vendors hitting the market and accounted for nearly 18 million units, a year-on-year growth of 153 per cent.Nokia again emerged as the market leader in this category, followed by Samsung and RIM. \"3G is a relatively new phenomenon in India with active subscribers estimated at only 15 million as of December 2011. This may be directly attributed to the lack of 3G network availability in many locations and the poor quality of service experienced by existing subscribers,\" Mishra said.It will be interesting to see how new alliances and offerings emerge from handset vendors, service providers and content developers to target mobile subscribers with innovative device plus data service bundles, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103933", "title": "Delhi gung-ho over English, not Hindi", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may not take too long for English to overtake Hindi as the largest medium of instruction in schools in the national capital. While Hindi still retains the top slot, the academic year 2010-11 saw an increase of nearly one lakh in the number of students attending English-medium schools in the capital when compared with the previous year. Simultaneously, there was a decrease in the number of children studying at Hindi medium schools of a little over a lakh.The data is part of a yet-to-be released report on school enrolments across the country, prepared by the National University of Education, Planning and Administration (NUEPA).R Govinda , vice chancellor of NUEPA, feels a direct migration from Hindi medium to English medium may well have occurred in Delhi, a city with greater prosperity and access than the rest of the country. \"People who are just above the poverty line want their children to benefit from studying at an Englih-medium school, as they have seen people who speak English doing better in life than those who don't,\" says Govinda.He also believes that the rise in enrolment in English-medium schools has much to do with the enterprising business community, for whom education, too, is another business. \"I recently met a builder who said he was diversifying into the field of education as there was a good market for it,\" says Govinda.According to professor Shyam Menon, vice chancellor of Ambedkar University, the growing demand for the English language in Delhi reflects a widespread urban phenomenon, seen across the country's metros.\"English is identified with those who are at the core of the country's economy. The closer one's proximity with the English language, the closer one is perceived to be to the core of the Indian economy. The same analogy can be extended to those who live on the geographic periphery of the country's economic centres, and are deprived of both English and the benefits of the economy,\" says Menon.That Delhi's civic body is opening English-medium sections in municipal schools too may have a hand in the growing number of students in English-medium schools.\"The state governments, MCD and education department have, for long, been lobbying for an increase in English-medium schools without consulting educationists on its implications. The English language is seen as a passport to growth and prosperity. But it's also important to examine the larger role that language plays in the life of an individual and for a culture,\" says Rahul Dev, founder of Sampark, an organization that works towards the preservation of Indian languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103989", "title": "Ga-ga over tiger sightings, tourists toss rules into the wild", "text": "NAGPUR: If vandalizing of tourists cars at Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) gate at Navegaon (Ramdegi) on February 25 was a blot on tiger tourism, the visitors gave a bad name to it on Wednesday by going berserk on spotting tigers in Pandharpaoni area of the reserve.More than 100 visitors in 30 vehicles, including those in the Chimur-Tadoba-Rajura state transport bus virtually scrambled and competed to have a glimpse of four tigers that had appeared on the Pandharpaoni-Tadoba road around 9am on Wednesday.According to Project Tiger guidelines, a distance of 30 metres should be maintained between vehicles and the animals but many were barely 10 metres away from the tigers.With Pandharpaoni becoming a hot spot for tiger sightings, the permitted 40 vehicles entering from Moharli, Khutwanda, Kolara and Navegaon gates head for the spot, causing not only congestion but complete chaos.On Wednesday, when the four sub-adult tiger cubs were sighted, vehicles rushed to the spot. Ostensibly scared by the noise, two cubs crossed the road and vanished inside the dense bamboo clusters while two continued to relax on the road for more than an hour.There were more than 30 vehicles at that time on the spot. Those at the back, upset at not getting a clear view, protested boisterously. The ST bus passengers and its drivers stepped out of the bus, which is completely against the rules, and climbed atop for a good view. Six van majoors with their bicycles too were there at the spot. Some who could not sight the tigers jumped off their vehicles and hollered to those in front.With time ticking away to the 10am deadline when the Moharli gate is shut, vehicles began speeding brazenly. Some stopped to click more pictures and one of the vehicles was just 6 feet away from the tiger.One of the tigers preying a nilgai, which had been released in Pandharpaoni after getting close to humans, was also disturbed by the vehicles. Some gypsies even stopped their vehicles on the attacking tiger's path.\"A road hit, like what happened in Bandhavgarh recently, is imminent if the park officials don't take action soon,\" said Sandeep Dahat, a nature lover from Jaripatka and an eyewitness.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director VK Sinha said the bus driver and some vehicle owners have been asked to show cause on why their entry into the park should not be banned.Sinha agreed that there is need to regulate tourism in the park for which additional staff is needed. \"We will deploy more staff from Friday and see that vehicles do not stop at one spot for long durations,\" he said.\"Tourism is an important economic activity and can link tigers to wider constituency and build conservation support. But when managed badly, it can lead to stress on tiger habitats,\" said Haseeb Badar, a wildlife lover and another eyewitness.What Project Tiger Says?* In place of open gypsies and cars, medium-sized buses, with a closed body and sliding windows may be used for park excursions. This will minimize risk of close encounters with animals and reduce number of vehicles* A minimum mandatory distance of 500 metres should be maintained between two vehicles plying on the same road* Tourists vehicles, while spotting a tiger or any other wild animal, should maintain a minimum mandatory distance of 30 metres* The route guides must be professionally trained and penalty should be imposed on visitors in case they violate rules", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104306", "title": "Over 99% children hit, slapped in schools: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Children across the country are being caned, slapped, hit and if they're lucky, let off with their ears boxed by teachers and school authorities, a study by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights has found.The commission conducted a study on the practice of corporal punishment speaking to 6,632 children and respondents across seven states. The study, to be made public next week, paints a bleak picture of India's schools.Of the people interviewed, only nine children denied having received any kind of punishment indicating that in 99.86% of the cases, children were subjected to either mental or physical punishment.The study -- conducted in 2009-2010 - says that as many as 81.2% of the children were subject to outward rejection by being told that they were incapable of learning. Out of the total, 75% reported that they had been hit with a cane and 69% had been slapped on their cheeks. Shockingly, the study found that the practice of giving electric shocks was also being followed in some schools.Among the most frequent punishments given to children was getting caned, being slapped on the cheeks, being hit on the back and ears getting boxed. Sources said the child rights commission was deeply concerned over the findings and had formulated guidelines for the elimination of corporal punishment in schools.The commission, since 2009, has been writing to schools and state authorities advocating a violence-free environment in schools and homes. It has also sent guidelines strongly condemning any kind of physical punishment. Sources said the guidelines were likely to be expanded further to include mental harassment like putting down the child in any way, shaming and name-calling them as well. The new guidelines will be made public next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103936", "title": "UGC Model College bone of contention between Nagpur University &amp; Gondwana University", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Nagpur University cleared files and accounts of Gondwana University (GU) after a long delay, there are still many disputes between officials of both universities.The biggest impasse is on NU's 10-acre land in Gadchiroli that was allotted for its sub-centre by the Maharashtra government and which was later given to GU for starting operations.NU officials didn't want to hand over the prime piece of land as they wanted to construct the Model College that was allotted to it by the UGC. On the other hand, GU officials say that the government's gazette notification (first reported by TOI on December 14) makes it clear that all assets of the sub-centre should be handed over to them. NU officials have protested and sent a strongly worded letter to the government.\"We have asked the government not to hand over the land for the time being as it would be required by NU for the development of the Model College,\" said NU registrar Mahesh Yenkie, insisting that there was no dispute with the GU officials.\"Since UGC had granted its Model College to us, we want to construct an administrative block, hostels, library and other facilities for it. Without land it's not possible. The existing land is more than sufficient for the college. On the contrary, GU requires huge tracts of land for their operations,\" he said.Yenkie termed GU officials carrying out development in the sub-centre area without permission from NU \"highly unfortunate\". \"They should have waited for some time. It was a premature step as we had handed over the sub-centre in good faith,\" he lamented.He pointed out that Model College could not be transferred to the GU as it is yet to get recognition from the UGC.GU officials, on condition of anonymity, took strong objection on NU's stand. They blamed NU officials for deliberately delaying the process of handing over files and accounts of 177 colleges that would eventually be transferred to it.They reminded that NU had got the Model College on the basis of Gadchiroli being a backward district. \"Even during the meeting with state higher education director PR Gaikwad on February 22 in Pune, he had categorically told NU deputy registrar Anil Hirekhan to hand over the entire assets of sub-centre to GU. The NU official was told to convey director's message to vice chancellor and registrar,\" GU officials said.GU officials added that Gaikwad told NU that alternate land would be provided to them for their Model College in Gadchiroli. \"Since the NU has to transfer the Model College to us in the coming days, why are they making a hullabaloo now,\" the officials asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12109915", "title": "Petition filed in Allahabad HC challenging sub-quota for minorities", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A petition challenging the Centre's decision to carve out a 4.5 per cent sub-quota for minorities within the 27 per cent reservation given to OBCs was on Friday filed in the Allahabad high court.The writ petition filed by Allahabad-based social organisation \"Prahari\" has sought quashing of the notification dated 22.12.2011 whereby the Centre had made a provision for the sub-quota, besides praying for direction restraining the Union government to publish the same in the gazette of India.When the petition came up for hearing before a division bench comprising Justice R K Agrawal and Justice Amit Sthalekar, a preliminary objection was raised by the Centre saying the writ petition was not maintainable since the government's decision did not affect the interests of the social outfit, which has filed the litigation.The petitioner's counsel concurred and sought permission from the court to file a fresh petition in the form of a public interest litigation.The court granted the permission, saying \"put up as a fresh case on March 21, 2012, before the bench dealing with public interest litigation matters\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104516", "title": "HC notice to govt over missing persons in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday sought an explanation from the home secretary and the director general of police (DGP) over the efforts made to trace nearly 10,000 people missing from the state in the past eight years. The court has asked the two respondents to file a reply in four weeks.A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain sought the explanation after a writ petition seeking court's intervention in tracing a staggering number of people missing from the state was filed on February 18.The petitioner, Krishna Kukkad from one Anti-Social Activities Prevention Society, claimed in his petition that many missing persons, especially teenaged girls, are likely to have fallen prey to human-trafficking gangs. \"However, except lodging missing persons report in a casual manner, nothing has been done seriously to find out the real story behind such large number of missing persons by the authorities,\" the petitioner said. \"The present state of affairs reminds us of the Nithari case, where many children were reported missing. However, they were found kidnapped and then murdered by one person just below the nose of Noida police.Kukkad's lawyer AK Jain told the court that police had a casual approach in tracing these people. \"One may wonder as to what happens to those children who go missing. Do they fall victim to child adoption rackets or child kidnappers who would force them join the army of beggars or prostitutes? The percentage of missing children who remain untraced is consistently on the rise in the state,\" he said.Jain told TOI that the court has sought a reply in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108958", "title": "Arindam Sil to complete 'Aborto' soon", "text": "The initial tension has long dissipated, what with 50 per cent shooting of his directorial debut, \" Aborto\", already over and done with.Says Arindam Sil, \"I am shooting the corporate portions for \"Aborto\" now. I should be able to wrap up by March 20.\"There was a little hiccup in between when Jaya Ahsan, who plays Charu in the film, met with a personal tragedy. She lost her father when she was in Kolkata. \"It was unfortunate,\" says the director. \"When she came from Bangladesh , I was aware that her father was unwell. But she was in touch with her family back home. In fact, when we got the news of his demise, I had two scenes left, which I could shoot later too. But the professional that she is, she didn't let anyone know about her mental state and even wanted to complete the scenes before leaving.\"Another actor, who in the director's words, promises to be a \"surprise\" is Resshmi Ghosh. She plays Duli in the film. \"Resshmi has surprised many. Just wait and watch,\" continues the director, who will play a cameo.Resshmi, on her part, happily confesses that she is having a great time on the sets. \"It has been a learning experience so far. I have always been greedy about work in Kolkata and I am glad that the city has to offer me good roles. Barring Saswata Chatterjee, with whom this will be my third film, I am working with a new unit. The film is bold in terms of the story and even my role has something different to offer,\" she says. As for fun on the sets, Resshmi is digging into doi and mishti to her heart's content. \"People are amazed that I can eat so much,\" she wisecracks.Abir (Hari Bose) Chatterjee, who has finished the first leg of shoot, says, \"I love the fact that I get to play a cricketer. I think after 10 years, I was all padded up for the game. That apart, I got to meet Ranadeb Bose , Sambaran Banerjee and Devang Gandhi too.\"But that's the \"good\" part of the shooting. The \"worst\" was when the lift of the building, where the unit was shooting, broke down and they had to take the stairs to reach the 19th floor. Abir adds, \"Kudos to the production guys though who had to keep going up and down with the heavy equipment. They are the real heroes.\"So, will this image makeover (read flirtatious, mischievous) get Bomkesh Bakshi additional admirers? \"I would always want to excel and it's great that directors are trusting me with different characters,\" Abir admits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096252", "title": "People think I\u2019m a psycho: Shazahn Padamsee", "text": "Actress Shazahn Padamsee, was recently in Delhi to walk the ramp for designer Sulakshana Monga at the Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week.She told us that she was extremely comfortable walking in high heels and a dress with a long trail. \"I didn't want to take the dress off, it was that comfortable and beautiful,\" she said. Sulakshana said that she chose Shazahn as her showstopper because she had an edgy fashion sense, and also a beautiful body.Speaking of the beautiful body, the actress, who will be seen in Sajid Khan's next film, \"Housefull 2\", told us that she has lost weight for her role, which is quite glamorous, as compared to her sweet and bubbly character in her debut film, \"Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji\". She lost five kg for her role in the multi-starrer.She told us that she works out like a crazy person and that people at her gym thinks she's a 'psycho'. \"I am into healthy eating. Apart from working out, I do kick boxing and swimming, so it helps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106304", "title": "BJP sure it will win election", "text": "After completing over 240 public meetings, out of which at least 40 were huge ones addressed by national leaders, the Bharatiya Janata Party and Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party alliance is confident of winning the March 3 assembly polls. Addressing the BJP-MGP alliance joint press conference, leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar said \"If we go by the response from the people, it is clearly observe the rage among the people to through the congress government out of power and I am hopeful that people of will give us clear mandate\"Don't vote for BJP, says Cong MPCongress Member of Parliament Sanjay Nirupam appealed to Goans not to cast their vote in favour of the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) for the March 3 assembly poll. Recollecting incidents in Orissa and Karnataka, Nirupam said, adding that the BJP fielding six Catholics for the assembly election is just social engineering done by the BJP. He also said that he is sure that people of Goa will support the Congress again, for the stable government and overall development of the state.'Trinamool best choice for Goa'The Trinamool Congress is the best choice for Goans instead of the \"very corrupt Congress\" and the \"very communal BJP,\" Trinamool Congress state president Dr Wilfred de Souza said on Thursday. Briefing the media, Souza said, \"The Trinamool is the best choice because it has seven ministers at the centre in the important departments of ports, railways, health, tourism, urban development, rural development and information and broadcasting. They can do a lot for Goa,\" Souza said.Khaunte takes on NarvekarPorvorim independent candidate Rohan Khaunte has sought the disqualification of the Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar for circulating an appeal urging voters not to vote for Khaunte. The appeal, which is signed by Narvekar has been issued on a government letterhead. Addressing mediapersons, Khaunte demanded Narvekar's immediate arrest. \"The police should arrest him. He cannot use a government letter head,\" Khaunte said. He said he has lodged a complaint against Narvekar under the Representation of People's Act and disclosed that he would press for Narvekar's disqualification. Khaunte accused Narvekar of misleading people through the appeal by claiming he had got works of more than 100 cr sanctioned in the last five years in Porvorim constituency.Coutinho attacks Kamat's 'neglect'Independent candidate from Margao Ivo Coutinho claimed that a few parts of Margao like Moti Dongor and Shirvoddem had been totally neglected under chief minister's Digambar Kamat's regime. While addressing mediapersons in Margao on Thursday, Cutinho further claimed to have the backing of the Janata Dal (United), the Zagrut Goenkarancho Ekvott (ZGE) over a host of other issues and said that the lack of proper development in Margao prompted him to contest the polls. The prominent businessman from Margao added that he would ensure that that all wards in Margao got basic amenities be it cleaning gutters on time or keeping the markets clean. He added that he was confident of winning as he had received good response from the people. Sources say that Coutinho has a good social standing, and may garner a sizable amount of votes from the affluent classes of society.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105440", "title": "City aims to set record with sky lanterns", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come March 11 and the city sky would be lit up with thousands of sky lanterns, just like that scene out of the popular animated movie 'Tangled', when the maiden Hyderabad Sky Lantern festival gets underway at Gachibowli Stadium.The event is also an attempt to make it to the Guinness Book of World Records . The current record for the most number of sky lanterns released simultaneously is 10,000-plus, a feat that was accomplished in Indonesia in 2009. Organisers in Hyderabad hope to break that record with a whopping 30,000 lanterns.Rakesh Vanka, one of the organizers, said: \"We already have confirmation on around 15,000 people attending the festival. We are confident that the record will definitely be broken that evening. There is still time for the event and I am hopeful of a good turnout.\"Although the festival faced a few hiccups initially - it had to be postponed twice, from January 26 to February 11 to finally March 11 - this time around, organisers are confident that they have taken care of all the details.The upcoming event has already managed to generate a buzz among city folk with the demo held on Necklace Road on February 25. Around 1,000 sky lanterns had been released into the night sky then.The event at Gachibowli is scheduled to begin 7.30pm on March 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104123", "title": "\u2018Restore cancelled BEST bus routes till end of exams\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The cancellation of bus operations on 15 routes in the city ahead of school and college examinations led to a heated debate at BEST's committee meeting on Thursday.Committee members Vilas Chawri, Ravi Raja, Suhas Samant, and Sunil Ganacharya took exception to the cancellation, saying that the move inconveniences students who are appearing for the board exams.BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta said these routes were highly loss-making and were closed to reduce the overall losses of the BEST. According to the members, the decision has not only affected students, but also their parents and teachers. \"BEST is already in serious financial trouble. But we have no objection to restarting some of these routes till examination season ends,\" Gupta later said.Members asked for all the routes to be restored and asked the administration to effect any cancellation only at the end of April or in May. Gupta requested members to point out which of the cancelled routes were inconveniencing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104563", "title": "One apartment laps up city\u2019s water supply", "text": "BANGALORE: Guess which ward draws the maximum amount of water? Going by ward-wise supply statistics churned out by BWSSB for the month of January 2012, it's an apartment in Thanisandra near Hebbal, that has just one metered connection, but draws a maximum of 44,000 litres from that connection per month. Banaswadi ward, which has the highest number of metered connections, draws 14,196 litres per month per connection. To identify the extent of illegal connections, for the first time, BWSSB has done a ward-wise analysis of its water supply, by studying the litre per capita daily usage of water. \"This data has given us information on which ward gets how much water through metered connections, and who draws how much. We have found out that group housing complexes and apartments in newly added areas are drawing comparatively more water. It's not illegal as it is metered, but this leads to unequal distribution of water supply,\" T Venkataraju, chief engineer, BWSSB, told TOI. EXCESS IN THANISANDRA As per the BWSSB rulebook, Bangalore is considered an international city and its litre per capita day (LPCD) should be 150, whereas in reality, it varies from 0-293 LPCD across 198 wards in the city. Interestingly, Thanisandra records the highest LPCD of 293 litres per person per day, but barring the apartment with one metered connection, none of the other households get Cauvery water supply. \"These are the little ironies we have started noticing after the LPCD survey. We have decided to conduct this assessment every month to cut down unequal distribution of water,\" said Venkataraju. Interestingly, wards like Ramamurthy Nagar, Horamavu, Jakkur, Herohalli, Basavanapura, Rajagopala Nagar and Doddabidarakallu on the city outskirts have no metered connections as BWSSB is yet to supply Cauvery water. Contrast this with BDA layouts like OMBR Layout, HRBR Layout near Banaswadi, JP Nagar, Dollar's Colony near Radhakrishna Temple ward, which have a large number of metered connections as the layouts are comparatively networked and water spillage through illegal connections is low. \"From now on, whenever any corporator complains about disparity of water supply in their ward, we have the statistics to show the exact number of metered connections in their wards. This data will be shared with all 198 corporators. They must join hands with BWSSB to weed out illegal connections and regularize them. Not all property owners in the city are drawing water legally,\" said Venkataraju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104704", "title": "CIC gets 3 new information commissioners", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief information commissioner Satyananda Misra administered oath of office to three new information commissioners on Thursday.Former IB chief Rajiv Mathur, former environment secretary Vijai Sharma and Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director Basant Seth were appointed new information commissioners recently by the government.A panel, headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , which included law minister Salman Khurshid and leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj had selected the new information commissioners.According to the RTI Act, the total strength of the transparency panel is a chief information commissioner and 10 central information commissioners. With the new inductions, the number of information commissioners will be eight.Mathur, a 1972 batch IPS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, served IB for nearly three decades including 15 years in Washington. He took over the reins of the agency in January 2009, before retiring on December 31, 2010.Sharma, a 1974 batch IAS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, was secretary in the environment ministry before his superannuation in December 2010.Seth, the CMD of Syndicate Bank, Bangalore, has held senior positions in Small Industries Development Bank and Bank of India .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12108572", "title": "Freida Pinto had a brush with suicide bomber", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Actress Freida Pinto says she had a terrifying brush with a suicide bomber while filming a TV show in Afghanistan.Before finding fame with her role in multi-Oscar winning 2008 movie 'Slumdog Millionaire', the Indian beauty was a presenter on Zee TV's travel show Full Circle.She headed to Afghanistan in 2006 for a report on the region's tourism hotspots - but was left shaken when she had to flee a street after a suicide bomber was spotted in a nearby car, reported Esquire.\"We were on our way to one of the temples in Kabul, and we saw these people standing around, staring at this car, their arms folded. They calmly asked us to go the other way... The guy said, 'You see that little red car? There's a suicide bomber in that car, and it's going to go off anytime.'\"He was so matter-of-fact... It was so sad. No one even knew who (the bomber) was. I don't know if there was an explosion. We left the scene,\" said Pinto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12106317", "title": "Traffic cops make film to spread awareness", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district traffic police are going to make a documentary film to create awareness among motorists, particularly youngsters, about the fatal consequences of breaking rules.The one-and-a-half hour film titled \"Sorry Maa\" revolves around a young schoolboy who overlooks his mother's request to wear a helmet and dies in a road accident. About 40 students of different English medium schools have acted in the film directed by Saurabh Suman Jha.\"The sole purpose is to make youngsters aware of the fatal consequences of violating Sorry Maa,\" said G N Singh, deputy superintendent, traffic police.In the wake of increasing traffic and accidents, the traffic police have been carrying out awareness drives for long but it is for the first time the department has produced a film. In 2009, 171 people were killed in accidents, while in 2010 the figure reached 188. However, in 2011, 160 people died in accidents.\"The compact disc of this movie (Sorry Maa) will be sent to all the 40 odd English schools for screening to educate students,\" said Singh, who has written the script.Students of Gulmohar School, Loyola School, Little Flower School, Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Kerala Public School, Kadma, DBMS, Sacred Heart Convent and Hill Top have acted in the film.\"Parents of children who acted and their respective principals have extended full support to the production house,\" said Singh, who managed the finance for the film from his family and friends.Incidentally, by the end of the shooting, nearly all the artistes ended up wearing helmets.\"Hopefully, this film will inspire the people to honour traffic rules provided every family watches it,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105419", "title": "MP Board exams begin on a dark note", "text": "BHOPAL: The Class XII examinations conducted by the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) began in the state capital on a dark note on Thursday. Power cuts forced the students in several schools in the old Bhopal locality to write the exams in poor light conditions.When the issue was taken up with the power discom officials they tried to wash off their hands by passing the buck saying the school authorities should have brought about it to their notice in advance.There was a power cut in the morning hours in old Bhopal localities of Jehangirabad, Shahjehanabad, Talleya among others. The schools affected by the power cut during examinations were Anand Vidya Mandir Higher Secondary School, Maharana Pratap Higher Secondary School, Ubediya Higher Secondary School, Government Hamidia Boys Higher Secondary School and Model Higher Secondary School Shahjahanabad. The duration of the examination was from 8.30 am to 11.30 am.Mohan Singh Yadav, general manager City Circle, Madhya Pradesh Electricity Board (MPEB) said, \"I am not aware about any power cut in the city area but if the school authorities would have been proactive and brought it to our notice we would surely have taken required action.\"He said, \"Developmental works worth Rs 200 crore are being undertaken for upgradation of existing power system in the city. The power cut may have been either because of that or some local problem\".The Chief Minister had recently instructed in a video conference recently that constant power supply should be ensured during the examinations and there should be no power cuts. He had directed for 11 hours power supply at the village level, 16 hours at tehsil level, 20 hours for district level and 24 hours for divisional head quarters.Joint Director Public Instructions DS Kushwaha said, \"The matter would be taken at the appropriate level. It would be ensured that students do not have to face a similar problem again.\"The principal of Anand Vidya Mandir Higher Secondary School, Jehangirabad Pradeep Shrivastava had called up MPEB officials as there was no power during the examinations and student were highly discomfited. \"When I called the officials and informed them about power disruption at the schools during examinations, they feigned ignorance\".On Thursday class XII exams of MPBSE commenced with special language Hindi paper. No cases relating to use of unfair means in examination was registered in Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106457", "title": "Man pays for merging flats without BMC nod", "text": "MUMBAI: Think twice before making alterations to your flat or merging your apartment with the adjacent one you have recently bought without taking the authorities' permission.A metropolitan magistrate's court held Dahisar resident Seigfred Mendosa (44) guilty of merging two flats without BMC permission and fined him Rs 10,000. \"There is independent evidence (information under RTI) that no permission was granted to the accused for the amalgamation of flats,\" ruled metropolitan magistrate P G Bhosale of the Vile Parle court. \"I hold the accused guilty.\" The fine can be anything between Rs 5,000 and Rs 25,000, but the judge said he \"would try to keep a balance by imposing a reasonable amount\" .Admitting that he had indeed merged two flats before receiving the occupation certificate , Mendosa told TOI, \"I have paid the fine amount and rectified the changes as I did not want my family to suffer.\" Under section 347 (c) of the BMC Act, no alteration can be made to a residential building , plans for which have been approved by the corporation. Once a plan is sanctioned and flats built, any change-be it setting up a partition, demolishing walls, merging flats or using a residential apartment flat as a warehouse-require the permission of the civic chief, according to lawyers.Mendonsa, a resident of Raghuvihar Cooperative Housing Society in Dahisar (W), had merged two flats. In May 2010, his neighbour K J Sebastian lodged a complaint with the BMC and also stated that Mendonsa had built a door to connect the drawing rooms of the two flats. Further, without the BMC's nod, a bathroom in one of the flats was turned into a kitchen, Sebastian said. When BMC delayed taking action against Mendosa, Sebastain filed a query under the RTI Act, which goaded the corporation to issue a notice to the accused. The BMC lodged a case before the metropolitan magistrate, when Mendonsa failed to comply with its notice to restore the flats to its original condition.Mendonsa alleged that Sebastian had complained as they were on bad terms. He also said Sebastian himself had not paid maintenance charges. But the court pointed at evidence submitted by the BMC that showed Mendonsa had merged the flats without permission, even as it held that the accused had flouted rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "12109303", "title": "Tata DoCoMo, Exent to offer Android games", "text": "JERUSALEM: Tata DoCoMo and Israel's Exent, games-on-demand provider, are partnering to offer India's Android users mobile game subscription services, a media report said.Exent will provide Tata's communications division with mobile game-service management technology, Ynetnews quoted from an agreement announced by the two companies at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona this week.The agreement will bring Indian Android users all-you-can-eat subscription services for a variety of games on Google's operating system, Android, without having to download the applications, the news portal said.Exent, established in 1992, develops game distribution channels for end users via cellular providers and broadband carriers and provides free, ad-supported offerings.The Israeli company has so far raised about $35 million from investors such as Cisco and Intel Capital.However, a business daily, Calcalist recently reported that Exent was forced to lay off 35 of its employees after hi-tech major Verizon broke its agreement with the Israeli company.The tie-up with Tata's is likely to offset Exent's damages from the Verizon deal, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106131", "title": "Police draw flak for not providing records", "text": "KANPUR: The efforts by the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) to get details of third accused Salim in 39-year-old RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case might not yield desired results. The city police are receiving brickbats from all quarters for failing to provide details regarding Salim. Till date, the cops have tried everything but without success.Besides questioning Irfan, who feigned ignorance about Salim's background and whereabouts, the police have roped in informers to get clues of the latter's connection with Shehla murder case.The policemen have no detail of Salim, who along with Irfan alias Shyam and Shanu Olanga, had allegedly eliminated Masood in front of her upscale Koh-e-Fiza residence in Bhopal on August 16, 2011.According to STF officer, the police have no photograph of even slain main shooter Shanu Olanga, despite the fact that he was in custody several times in the past, before being gunned down by two assailants near the DIG bungalow on VIP Road on November 30, 2011, three months after Shehla's murder.Police sources said that on the directives of CBI, several teams have been sent to the possible hideouts of Salim in Agra, where he is known to be running his business of raw leather. The CBI had also sought details from the police of the two killers, whose photographs were clicked by passers-by shortly after the murder of Shanu Olanga. The central agency had also asked details of other criminals like Monu Pahadi and Rais Banarsi, who were named in the FIR by Olanga's father Israr Ahmed, a resident of Hiraman Ka Purwa soon after his killing.\"If the police had this record, then they could have provided the details of Shanu Olanga and Salim to the investigating agencies in a much better way,\" the STF officer added. As soon as the CBI sleuths came to know about Kanpur hitmen Irfan alias Shyam, Shanu Olanga and Salim, they asked the city police to provide detailed information on listed history-sheeters and their photographs. According to STF officials, Irfan, who was arrested from the Talaq Mahal area in Beconganj on Tuesday night, had initially refused to eliminate RTI activist Shahela Masood on the ground that his conscious does not allow him to kill a woman.Later, he even had a scuffle with Shanu Olanga over the issue and the latter took the task in his hands. However, Irfan was later contacted by woman architect Zahida Pervez on several occasions after she came to know about his disinterest in eliminating RTI activist Shehla Masood. She convinced him for the task by stating that Shehla was not a good woman and a disgrace for the society as well as religion.Zahida told him about Shehla's character besides her illicit relations some white-collared people, including her husband and several politicians and bureaucrats in Bhopal. Irfan told the STF sleuths that a contract of Rs 3 lakh was fixed and an initial amount of Rs 2 lakh was paid to Shanu with the promise that the rest of would be given after the killing. He claimed the remaining Rs 1 lakh was never paid.The three were handed over the advance amount of Rs 2 lakh by Zahida, travelling in a black vehicle near a private nursing home in Bhopal prior to the murder of Masood. After accomplishing the task, Irfan, Shanu Olanga and Salim had abandoned their two-wheeler near Hamidia Hospital in Bhopal and boarded a Kanpur-bound train. Shanu Olanga and Salim got down from the train at Jhansi railway station. Irfan returned to the city.During their stay in Bhopal, a local drug-peddler Bablu Chonga had made their food and lodging arrangements. Irfan's father Ghulam Ali, a resident of Heeraman Ka Purwa, is into ready-made garment business while his elder brother is working in West Asia and his younger brother Farman is assisting his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12109522", "title": "XIC holds a seminar on Job vs Passion", "text": "MUMBAI: Xavier Institute of Communication, in collaboration with Birla Sun Life, organised a seminar titled 'Job vs Passion' on Feb 24, 2012. The purpose of the discussion was to enlighten students (and their parents) that one does not need to give up their passion to make a living.The event was open to the entire Xavier's community, including the Xavier's school, college, postgraduate students, as well as the parents. The discussion featured panelists from diverse fields giving the audience a balanced perspective of the topic being discussed. The panelists comprised of :Fr. Lawrence Ferrao, director of XIC TJ Ravishankar, researcher with Tata Consultancy Services and lecturer at XIC Ajay Kakar, chief marketing officer, Birla Sun Life Rajit Kapoor, famous theatre and cinema personality Jehangir jehangir (JJ), member of the band 'Something Relevant' Angello Diaz, managing director, TapRoot India and winner of the Communicator of the Decade awardThe varied panel discussed their personal stories. Some had followed their dreams while some took up jobs and then either learned to love it or switched to something they love. Said Kakar, \"After flowing with the tide for many years, I read an article on PR one day which changed my life. It was an interview with someone from Ogilvy. I didn't know what Ogilvy was at that time but I cold-called the CEO and spoke to him. Now, I can't imagine doing anything but where my heart lies.\" \"I used to ask everyone for advice and was very confused. At the end of the day, you have to take your own decision,\" added JJ.The main conclusion which everyone came to was that passion is extremely important for any job. Added Fr. Lawrence, \"Everyone says that you should follow your passion. But what is passion? Is it wanting a better cellphone than someone else? That is not passion. Passion is when you are confused about a certain thing, but still something is pulling you towards it.\" It is possible to do well for yourself (both financially and otherwise) by choosing to follow your passion and not falling into a regular job.It was an interesting and enlightening discussion which provided food for thought for many of the students and parents present in the audience. \"If, from a very young age, you are absolutely sure of what you want to do, there is something wrong with you. All good things arrive out of confusion,\" concluded Diaz.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12109003", "title": "Goa goes to polls on Saturday", "text": "PANAJI: Elections to the 40-member Legislative Assembly in Goa would be held tomorrow, where 10.25 lakh voters will decide the fate of 215 candidates, including nine women and 74 independents in the fray.The coastal state is the first in the country to adopt Poll Monitoring System in the assembly elections. Under the system, photographs and fingerprints of all voters will be captured on computers.The voting will begin from 7 AM and would be held at 1612 polling booths with 10,644 poll personnel on duty.Joint Chief Electoral Officer Narayan Navti said all measures have been taken to ensure a fair and free election in the state.He said a total of 3526 local policemen along with companies of para military forces have been deployed to prevent any lawlessness.The list of sensitive and hyper sensitive constituencies have already been drawn up. The areas of St Cruz and Chimbel, adjoining Panaji city have been declared as troubled, where police presence is thick.The Election Commission has also identified 180 critical and vulnerable polling booths in the state, which will be kept under special supervision of micro observers.While the actual fight is set to be between Congress-NCP and BJP-MGP, the introduction of Trinamool might spring political surprises in many constituencies.The 2012 election might come out with some surprising verdicts as the Congress is facing internal rift. While several senior leaders from Congress party are upset over ticket distribution and are contesting as independents, BJP in alliance with MGP might gain.Leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar is seeking re-election from Panaji constituency and Chief Minister Digamber Kamat from Margao.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105755", "title": "Play loud music after 10pm on Holi eve and face the music", "text": "INDORE: Holi revellers will not be allowed to play loud music that put others to inconvenience after 10 pm. It was decided at a meeting of the peace committee on Thursday. The decision was taken to ensure that the Holi festival is celebrated in peaceful manner. Many issues related to law and order came up for discussion.District collector Raghvendra Singh said, \"After Holika dehan, it has been observed that many times revellers play loud music all through night causing disturbance to elders or students preparing for examinations,\" Singh said, adding it would not be permitted. Anybody disobeying orders would be liable for strict action, if they play music or DJ after 10 pm.The team members of Peace Committee also raised the issue of Holikas being burned in middle of the centre of crossings. The members suggested the district administration to find a solution to this, and convince the revellers to burn the Holikas on road sides so that there is no hindrance to traffic movement. The district administration has ordered the video recording of the procession. A huge procession with thousands of revellers participating in it is taken out in the city in the holy festival mainly near Rajwada and other places. The district administration is contemplating to whether keep liquor shops closed for a few hours on the second day of Holi, when colours are played. \"A decision may be taken to keep shops closed on the second day of the Holi for a few hours for safety and security measures,\" said the collector. Representatives from religious groups, political parties, senior officials of district administration and police officials were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "male", "code": "12105595", "title": "Protesters block Maldives president maiden House speech", "text": "MALE: Maldivian parliament on Thursday witnessed scuffles and angry exchanges as lawmakers of former president Mohammed Nasheed's party disrupted proceedings and prevented the new president from delivering his maiden address, in what was described as a \"sad day\" in the country's history.High drama was witnessed in the Majlis, even as protesters hit the streets of the capital and clashed with police, deepening the political crisis in the country.The proceedings of the Majlis began on a stormy note and even before president Mohammed Waheed came to parliament chambers, the Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) members removed his chair as well as that of his cabinet ministers and shouted slogans demanding his resignation.Waheed, who was scheduled to deliver the Peoples' Majlis opening address, was forced to retreat to the waiting room. As per the constitution here, the president must address the lawmakers and officially open a new parliamentary session after a change in leadership.Speaker Abdulla Shahid said he was mobbed to the ground by the agitating lawmakers and sustained injuries, describing it a \"very sad day\" in the history of the Majlis . Opposition MPs also grabbed the Speaker's chair during angry scuffles and pictures released from inside showed MDP MPs blocking the doors and sitting on the Speaker's bench.Opposition legislators carrying placards that called Waheed a \"traitor\" also blocked the Speaker's entrance to the building.With Nasheed loyalists showing no signs of relenting, some of his party members were forcibly removed from the Majlis Chamber.However, chaos persisted and the Speaker postponed the meeting indefinitely, criticising the unruly behaviour of the MDP lawmakers at a press conference.Some television channels telecast the unruly scenes in the parliament and even the National Flag was shown dropping to the ground in the melee. The chaotic day ended without the president being able to deliver the presidential address, even as MDP supporters clashed with the police outside the parliament . The protesters threw stones and wood bricks and petrol was splashed on some police officials.At least 34 protesters were arrested including, Nazim Sattar, Nasheed's younger brother while 14 police officers were also injured in the clashes, including four seriously, police said. Some of the shops belonging to supporters of the current government were vandalized. A motorcycle being driven by two police officers was also set ablaze after a group of protesters stopped the duo and assaulted them, sources said.The parliament session was scheduled to begin on Thursday, less than a month after the then president Nasheed resigned paving the way for his vice-president Waheed to be sworn in as the new head of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12104088", "title": "Manganese Ore India Limited plans to coal mining", "text": "NAGPUR: Coal India Limited (CIL) may have some competition from another public sector undertaking (PSU). City-based miniratna PSU, Manganese Ore India Limited (MOIL), which was listed last year, is now planning to diversify into coal mining.A part of its moves after getting listed, MOIL is firming up plans to bid for coal blocks. Though it may not emerge as big as CIL or even any of its subsidiaries, it's eyeing reserves which may last at least 20 odd years. It also plans to mine chromite, a metal also used in the steel industry, along with manganese apart from mining phosphate which is used in fertilizer manufacturing.MOIL had earlier made attempts to get a permit for coal mining, but could not get the go-ahead. In 2000, when the proposal was put up before the ministry of steel, under whose jurisdiction MOIL comes, it was turned down.\"The second time MOIL sent an application to the coal ministry but the proposal is still pending,\" said an official. Finally, with the bidding policy for coal blocks in place, MOIL plans to become a serious contender.\"Bidding appears to be an open and fair means of getting coal blocks and being a business entity, MOIL can also participate in the process,\" said the source.\"It's an open market and diversification is the need of the hour. Why should the company stick to just one commodity only because it is a PSU. A change in strategy to ensure better profits is needed after shares are offered to the public,\" the source said. Mining may be done by tying up with a private entity.MOIL is coming up with a Ferro alloy plant in a joint venture with Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) and Rahstriya Ispat Limited, which will need coal too. However, basically coal mining is being taken as a move to enter markets rather the self use, a senior official said.MOIL is also eyeing manganese blocks abroad. However, it is yet to get the desired results. There have been offers from countries like South Africa , Australia, Gabon and Turkey . However, after studying the geological data, it was often found that the reserves are far less than the claims made by vendors.In some cases, the relevant documents substantiating the claims were not put up at all. In most of the cases the deals were brokered by Indian agents.So far the company has been only responding to offers from various agents. It now plans to shortlist the foreign blocks on its own and make an offer to the prospective buyer and not vice versa.The object behind acquiring foreign blocks is to conserve the country's resources. Currently, MOIL has 10 mines which have reserves estimated to last 28-30 yeas. Although there are resources which may last 70-odd years, the estimates are made only on the basis of the mineable quantum. With most of fresh reserves found in forest areas, there is little chance of starting fresh mines in India. Manganese is used as an additive to strengthen steel products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12106498", "title": "Veda department\u2019s HoD at BHU resigns from headship", "text": "VARANASI: Facing charges of manhandling and exploitation from a research scholar, the head of Veda department, Harishwar Dixit resigned from the headship on Thursday. The charged were levelled during the recent 'All India Vedic Sammelan', organised by the department.The dean of the faculty has been given the additional charge of headship till the appointment of new head of the department. Research scholar Anand Dutt Jha has been given the option of choosing other guide to carry the research work.Dixit offered resignation after failing to convince varsity administration when he was called to present his case in the meeting held under the chairmanship of BHU vicechancellor Lalji Singh on Wednesday evening.The development also ended the 24-hour sit-in staged by BHU students in front of Sanskrit Block of Ruiya Hostel. The students supported by Student Council in the varsity had also boycott the classes, demanding immediate action in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106132", "title": "Pickpockets make most of Vidya Balan's 'Kahani'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vidya Balan, who hit the promotional trail for her upcoming flick, evoked many reactions from her fans here when she appeared at a city mall in Satellite on Wednesday. However, one of the reactions was of shock for many as they lost their mobile phones and valuables at the venue. Police apathy added to the victims' woes, who again approached policemen on Thursday and gave applications for the theft.Satellite police said that Vidya Balan had come to the city on Wednesday evening and interacted with the fans. Hundreds of citizens tried to fit into a small space due to which commotion took place later in the event. During those moments, many lost their valuables and cellphones. While victims claim their number to be at least 20, cops have received four complaints. \"When we approached police, they refused to register complaint and asked us to give leave applications with them even as we lost more than Rs 30,000,\" said one of the victims.Police officials aid that they had asked the mall officials to look for the missing goods and have also asked for CCTV footage of the spot to ascertain whether the valuables were stolen or missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104031", "title": "Keenan-Reuben case fast-tracked", "text": "MUMBAI: Four months after the Amboli double murder caused outrage in the city, the case was committed to a fast track in the Sewri sessions court on Wednesday. The matter will be heard by Judge N P Dalvi from March 14.Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W) on October 20.The duo was standing there along with some women friends when a group of men allegedly started harassing the women. Keenan and Reuben were attacked after they protested against the harassment. While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben died on October 30 in a hospital in Andheri. Keenan worked as a bartender in a five-star hotel\"The case has been committed to the fast-track court. However, charges will be framed before the trial can begin. The four accused have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using word, gesture or committing any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace, and also under sections of the Bombay Police Act,\" a police official from the D N Nagar police said. \"Ujjwal Nikam has been appointed special public prosecutor in the case,\" the officer added.The police arrested Jitendra Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival soon after the incident. They have been lodged at Arthur Road jail.In January, the police had filed a 416-page chargesheet before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate court. The police have recorded the statements of 21 witnesses, key among which are Keenan's girlfriend and other members of his group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105779", "title": "Martyr Sandeep Boriya consigned to flames", "text": "INDORE: Martyr Sepoy Sandeep Boriya was on Thursday given a tearful adieu by thousands of Indoreans here.Sepoy Boriya breathed his last fighting at the avalanche-hit Dawar post of Gurez sector on Line of Control (LoC) in north-central Kashmir five days back.The body of the martyr was flown to Indore from New Delhi at around 8.30 pm on Wednesday and later to Mhow office. Funeral procession started from his residence in Geeta Nagar on Dhar road at around 9 am. It was taken out in an army truck to Panchkuiya Muktidham via Antim Chouraha. Last rites were performed at Muktidham crematorium with full military honours.A large number of Indoreans showered petals on him enroute and gathered at the crematorium to pay tributes to the martyr. Slogans like \" Shahid Sandeep Amar Rahe,\" \"Vande Mataram\" and \"Bharat Mata Ki Jai\" filled the air as the sepoy's body wrapped in tricolour reached the crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108481", "title": "It's a beautiful feeling to be married: Urvashi Sharma", "text": "Actress Urvashi Sharma, who recently tied the knot with long-time boyfriend actor Sachiin Joshi in a simple family affair, is on cloud nine these days.Ask the actress, who is all set for her grand wedding reception scheduled to be held today at G R Marriot in Mumbai how does it feel after marriage and she says, \"I feel out of this world, wonderful and there's a beautiful feeling to be a married woman. I'm going through a different life now.\" Then why such a low profile wedding? Urvashi reveals: \"I wanted my wedding to be a very private affair with just our parents, family members, cousins and close friends with simple pheras, s o we went for it. But our reception today is gonna be a grand one.\" What this newly-wed bride would wear on this very special occasion? To this, she says: \"Sachiin wanted me to go for some Indian outfit. So one of my very close designer friends Meeta Malhotra has designed a beautiful lehanga for me and I'll be wearing that. And my husband Sachiin will go for a jodhpuri .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104886", "title": "76,000 cases up for settlement at Maha Lokadalat", "text": "PUNE: The Pune district legal service authority (PDLSA) will keep 76,109 cases for settlement at the Maha Lokadalat at the district and sessions court here on March 4. The lokadalat organised under the guidance of PDLSA chairman and principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar aims to provide speedy justice to litigants.This will help them settle disputes faster than fighting legal battles for years together with no signs of getting justice. The lokadalat has been organised between 10.30 am and 5.30 pm on a working day, since the idea is to encourage large number of litigants to come forward, said additional sessions judge S P Tawde at a news conference on Thursday.PDLSA secretary R K Malabade, assistant sessions judge R H Mohammad, chief judicial magistrate Nanadevi Ghadge and district government pleader Ujjwala Pawar were present on the occasion. The PDLSA had settled 30,156 cases in the Lokadalat held in September 2011.According to Tawde, PDLSA officials had held series of meetings since December 2011 with senior police officials and government departments to serve notices on respective parties and encourage litigants to settle disputes particularly in cases of land acquisition. The district court had a pendency of 4.43 lakh cases in 2011 that declined to 3.88 lakh cases (till February 29) due to the cases being settled in lokadalats and loknyayalayas.Simultaneously, the Pune Bar Association officials, headed by its president Dhananjay Taur, have played a key role by appealing to lawyers to encourage their clients to approach the lokadalats and loknyayalayas. Tawde said the cases which will come up for settlement are civil, criminal, cheque bounce, toll evasion, motor accident claims, land reference and pre-litigations.Around 100 panels will be set-up in the district to assist litigants in settling disputes. The lokadalat will see settlement of 42,364 at the district court, while 33,745 cases will be kept for settlement at the family courts, labour and industrial courts, charity commissioner, taluka courts, Pune and Khadki cantonment courts, PMC, Akurdi, Pune and Daund railway courts and juvenile courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105093", "title": "Five sentenced for killing 71-yr-old", "text": "KOLKATA: Five of the six accused in the 2005 murder case of 71-year-old Lakshmi Sundaram, were convicted by the court on Thursday. Sarwar Hussain, Sheikh Jahid, Raju Wilson and Suresh Naik have been sentenced for life while Albert Parera has been awarded a 10-year jail term.\"The sixth accused, Anup Jadav, is being tried by the juvenile justice board as he was a minor when the crime took place,\" said joint CP (crime) Damayanti Sen.Lakshmi Sundaram lived alone in her third-floor apartment on Bishop Lefroy Road. She was found dead in her flat on June 9, 2005. The assailants had barged into the house, gagged and tied up the elderly woman and robbed the house and fled.The anti dacoity and robbery wing of the detective department had taken up the case. The investigating officer was Shyamal Roy. During investigation, it was revealed that Raju Wilson of Loudon Street was the mastermind of the robbery and he came to know from Anup that Sundaram lived alone. Raju later roped in friends Jahid, Sarwar, Albert and Suresh.The gang raided the apartment posing as courier boys. Once they gained entry and gagged and tied up the 71-year-old, they mercilessly dragged her from one room to another and forced her to open lockers and almirahs. They left the house after some time, leaving the woman to die. They had looted gold ornament worth more than Rs 3 lakh and $12 among other articles.Sundaram's two sons lived abroad while her daughter lived in Mumbai. The widow lived alone after the death of her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12104539", "title": "Mobile phones tactfully used for Bhanwari murder", "text": "JODHPUR: Bishna Ram Bishnoi, who was assigned the task of killing and disposing Bhanwari Devi in a way that no traces of her could ever be found, had backed out twice from the job before her murder. Both the times, Sahi Ram Bishnoi convinced him that there was nothing to be scared and that everything was going as per the plan.As per the plan, Bishna Ram was told that Bhanwari would be there with Sohan Lal Bishnoi and that she would be handed over alive to him. But seeing another car bearing Shahabuddin and Balia along with Sohan Lal's car, he, smelling rat, proceeded instead of halting despite indication of Sohan Lal.Similarly, when Sahi Ram told him that Bhanwari has been killed by Sohan Lal, Shahabuddin and Balia, he again refused to accept her body. But again Sahi Ram convinced him.After receiving the body of Bhanwari near Osian Road, his next concern was to dispose of her body in a manner that no trace of it could ever be found. And for this, he called his brother Om Prakash to Rawla Pulia in Jaloda village near Rajiv Gandhi Lift Canal, where Bishna Ram along with Kailash Jakhar and Ashok Bishnoi reached at 12.30 am and directed Ashok and Om Prakash, who had reached there by then, to arrange wood and petrol/diesel.After getting assurance from Bishna Ram that nothing could be traced, Sahiram conveyed the message to Mahipal Maderna in person at his residence in Jaipur and also to Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin, that nothing to worry about.The entire plan was executed through meticulous use of mobile phones right from Sohan Lal to Bishna Ram and his gang member. Sohan Lal had obtained a different number 7742688399 with a view to coordinate his plan, whereas his usual number 8094129000 was also with him. At 3.30 pm on the same day, he replaced his usual number with his son Pukh Raj's number 8094329000, on which, Paras Ram Bishnoi had spoken to him next morning after Bhanwari was killed.Similarly, Shahabuddin was also using a different number 8432322195 for communication with Sohan Lal and Bhanwari, which was obtained on the fake documents of some Jairam, who used to work at Shahabuddin's garage. Likewise, Balia also was using the number he had looted from a person.It was a herculean task for the CBI to crack this maze of fake mobile numbers. Even the Bishna Ram Bishnoi gang did not use their regular number and before leaving for the task, they all left their mobile phones at their home. Right from starting to receive Bhanwari Devi from Sohan Lal to even after the disposal of her corpus, Bishna Ram used the phones of 9 persons en route in order to avoid to be traced, 1 of which had been used by him to confirm the disposal of the corpus to Sahi Ram, when he along with Kailash Jakhar were bathing in the same canal, they had disposed of the remains and belongings of Bhanwari Devi.Sohan Lal was so meticulous in laying this maze of phone numbers that it was very difficult for the investigative agency to connect the links on the basis of the locations of these mobile numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12103951", "title": "This year, students of management offered less", "text": "MUMBAI: The average annual domestic salary offered to students of the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies has fallen when compared to last year from Rs15.54 lakh to Rs14.9 lakh. The best offer that was made this year too has plummeted by Rs2 lakh even though the city's premier B-school invited more companies than last year.2011-12 was predicted as a 'doom year' for economic growth and experts compared it to the year of global depression that has passed by. But this year may not be as worse as the forecast. For instance, when the class of 2009 passed out, most of the 98 companies that landed up on campus offered a salary in the range of Rs10.72 lakh, which was lower than the fancy compensation packages management students were spoilt for.A year before the bad times set in, the class of 2008 had partied over their Rs13.84 lakh average annual salary. Between those two years, even the highest salary offered dropped from Rs29 lakh to Rs18 lakh a year.\"It isn't a bad year. Overall, we feel it is good as compared to other B-schools, but yes, companies are being cautious and some did not turn up. Last year, Oliver Wyman was the highest payer. But this time we believe it did not visit any campus for recruitment,\" said Stephen D'Silva, JBIMS director.Five international companies picked JBIMS students last year; this year merely two organizations came to hire students from this campus. Banking, financial services and insurance recruited the largest pool of students (33%), followed by FMCG and pharma companies (24%) and consulting and IT firms (15%). There were some recruiters who chose to visit JBIMS for the first time: Google, Aditya Birla Group , Amazon and Michael Page International .Sagar Naik (25), a fresh JBIMS graduate, who suffers from post-polio paralysis, will go on to work for Gadhia Solar Systems, which is in the renewable energy space. \"I will work in the sales-marketing section and will double up as a research analyst. I sat for three interview sessions, but I am glad to have bagged this job,\" said Naik.For other city B-schools, the scenario is similar. S P Jain Institute of Management and Research, which came out with their final placement report last week, saw an increase in the highest salary drawn by their students and even in the average salary offer made on the campus. Abbasali Gabula, deputy director (external relations and administration), said, \"We have had a good placement session this year. More than 51% has offers of Rs15 lakh and more. Even the median salary for the 176 candidates was around Rs15.25 lakh, almost Rsl lakh higher than last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12107119", "title": "Freida Pinto had a brush with suicide bomber", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Actress Freida Pinto says she had a terrifying brush with a suicide bomber while filming a TV show in Afghanistan.Before finding fame with her role in multi-Oscar winning 2008 movie 'Slumdog Millionaire', the Indian beauty was a presenter on Zee TV's travel show Full Circle.She headed to Afghanistan in 2006 for a report on the region's tourism hotspots - but was left shaken when she had to flee a street after a suicide bomber was spotted in a nearby car, reported Esquire.\"We were on our way to one of the temples in Kabul , and we saw these people standing around, staring at this car, their arms folded. They calmly asked us to go the other way... The guy said, 'You see that little red car? There's a suicide bomber in that car, and it's going to go off anytime.'\"He was so matter-of-fact... It was so sad. No one even knew who (the bomber) was. I don't know if there was an explosion. We left the scene,\" said Pinto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103643", "title": "Congress tells Mamata to take governor's concern on rape spiral seriously", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday asked the West Bengal government to take seriously governor M K Narayanan's concern about the incidents of rape recently reported from the state, in what could rile the party's increasingly restive ally Mamata Banerjee.\"Governor is sitting on a constitutional position, if he comments on any issue he should be taken seriously,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, aiming a putdown at the belligerent ally for the second straight day.Earlier in the day, Narayanan told reporters in Kolkata, \"Bengal used to be one of the safest places in the country. Now, the rapes are not being indulged by outsiders but people from Bengal. I think it is the duty of all of us to protect our women and children.\"Although the governor cautioned against the rapes being sensationalized, his remarks appeared to be at odds with Banerjee's complaints that incidents of rapes had been \"staged by Left to malign her government\".However, this did not seem to faze Tewari as he said the governor's remarks were perfectly legit, displaying a boldness that seemed to be missing until January when the Trinamool boss relentlessly piled on provocations on Congress, thwarting successive UPA initiatives -- from Teesta water accord with Bangladesh and FDI in multi-brand retail to National Counter-Terrorism Centre.The new-found assertiveness is significant as it seems to reflect the school in Congress which chafe at Banerjee's aggression, feeling that the terms of trade between the partners have become grossly skewed in her favour as well as that it is high time they are revised.Tewari had on Wednesday seemed to mock Banerjee when he told non-Congress chief ministers to take their protests against amendments in the Railway Protection Force Act to the Trinamool-controlled railway ministry. It was Congress's way of getting its own back at Banerjee who led the resistance of non-Congress CMs to the NCTC on the ground that it was an assault on \"federal structure\".Many members of the same set of CMs have now objected to the changes proposed in the RPF Act on the very same ground they cited to justify their opposition to NCTC -- encroachment on the jurisdiction of states.Viewed along with the way Congress rebutted West Bengal government's allegations of denial of central funds, Tewari's jibes at Banerjee on two consecutive days seem to underline its readiness to at least bark back.Although a party functionary sought to make light of the endorsement as \"friendly retaliation\", sources said the spokesperson's remarks were also an indication that the leadership's patience with the troublesome ally had worn thin. The compulsions because of which Congress has to wink at Banerjee's belligerence - support of her 19 representatives in Lok Sabha and the looming presidential elections -- still remain valid.But the party, deeply suspicious of Banerjee's intent by now, is not sure that persisting with the \"appeasement\" will deter her from springing a nasty surprise, and is veering round to find ways to deny her the satisfaction of ambushing the UPA government. \"We don't want to precipitate matters, certainly not before the presidential polls. However, a well-calibrated plan for response is being readied,\" said a senior party source who has been involved in some tense negotiations with the West Bengal chief minister.Rising tensions with Trinamool is also the reason some in Congress are ready to take the party's professed \"no truck with Samajwadis\" stand at face value. Party sources feel that SP with 22 MPs can buffer the government against an open confrontation with Trinamool, and feel that the Congress will be constrained to reach out to Mulayam Singh Yadav after the poll-induced tensions have subsided under a brief spell of President's rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103982", "title": "Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto to run daily before railway budget", "text": "NAGPUR: Like it happened elsewhere in the state a couple of days ago, only two of the 20 MPs invited turned up at the meeting called by the Central Railway general manager on Thursday, ahead of the railway budget to be presented on March 14.The poor turnout indicates how serious our leaders are about the development of railways in the region.BJP MP from Chandrapur Hansraj Ahir and Shiv Sena MP from Buldana Prataprao Jadhav were the only two who made it to the meeting. The Central Railway had invited 20 MPs falling under its Nagpur and Bhusawal divisions. Earlier, such meetings were held for Mumbai, Pune and Solapur divisions.Railway officials said the poor turnout might be due to a meeting of all state MPs slated to be held in Mumbai on Friday. The meeting will be chaired by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi .On last year's budget decision to make the Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express a daily train, general manager Subodh Jain said the rake, for which it held up, is ready in Mumbai. \"We are now waiting for a power car. We hope to get it in eight days. The decision will be implemented before the railway budget,\" he said.Jain said that importance to Nagpur will depend on how the city develops as an industrial base and logistically. \"Granting a couple of trains to Nagpur would not make sense. Railways will develop here if mines, industries and agriculture grow. However, as of now Nagpur is not developing in any of these areas,\" he said.The top official said railways cannot develop in isolation. \"We had expected big boost from Mihan but it is yet to go full steam,\" said Jain.On the third line between Nagpur and Sewagram, Jain said a proposal has been sent to the Railway Board but \"it'll depend on allocation of funds\".Ahir has demanded direct trains to north and south from the city. \"I will also push for railway zone in Nagpur. Several areas like Nanded and Jalna, now under South Central Railway, want to be part of the Central Railway. I told officials they shouldn't cause hurdles,\" he said.Jain said only the Parliament can take a decision on the zonal status. \"A zone depends on how network is optimized. It also depends on the interstate disparity model,\" Jain said.Ahir says, \"If Nagpur, Solapur and Bhusawal divisions of the Central Railway are clubbed, I don't think staff will have any problems, rather there will not be any interstate hassles.\"The BJP MP said Chandrapur has attained the status of 'mahanagar' and hence more trains need to halt there. Jain said that as per policy \"mail/express trains will have no stoppages between 50 kms\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104579", "title": "Independents to join hands with CPM", "text": "NASHIK: A hung house with a fractured mandate has put the spotlight on smaller parties and independents in the Nashik Municipal Corporation as they try to play kingmakers.As a first step, the CPM with three seats and six independents, who have been elected to the 122-member house, have decided to come together to set the agenda for Nashik. A meeting between the CPM and the independents is scheduled for Friday. The Janrajya Agahdi, which has won two seats, is yet to decide on joining the proposed group.The independents and the CPM said they will chalk out a common minimum programme, and whichever party or political formation agrees to implement it will be extended support to run the NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12106872", "title": "Narayana Panicker cremated with full state honours", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The body of NSS President P K Narayana Panicker was cremated with state honours at his residential premises in Vazhappally in Changanassery on Thursday evening. P N Satheesh Kumar, his eldest son, performed the last rites.Earlier, his body was brought to the NSS Headquarters at Perunna from his house around 8 in the morning . Thousands queued outside the 'NSS Prathinidhi Sabha Mandiram' where his body was kept.Chief minister Oommen Chandy , leader of opposition V S Achutanandan, union minister K C Venugopal , BJP leaders O Rajagopal and P S Sreedharan Pillai, ministers K C Joseph, V S Sivakumar, C N Balakrishnan, Shibu Baby John, K B Ganesh Kumar, K M Mani, P K Kunhalikutty , V K Ibrahim Kunju, LDF convener Vaikom Viswan, CPM leader E P Jayarajan, Ramesh Chennithala , members of Parliament Jose K Mani , P C Chacko, Anto Antony , P J Kurien and Mar Thoma Church metropolitan Philipose Mar Chrysostom and IUML state President, Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal were among those who arrived at the NSS headquarters to pay homage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12108240", "title": "AOL planning job cuts", "text": "NEW YORK: AOL Inc, the Internet company that owns the Huffington Post news website, plans to cut jobs, including workers at its AIM instant-message service, according to two people familiar with the matter.The firings will focus on technology teams in the company's Palo Alto , California office, said the people, who declined to be identified because the plans haven't been made public. The decisions on who and how many employees will be cut aren't yet final, the people said. Less than 100 workers will be affected, one person said.AOL, with 5,660 employees, is trimming costs amid declining sales. Last year, it combined its dial-up Internet access business with Web services, including AIM, into a new group reporting to Chief Financial Officer Arthur Minson. That arrangement suggested that the New York-based company wanted to impose fiscal discipline on the unit, Clayton Moran, an analyst at Benchmark Co. in Delray Beach , Florida , said in December.Jason Shellen, who runs AIM, may seek a buyout in the next few weeks, two people familiar with the matter said. Shellen joined in September 2010 when AOL bought Thing Labs Inc, a startup that creates applications that work on Twitter Inc. and Facebook Inc.Maureen Sullivan, an AOL spokeswoman, declined to comment. Shellen declined to comment in a phone interview.Executive departures Other AOL managers who have left the company in recent months include technology executive Alex Gounares, whose departure was announced this week. TechCrunch editor Erick Schonfeld also said he is leaving to pursue other opportunities. Brad Garlinghouse, who ran the applications and commerce group, stepped down last year.AOL is planning to eliminate hundreds of jobs next week, including at its Patch local Internet unit, technology news website PandoDaily reported yesterday, without saying where it got the information.The company had 1,410 workers related to Patch at the end of 2011, according to a filing. AOL has no plans to sell or spin off any part of its business, Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong said in December. The reorganized structure was meant to encourage users with AOL accounts to use more of its Web services, such as e-mail and AIM, he said at the time.AOL shares rose less than 1 per cent to $18.09 at the close in New York . The stock has risen 20 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12106076", "title": "New law makes men see red; women want ban", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Centre's decision to amend the Motor Vehicles Act and enforce traffic-related laws stringently maybe a welcome step. But the move to implement laws related to drunken driving has been greeted with anger from those who don't mind to take a peg or two in the evening. But the women feel that it is a late realization for the government that liquor is the basis of all evils.\"If the government has the courage let them close down the outlets of the Kerala State Beverages Corporation Limited (Bevco) and the bars. How the government want us to return home after consuming liquor. You cannot drive your vehicle and you cannot travel by train,'' says K Sifnesh, who works as surveyor in the city. \"Suppose I am resting at my home after taking a few pegs and someone in the house or neighbourhood develops serious illness. Imagine I am the lone person who can drive. What am I expected to do?\" he asks. Sifnesh is of the view that government should also amend the Abkari policy and start bars at walkable distance from home.Mannil Muraleedharan, a driver, says the government is taking a double standard in the issue. \"The government is opening outlets in every nook and corner because it wants the money from liquor. At the same time those who consume liquor are being viewed as despicable creatures,\" he said.He says that railways move to forbid passengers who have downed a peg or two from entering the platform is atrocious. \"The indiscriminate checking in trains where the passengers are asked to undergo breath analyser test is a demeaning experience for any person who has an iota of self-respect,\" he said.But the womenfolk seem to be enjoying the whole episodes, which they believe, is a kind of vindication of their stand. \"It is heartening to see that the government finally waking up to the threats posed by drinking. The government should sincerely implement the law because it will bring peace to the society and family,'' said Rizwana, who works in a private company.\"Let this be the first step towards total prohibition. Apart from strictly enforcing these measures, the government should also work towards total elimination of liquor,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104501", "title": "Youth held for raping neighbour\u2019s minor son", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police recently arrested a youth allegedly for raping his neighbour's 10-year-old son on Monday. The incident occurred around 8.30pm at Ganesh Nagar in Powai when the boy was going to his friend's home.The accused, Suresh Betha, hails from Bihar and resides in the same locality where the victim stays with his parents, the police said. Medical examination conducted on the victim confirmed the sexual assault. Betha (28) runs a laundry in the locality.The police are probing whether Betha had committed similar offences in the locality. He has been charged under Section 377 (unnatural offences) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106983", "title": "Cholesterol drug ups diabetes risk", "text": "MUMBAI: There may soon be changes in the labelling of widely-used cholesterollowering drugs - statins - sold in the country. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) warned that patients taking statins may face a \"small increased risk\" of higher blood-sugar levels and diabetes.Doctors here said that these warnings need to be taken seriously as Indians are at a high risk of the killer disease, but those prescribed with statins should not stop taking them.Statins, when used with diet and exercise , help to lower a person's \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Statins include blockbusters like Lipitor (atorvastatin) - the world's largest selling drug with annual sales of around $12 billion - and other brands and generic versions like simvastatin, pravastatin and rosuvastatin . The issue has been debated for years with several studies also conducted to research whether there was an increased risk of diabetes by taking statins.Says Anoop Misra, chairman of Fortis-C-DOC , \"These FDA regulations are a mixed bag of news; good news is that we don't have to monitor liver functions often; the bad news is increased diabetes in those who use statins, and in whom these drugs are universally required. \"The FDA wants drug companies to add these warnings on labels of these cholesterol-lowering drugs. The drugs regulator here is expected to follow suit within a few months in India too, experts say. There are over a dozen domestic companies including Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's , Cipla, Glenmark, Sun Pharma, Lupin, USV, Zydus and Torrent selling generic versions of the drug.But the FDA said it also wants to assure users that these medications continue to provide an important health benefit of lowering cholesterol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105569", "title": "Switching sides: Now, India to back Arab League\u2019s stand on Syria", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India having switched its stance on Syria to being more critical of the Bashar al-Assad regime, New Delhi is ready to lend considerable diplomatic clout to support the Arab League, which is driving the international community's response to the ongoing unrest in Syria.Foreign minister S M Krishna will be in Cairo on March 2, to hold comprehensive high-level talks with the Arab League troika of Qatar, Libya and Iraq. On the agenda will be three main issues - Syria, Iran and Afghanistan.Having abstained in the first UN Security Council resolution on Syria, India teamed up with Brazil and South Africa to send a diplomatic mission to Damascus to convince Assad that a political roadmap needed to be followed . However, India maintained the violence in Syria was externally infused, that Assad's opponents were financed and armed by outside forces, that it was more than a popular unrest.Almost six months later, India changed its position to become more critical of Assad's actions, following the Arab League's lead.Last week, India sent senior official Rajeev Shahare to the Friends of Syria meeting in Tunis, an early sign that New Delhi was ready to listen to different voices on the region.India's turnaround at the UN Security Council in February was the first sign that it would back the regional organization to do what they believed was best. \"It's pointless us holding out for Assad when the regional organization is asking for him to step down,\" said an Indian official . In his talks with the Jordanians and Palestinians too, Krishna reportedly came back with the sense that India would be out of step if it continued to buck the conventional wisdom. It has been the Gulf Arabs who have strongly opposed Assad.In a statement welcoming Krishna's forthcoming visit, the Arab League subtly reminded India why it was important : Trade between India and Arab nations has touched $120 billion in the past couple of years, not to speak of the huge remittances being sent back by six million Indian migrants in the Gulf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105862", "title": "Some invoke the gods for success", "text": "NEW DELHI: Standing outside examination centres many class XII students were seen flipping through their notes while many others sought blessings from their parents. Some teachers not only blessed their students but also distributed prasad for their success.Anxiety was writ large on the faces of many students, and so was hope. Tithi Dixit, who came for the English paper at Bluebells International School, Kailash Colony, seemed nervous. \"I have prepared well. Yet I am nervous as the board exams will count a lot.\"I pray that the paper is easy,\" she said. Dixit said she went to a temple before coming to the examination centre to boost her confidence.Like Dixit, 18-year-old Shivani Bhardwaj seemed terrified too. She had stayed up the whole night for lastminute revision. At another examination centre in Paschim Vihar, students were elated to see their English teachers just before the exam. Ananya Bansal, mother of a class XII student, said, \"It's so amusing how all students are vying for their teachers' attention just before the exam. This is seldom the case in the classroom. Teacher's support can do wonders for students,\" she smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104212", "title": "NCTC needed to tackle terrorism, says RR Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior NCP leader and state home minister R R Patil has supported Union home minister P Chidambaram's ambitious plan to set up a National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), saying such an organization is essential to tackle trans-national terrorism.\"It is unfortunate that a section of chief ministers have opposed the concept of NCTC. At a juncture when there is a spurt in terror violence, such an organization is essential. When it comes to national security, CMs will have to come out of party politics,\" Patil told TOI.No doubt law and order and policing are state subjects as per constitutional provisions, said Patil, but it has been found that most states were unable to tackle terrorism on their own. \"Mumbai has been the target of terrorists. We have taken stringent measures to tackle terrorism, but we know our limitations. Under such circumstances, we feel a central organization is essential,\" he said.Patil said that when the 26/11 Mumbai attacks happened, it was beyond the scope of the state to identify the source of funds of the terrorists or even find out their origin. \"We were told that the plot to attack Mumbai was hatched in Pakistan . For a state government, it was not possible to probe into the conspiracy on its own. It was necessary to take the assistance of the centre,\" he said.Patil said that other countries affected by terrorism set up centres to tackle terrorism and the results in these countries were quite encouraging. \"Look at the measures taken by the US and UK. I have been told that in these countries, they have been able to tackle the menace of terrorism to a great extent,\" Patil said.Patil, who had quit in the wake of the terror attacks, said that when it comes to the issue of security, states should not oppose any proposal of the Centre. \"The Centre will not take any decision that will harm the interest of any state. We must rise above party lines and support initiatives taken by the Centre for maintenance of internal security,\" he said.Patil also welcomed the move to amend the RPF Act to give more powers to the force. \"We are ready, but the Centre must redefine the responsibility of the RPF,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105672", "title": "Mayawati, BSP face uphill task", "text": "LUCKNOW: Situated on the northern most part of Uttar Pradesh, Bijnor is the first district, which welcomes river Ganga as it enters UP from Uttarakhand. And from here till Ballia, the eastern most district of the state, the national river travels more than 1,100 kilometres, touching 24 districts, before entering the neighbouring state of Bihar.Covering an area of little over 4,000 square kilometres, Bijnor consists of eight assembly constituencies. These include Najibabad, Nagina, Barhapur, Dhampur, Nehtaur, Bijnor, Chandpur and Noorpur. Out of these eight seats, assembly constituencies of Najibabad, Bijnor and Chandpur lie on the bank of Ganga.The district hogged limelight in 2007 assembly elections, as all the seven seats in the district were bagged by the Bahujan Samaj Party. This time apart from BSP, the prestige of Rashtriya Lok Dal is also at stake.According to 2011 Census, the population of Bijnor is 36,83,896. And unlike other districts of western UP, where female foeticide had become a rampant phenomenon leading to skewed sex ratio, the sex ratio of Bijnor jumped from 896 in 2001 Census to 913 in 2011 Census. The ditrict also improved its overall literacy rate to 70.43% since the 2001 Census. Along with some small-scale industries the district's economy rests on agriculture. The chief agricultural products are food grains, potato, tilhan and cane.A number of places of historic importance dot Bijnor. Some of these are Vidur Kuti, Kanva Ashram, Daranagar, Jahanabad, Sita's Temple, Mandawas ka Mahal and Sena ka Dawar.However, all is certainly not well with the district, as basic facilities including health and education are virtually non-existing.Narrating his woes Imran, a resident of the district says, \"In 2007, people after handing over a landlside victory to Mayawati thought that the sorry tales of affairs would change. But, nothing happened. There is no electricity in the district, roads, education and health care have completely gone for a toss.\" Similar views were also expressed by Abhilash Chaudhary, who feels that due to absence of proper health care in the district, people are forced to go to neighbouring districts.Endorsing Abhilash's point of view, Lokendra Singh, BJP candidate from Noorpur assembly constituency, says, \"The district has lost the most in the last five years. As a result development is a rare entity here. While, the BSP regime filled its coffers in Lucknow, prosperity eluded the region. Today students are forced to go to neighbouring districts to pursue higher education, while absence of basic medical facilities such as CT Scan has compelled people to go places like Meerut and Dehradun to seek treatment.\"Congress candidate from Barhapur, Husain Ansari, when contacted said, \"People of this place have forgotten what development is all about in the last five years. People want change, and I am confident that Congress will ride back to power in this region.\"Of the eight constituencies in the district, Nehtaur and Nagina are reserved for scheduled castes, while the rest of the six come under general category.In Najibabad, RLD's Abrar Alam, Tasleem of BSP and Shahid Ali Khan of Samajwadi Party are fighting to gain a lion's share of the Muslim votes, while the other challenger is Rajeev Kumar Agarwal of the BJP. In Nagina, three-time MLA Omwati Devi is contesting on a BSP ticket and is challenged by Lovekush Kumar of BJP and Manoj Kumar Paras of SP. Barhapur (known as Afzalgarh pre delimitation), which is considered to be a BJP pocket, the main contest is between Indra Dev Singh, four-time BJP MLA and sitting BSP MLA Mohd Ghazi. Dhampur presents a four-sided battle involving Anwar Jamil of Congress, sitting MLA Ashok Rana of BSP, Thakur Mool Chand Chauhan of SP and Rajendra Singh of BJP. In Bijnor assembly constituency, the battle is triangular and involves Shahnawaz Rana of RLD, Kunvar Bhartendu of BJP and Mahboob of BSP. Sitting BSP MLA Iqbal is facing challenge in Chandpur from BJP's Kavita Chaudhary and Swami Omvesh of RLD. InNoorpur, the poll battle involves Yashpal Singh of RLD, Lokendra Singh of BJP, Qutubuddin of SP and Mohd Usmaan of BSP. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105355", "title": "Vijay Sai\u2019s plea for CBI probe into IMG scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Veteran journalist ABK Prasad and chartered accountant V Vijay Sai Reddy, who is in Chanchalguda jail in connection with Jagan assets case, on Thursday filed a public interest petition in the AP High Court seeking a CBI investigation into the IMG land scam case. The TDP regime headed by N Chandrababu Naidu in February 2004 had given 850 acres of prime land as well as leasing rights of all sports stadia in the city to the Hyderabad-based firm, M/s IMG Bharata Acadamies Private Ltd. The petitioners alleged the TDP regime sold the land to the firm at a nominal price of Rs 50,000 per acre. Moreover, this major decision was taken by the care taker government, they said.Though the matter was entrusted to CBI by the state government for a detailed probe, nothing was done so far despite the fact that the land worth Rs 8000 crore war given away to a shady private entity in a non-transparent manner, they alleged. Both the political executive of the day and the bureaucracy openly conspired to loot the state, the petitioners said.The petitioners also brought to the notice of the court resource crunch cited by the CBI for not proceeding in the case. They urged the court to seek the details of resources the probe agency needed for taking up this matter. They also found fault with the probe agency for being selective in its approach. Vijaysai Reddy also mentioned his plea in the Delhi HC seeking freedom for CBI from political pulls and pressures and functional autonomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12105128", "title": "Missing Howrah girl traced to Jharkhand", "text": "HOWRAH: Four persons were arrested on Thursday in connection with the abduction of a schoolgirl, who went missing on Ferbruary 14. The 15-year-old girl was rescued from Sitarampur railway station by a special team of Howrah Police on Wednesday.A complaint was lodged after the girl, a resident of Maddhyajaipur in Liluah, went missing. After preliminary probe, police came to know that the teenager was promised a berth in a dance competition in Siliguri by her neighbour Rupa Das. Accordingly, she left for Siliguri with Rupa and two other men. On being interrogated, Rupa told police that the girl had been taken to Asansol. A team of Liluah police reached Asansol on February20. After interrogating two locals, who are part of the trafficking gang, police came to know that the victim had been trafficked to Banka district in Bihar.Acting on a tip off from another source, the police team rushed to Sitarampur and rescued the girl before she could be handed over to another gang. She was handed over to her parents on Wednesday. The girl provided police with some leads that helped them make the arrests on Thursday. Apart from Rupa and her mother, police have arrested Jamila Khatoon and Dipak Prasad, said Sukesh Jain, the deputy commissioner (headquarters) of Howrah city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106839", "title": "Day I: Drivers steer clear of e-meters", "text": "The rule making it compulsory for new autorickshaws to have e-meters came into effect on Thursday, but not a single driver turned up at the Wadala and Andheri RTOs to get these gadgets fitted into their new vehicles. RTO officials had been waiting at the test tracks in the eastern and western suburbs since 8am. Till around 11.30am, five new autos had arrived at Andheri and four at Wadala. However, all nine drivers had brought mechanical meters with them.Said an RTO official: \"The notification making e-meters mandatory for new autos was publicized through the union office and the media. But the drivers still failed to bring emeters and insisted that we affix seals on the mechanical ones.\" The inspectors issued a notice to these drivers, asking them to bring back the vehicles along with e-meters .The high court on Wednesday refused to grant an interim stay on the installation of e-meters and directed the state to file its reply within two weeks. A senior member of Rao's union told TOI that several drivers had decided to postpone the purchase of new autos by nearly a month. \"They are keeping their fingers crossed till the court pronounces its verdict,'' he said.When contacted, deputy RTO Abhay Deshpande said there was a likelihood of some auto drivers going for e-meter installation in new vehicles over the next few days. Said Subhash Dubey, a driver present at the Wadala test track, \"We are not interested in installing an expensive device, which can be easily stolen and get damaged in dust and rain.\" Another driver, Shivkumar Gupta, said the government should first hike fares.Transport department officials , however, said there would be stringent implementation of the new rule despite opposition from a section of auto drivers.Times ViewThe resistance to electronic meters shows how long the struggle for a fair ride could be. The administration should adopt a no-nonsense approach and force the rule of law. Installation of e-meters needs to be followed up with recalibration of all meters to conform to the metric system. But technology has its limitations. Only a change of attitude in the administrationto follow each and every complaint and take it to its logical conclusion-can bring about a change on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109125", "title": "Harvard Business School's new classroom in Mumbai", "text": "The amphitheatre-style classroom replicates the classrooms on Harvard Business School's Boston campusHarvard Business School (HBS) recently announced the launch of the new amphitheatre-style classroom in Mumbai, which replicates the classrooms on the school's Boston campus, giving participants and students a true Harvard Business School case-method learning experience.Built and owned by the Taj Lands End, owned by the Indian Hotels Limited, the launch of the classroom kicks off with a series of activities including research conferences and executive education programmes.Unlike the temporary spaces in Hyderabad and Mumbai where the school previously offered programmes, the new classroom, with a seating capacity of over 82 students, will offer multi-media facilities. Using the classroom, HBS faculty will offer programmes and symposia to leaders in business, government and academia on a wide range of subjects such as corporate social responsibility, building a global enterprise, and case writing and course development.\"India is a key component of Harvard Business School's global strategy,\" said Dean Nitin Nohria. \"Our aspiration is to expand our intellectual footprint by working with business, government and academic leaders from across the country, all the while contributing to important discussions about India's long-term economic growth.\"\"So many things in India are evolving with bewildering speed, there is much to learn by bringing models from the outside to India, and equally much to learn from India's development trajectory,\" says Tarun Khanna, faculty chair for HBS activities in India and director of the Harvard South Asia initiative, which engages faculty and students across the university to advance and deepen teaching and research on global issues relevant to South Asia.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106284", "title": "Now, Praful Patel takes a dig at Willy's age", "text": "Union Minister and NCP senior leader Praful Patel, talking about Dr Wilfred D'Souza, slammed the All India Trinamool Congress entry in the state, saying, \"he (Wilfred D' Souza) was first with us; I think age is catching up for him, he has reached that stage when he should have been looking after his great grand children rather than this (politics).\"Kamat takes on former friends: It's been rare to see chief minister Digambar Kamat take on the BJP. But these days, he is not mild on his former saffron colleagues. \"Tankam Bandal marpache soye zalea (they are in the habit of telling lies)\", Kamat thundered at PM Manmohan Singh's election rally at Sanquelim on Wednesday. They are promising to complete bridges in six months. \"A bridge in 6 months would probably be of \"suma\" (ropes),\" he said, much to the delight of the crowd.Porngate, again: Digambar Kamat who incidentally is the minister of art and culture for more than ten years in Goa, raised the issue of Sanksruti (culture). But it was not sanskruti in general. \"BJP is talking of sanskruti but what sanskruti was it in Karnataka assembly involving their ministers?\", he asked. \"I don't want to specify what film they were watching there. There are lot many women here. But their leaders think their Karnataka ministers didn't commit anything wrong. Here one leader said \"they were just watching, not doing!\" , Kamat said.Accept money but vote as decided, says Parrikar: Former chief minister and leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar has advised people to accept money but vote where they have already decided. \"A few section of the people have to take money; if they don', then they come under a cloud. Yesterday, I heard that duplicate notes were circulated; if someone is giving money, then ask for 100 denominations,\" said Parrikar. Incidentally, all the parties are flush with funds this time.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "12110087", "title": "Police apathy drives man to take dog bite case to DGP", "text": "FARIDKOT: A Faridkot man has approached Punjab Police DGP against the local cops, for not taking action against a jail superintendent, whose two dogs had bitten his helper some days back.Purshotam Betab, an advocate, has complained to DGP that police were protecting the dogs' owner as he happened to be superintendent of Faridkot district jail.\"My helper Shambhu was attacked and bitten by the ferocious dogs of jail superintendent Tejinder Singh Maur on February 24. The dogs were roaming on the streets unaccompanied,\" the complaint said.Shambu was admitted to civil hospital, Faridkot, and police were also informed. Medico-legal report was made by the civil hospital on the basis of which police have recorded the statement of Shambhu.According to Purshotam, police were protecting Maur since he was a cop and did not register FIR even after so many days of the incident.As per Section 289 of IPC, owner of an animal can be booked and given six months' imprisonment with a fine of Rs 1,000 in a case of the pet inflicts bite injuries.The Punjab Municipal Act also has provisions against owner if he/she fails to restrain dogs or let them roam freely in public areas.\"We have got a written complaint. We will inquire into the complaint and take necessary action,\" Narender Pal Singh, SHO, Faridkot City police station, said.Maur said that he was not sure why his dogs attacked Shambhu.\"I don't know why dogs attacked him. Sometimes you can't predict the behaviour of animals. I am even ready to pay for the treatment,\" said Maur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104846", "title": "Golden crown worth Rs 1.2L stolen from Guruwar Peth temple", "text": "PUNE: The Rs 1.20-lakh golden crown of the Ghantakarn Mahavir idol at Godi Parshavanath temple in Guruwar Peth was stolen by an unidentified person around 7.45pm on Wednesday. Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare said, \"Investigations have been launched on the basis of the CCTV footage.\"One of the trustees of the temple, Dhirubhai Shah, said the theft came to light around 8.30pm on Wednesday when the temple priest Sheetal Rajput went inside the sanctum sanctorum to prepare for an 'Aarti'. Rajput immediately informed chairman of the trust Chandulal Shah. \"The CCTV footage clearly shows the man skillfully removing the crown,\" Dhirubhai Shah said.The complaint was lodged by the temple's caretaker, Birendra Hiralal Shah (50) of Sadashiv Peth, with the Khadak police station. According to Dhirubhai, the man entered the temple around 7.30 pm. First, he spoke to a bookseller who sits on the temple's premises. \"We asked the bookseller about the suspect. He said the suspect spoke to him in Hindi and asked him whether he was an employee of the trust,\" Shah said.Shah said, the CCTV footage shows the suspect waiting inside the sanctum sanctorum before a devotee who was offering his prayer could leave. \"The 'Ghantakarn Mahavir' idol is placed inside a transparent acrylic box, which has a small window-like opening at the bottom through which devotees touch the idol's feet. The suspect then took out an iron rod with the help of which he removed the gold crown. When the crown fell down, he took it out from the opening at the bottom and walked out of the temple, leaving the rod behind, without being noticed by anyone,\" he said.Shah said, \"We have 32 CCTVs installed on the premises of the temple and have four security guards posted at the temple, but they did not suspect him as he was well dressed.\" Phadtare, who visited the temple, said the police have sent out a team to trace the suspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12105647", "title": "Lack of security in banks: Police Survey", "text": "MADURAI: A survey taken by the city police after the bank robberies in Chennai and the subsequent encounter of the robber, has revealed that banks in Madurai city need to improve their security as not all branches are completely secure. Among the 150 branches of 45 banks surveyed, nine branches were found without any security, CCTV or burglary alarms while only 43 of the branches were found with all these safety features. The rest lacked one or two of these safety measures.C Rajendran, deputy commissioner, crime, said the police department had undertaken a detailed study of all bank branches in the city and figured out that they lacked security personnel, CCTV and burglary alarms. \"All these three features are a must in a bank and they should be adequate. There should be sufficient number of security personnel and number of CCTVs. Banks should install a minimum of three CCTVs to cover the front and back entrances and one to watch the inside premises. It is also important that the burglar alarms should have 4 to 5 points connected to strategic points in the bank and are connected with the nearby police station and manager's house,\" he said.\"Unfortunately, very few branches in the city limits have got all these features, while many lack either one or two safety features,\" he pointed out. \"There are also a few branches where none of these safety features are in place and we have asked the bank officials to install them without any delay,\" Rajendran said. DIG, Madurai Range, B Balanagadevi also said meetings were held with bank officials regularly and she called for the meetings at Virudhunagar and Dindigul after the bank robberies in Chennai. \"The response was overwhelming and the officials had a concern that the top management of banks should be informed of these factors. The department has taken it up and the DGP at Chennai has sent letters to top managements asking them to take necessary measures,\" she said.An Indian Overseas Bank manager who did not want to be quoted said the top management was sitting on proposals of safety sent by branch heads. \"The management is reluctant to incur this additional cost on safety measures and they are comfortable to claim insurance cover for damages,\" he said. \"In our circle, we have decided not to resist any burglary attempt in a sign of bravery. We are helpless in front of a robber with a gun and it is always safe to oblige the robber for we have families depending upon us,\" he said. Many nationalised banks have left their old practice of deploying ex-service men as security guards and ex-military officers as security officers. \"The strength of the security personnel deployed by the banks has come down drastically and today the service is outsourced. The existing security staffs at present are overburdened with lack of manpower,\" he said.However, A K Jagannathan, MD and CEO of Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank, says, \"In the last few decades, security measures were scaled up in all important branches especially at main branches. Adequate security has been provided to all high-risk branches. Security measures like CCTVs are costly affairs and the safety is felt very much by the top management. Equipping branches with CCTVs has been carried out in phases,\" he said. \"We have reached a stage where we have to concentrate on the quality of security and adequate measures are being taken by the top managements of banks. Such quality security measures in all branches will materialise in another two to three years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12105597", "title": "For each tree cut, plant 10 saplings, says forest official", "text": "COIMBATORE: Trees that are over 30 years old can be cut down for widening of roads and other development projects, said A S Balanathan, principal chief conservator of forests and chairman of Arasu Rubber Corporation. He was speaking at the two-day training programme on urban forestry at the Institute of Forest Genetics &amp; Forest Breeding here on Thursday. \"There are times when it is essential to cut down trees. However, we must plant ten trees for every tree we cut down,\" he said.He said that land owners were responsible for conservation of trees and the planting of saplings. \"NGOs play a role in raising awareness, but the responsibility of conservation should fall on the land owner,\" Balanathan said.\"Residents' associations and local bodies should plant trees in their lands. School and college students can be involved in this process. In my experience this has been a fairly successful method,\" he said. Today, people pay more attention to the environment and its preservation, compared to the situation 20 years ago, he added.He said India was unable to focus on green initiatives like developed countries due to population explosion. \"We have severe pressures of population growth in our country. Local bodies and governments have many problems that seem more urgent. Thus, the public must also get involved in government initiatives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12106003", "title": "New rules mean more business for drivers", "text": "KOCHI: The newly approved changes in the Motor Vehicles Act may usher in changes in the business prospects of many in the city. Even as the hotel industry feels this would see a depletion in its business, the new rules have made taxi/auto drivers happy as they would get more work and more money.The new inclusions in the Act like fine of Rs 5,000 and a jail term of up to two years if someone is caught driving drunk, mean that those who fancy a drink after a hard day's work would require the assistance of someone to help them reach home. Major bar hotels in the city point out that they already have made arrangements with drivers to drop drunken customers home.The demand for such services is expected to increase, and drivers in the city expect to make a killing. They are sure that drunken people would prefer to spend money on them than get booked by police.A personnel at International Hotel in the city said every bar-attached hotel had a pool of drivers for this purpose. Autos and taxis are also roped in for the task, and a good number of them will be there in the vicinity of hotels awaiting call.\"Depending on the distance, a driver could charge between Rs 250 and Rs 450. Options are there to accompany the customer on a bike or drive and drop him at home. With the new rules in place, the demand for accompanying drunken customers will definitely come down as they will be keen on being dropped home,\" said Jose Pradeep, director, Yuvarani Residency.The Kerala Bar Hotel Association (KBHA) said customers found this facility helpful. In the current situation, KBHA plans to extend this service to all hotels serving liquor.There, however, was a 50% reduction in sales after the government started enforcing strict rules, bar hotel administrators revealed. According to them, most of the bars in the city are empty after 9.30 pm. And the situation has been encouraging people to start consuming liquor at home, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104515", "title": "30 kids fall ill after eating birthday chocolates", "text": "BANGALORE: Thirty Class V students celebrating a classmate's birthday on Thursday took ill after allegedly eating chocolates offered by the birthday boy at a school near Hudson Circle. Students of Vinayaka English Higher Primary School, opposite Banappa Park, Cubbonpet, complained of burning sensation in their mouth and severe stomach ache after eating the chocolates. The school rushed 17 boys and 13 girls to Vani Vilas Hospital where they were treated as outpatients before doctors declared them out of danger. The children were sent home later in the evening. The birthday boy, Dinakar (name changed), told police that his father, a Cottonpet resident, had bought 200 chocolates from a nearby grocer's shop on Wednesday evening. Dinakar distributed chocolates to all school teachers in the staff room in the morning. ''Then he came to class and distributed them among his 60 classmates,'' said principal C Vijayalakshmi. While some children put the chocolates in their bags, some ate it right then. ''A student, S Srinivas, complained that his tongue was burning. He was given water and within minutes, three others, R Geeta, Poojashree and Sneha, complained of severe stomach pain,'' Vijayalakshmi said. Srinivas, meanwhile, also vomited. ''When I visited the class, 15 children complained of uneasiness,'' she said. Sensing something amiss, Vijayalakshmi directed those who hadn't eaten the chocolates to refrain from doing so and shifted the 30-odd affected kids to the BBMP health clinic. ''BBMP health officers advised us to take them to Victoria Hospital. We shifted all 30 students to Victoria Hospital around 12pm,'' she said.The children were administered first aid at Victoria Hospital OPD and later shifted to Vani Vilas Hospital OPD. Dr Gangadhara Belwadi, Paediatrician, Vani Vilas Hospital said they strongly suspect it to be a case of food poisoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103212", "title": "Construction goes on near IAF ammunition depot", "text": "GURGAON: After repeated complaints from the vigilance committee of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) regarding illegal construction taking place within the restricted 900-metre area around the IAF ammunition depot, municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal on Thursday asked the police department to file FIRs against two persons who were constructing commercial complexes. Both the sites are just a stone's throw from HUDA's main office.A Supreme Court order restricts fresh construction within the zone till a final decision is made. Sunita Kataria, chairperson, vigilance committee, has alleged that both the men are closely related to local MLA Sukhbir Kataria.\"We have asked the police to register FIRs against Baljeet Kataria and Ram Kataria for carrying out construction despite strict orders restricting new structure within the specified zone. We have also ordered the construction to be stopped and confiscated the building material,\" said an official.The official, however, denied any delay in action against the accused.The committee members claimed that the MCG officials were not keen to take action against the perpetrators. \"These two men are close relatives of MLA Sukhbir Kataria and enjoyed protection all this while even though the construction was taking place on the main old Delhi-Gurgaon road, opposite to the HUDA office. It's impossible to believe that nobody saw the construction activity taking place all these days. It was only after I repeatedly complained to the municipal commissioner and other senior officials that they reluctantly took action against the two. The construction was on in full swing even on Wednesday,\" said Kataria.\"We will not tolerate this undue favour to the MLA's relatives and will approach the court if need be. While on the one hand, the corporation officials are quick to demolish the houses of the poor, they are protecting the ones belonging to people close to the minister. The same accused are involved in other illegal constructions in the city such as Surat Nagar,\" Kataria said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104507", "title": "Maderna, Bishnoi families' political prospects take a nosedive", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI chargesheet accusing legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi of abducting and killing government nurse Bhanwari Devi indicates that the political careers of both the Congressmen, whose families have commanded political dominance in the Marwar region for nearly seven decades, might take a nosedive.Though the trial on the charges is still to begin and the courts are yet to pronounce Maderna and Malkhan guilty, there appear bleak chances of the two being able to contest the next assembly election in December 2013 or the Lok Sabha election in April 2014. So who could be the political successors of the Jats and the Bishnois or will the legacy of the two politically most influential families of Marwar just fade away?Maderna succeeded his father and the Marwar's Jat bigwig Parasram Maderna at the state level once the latter retired from active politics in 2003. Parasram served as a minister for several terms before becoming the assembly speaker in his 70-year long political career, while the junior Maderna remained active at the district level and was elected the Jodhpur Zila Parishad pramukh for four consecutive terms in 1981, 1988, 1994 and 2000.Legislator Maderna's successor, however, is still unclear. Political analysts point out how his wife Leela Maderna and his elder daughter Divya Maderna are equally politically ambitious. The two jointly took up the family's political reins in defending Maderna by rallying the Jat community behind him once he was arrested by the CBI for the nurse's murder last year.With the Congress ticket almost ruled out for Maderna in the 2013 assembly elections, Leela and Divya would have to demonstrate their acceptance among the Marwar voters for the party to consider one of them as the Maderna family's successor. The same would be considered by the BJP, too, if they fail to find favour with the Congress. Political pundits believe Leela and Divya would stand a chance if they are able to get the 86-year-old Parasram Maderna's support in December 2013 when the next elections are due.In case of legislator Malkhan, the prospects look even gloomier. Like Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan had the legacy of his illustrious father late Ram Singh Bishnoi to fall back on. And, like Maderna, legislator Malkhan, too, has failed to keep up with his father's aura in the Marwar region that was once dominated by the likes of Ram Niwas Mirdha, Parasram Maderna, Khet Singh Rathore, Poonam Chand Bishnoi and Ram Singh Bishnoi. The Luni legislator has five sons and a daughter, but none of them remained politically active to be able to carry forward the family legacy.With none from among the successors of Mirdha, Maderna, Rathore and Bishnois being able to prove their political acumen till date, the Marwar's political arena has, for the first time since independence, begun to show a leadership vacuum. Pali MP Badri Ram Jakhar , Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha and Rajasthan Mahila Congress president Vijay Laxmi Bishnoi, daughter of late Poonam Chand Bishnoi, are yet to prove their acceptability as mass leaders. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot remains the single undisputed leader of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12105564", "title": "Unable to bear torture, girl kills self in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old girl committed suicide by self immolation on Tuesday at Rathinapuri in the city. Her father however alleged that his son-in-law was responsible for his daughter's death.Police said, A Stella, 19, had married A Rajesh, 22, a construction worker, three years ago and the couple was residing at MGR Nagar in Rathinapuri. They have a two-year-old boy. Rajesh never gave his wife any money to run the family, the police said.Instead, he spent all his money on alcohol and beat his wife in a drunken state, suspecting her fidelity. Unable to bear the torture, Stella told her father she would come back home, as her husband could not support the family. But her father M Arul Anand, 44, a daily wage labourer convinced his daughter not take any drastic step.On February 28, she attempted to commit suicide by dousing herself with kerosene and setting herself on fire. She sustained severe burn injuries. She was rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) but despite treatment she succumbed to her injuries on Wednesday.The victim's father Arul Anand lodged a complaint with the All Women Police Station at Kattoor against Rajesh for abetting suicide. The victim's husband is on the run and Revenue Divisional Officer (RDO) said an enquiry will be started immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "salem tabri", "code": "12105323", "title": "Gang of five women: 11 tolas stolen gold recovered", "text": "SALEM TABRI: Police on Wednesday evening arrested a gang of five women snatchers who operated on national highway 1 and robbed elderly people commuting on state transport buses and autorickshaws. Police recovered 11.15 tolas of gold worth Rs 3.30 lakh that the arrested women had stolen from a 60-year-old woman on Wednesday afternoon. Two kids of gang members are also in police custody.The gang fell into police net after they robbed gold ornaments from Balbir Kaur, who was travelling on a bus from Jalandhar to Goraya, on Wednesday. Balbira's son Jagtar Singh, who is settled in the US, said the accused had boarded the same bus as his mother and one of them shared a seat with her. When Balbir got off at Goraya and checked her purse she realized that the gold was missing. \"My mother raised an alarm and informed some conductors at the bus stand who got in touch with conductor of the bus she had travelled in and also informed the police,\" he said.Balbira's son Jagtar Singh, who is settled in the US, alleged that the accused had tried to sedate his mother by making her sniff something. Assistant commissioner of police Swapan Sharma said on getting information, personnel of Salem Tabri police station conducted a search operation near grain market, Jalandhar bypass. While cops searched the bus, one of the gang members threw the gold outside the bus, which some passengers saw and told the police, leading to their arrest.Sharma said the accused have been identified as Asha, Bindi, Sarka, Subi and Sona, who are basically nomads and were now staying in Sirhind of Fatehgarh Sahib. \"Their main targets were elderly people travelling on buses between Ambala and Amritsar but sometime they also targeted train commuters in the same route. All the accused are between 25 and 50 years old. They also had two children, about one-and-half-years old, with them while committing the crime on Wednesday,\" said Sharma.Police said the gang had been living in New Delhia's Paharganj area before moving to Sirhind. Apart from stealing, they used to beg in the city. \"They had a proper network and we are interrogating to nab other members of the gang also. A case has been registered against all the accused,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12104814", "title": "AMRI bosses denied bail, cops file chargesheet", "text": "KOLKATA: Six AMRI directors in custody since last December when 91 people suffocated to death in a fire at the hospitals' Dhakuria unit were denied bail by the Alipore court on Thursday. In the afternoon, Kolkata Police filed a 1,300-page chargesheet before the court, slapping charges ranging from negligent conduct to attempt to commit culpable homicide on 16 people it has named as accused in the case.Chief judicial magistrate Suparna Ray remanded the six directors - S K Todi, Ravi Todi, R S Goenka, Prashant Goenka, Manish Goenka and Dayanand Agarwal - and senior hospital employee Sanjib Pal in judicial custody till March 7, though a battery of defence lawyers moved strong bail pleas. The three directors who have been granted bail - R S Agarwal, Pronab Dasgupta, and Moni Chhetri - will have to appear before the court on March 7 to collect a copy of the chargesheet.Lawyers cited the instances of Agarwal, Dasgupta and Chhetri to argue that the other AMRI directors in custody had the \"same status and credentials\" and should be granted bail. They also argued that since the chargesheet had been filed and all material evidence was now in the custody of the investigators, there could be no tampering of evidence by the accused. But public prosecutor Shakti Bhattacharya argued that the possibility of tampering with evidence and influencing witnesses could not be ruled out, opposing bail to the six directors and Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104566", "title": "ASI, forest dept clash over work at Naneghat", "text": "PUNE: The restoration work by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) at Naneghat, the natural pass of the Sahyadri, near Junnar, has come to a standstill as the ASI and the forest department of Junnar division have locked horns over renovation activities undertaken in the area surrounding the ancient caves.While the forest department says the area surrounding the caves is a reserved forest area and should not have been renovated, the ASI maintained that the approach leading to the caves is part of the protected monument and thus needed restoration.On Wednesday, the forest officials seized the tools of labourers working at the site and had nine of them arrested under the Indian Forest Act, 1927, section 26.B B Jangle, conservation assistant, of ASI's Junnar sub-circle, said, \"We have only renovated the Naneghat's caves and the ancient approach leading to the caves. We have not touched anything beyond. The caves and the inscriptions were in urgent need of repairs as they had been open to trekkers during the nights and thus had been considerably misused. Hence, the renovation.\" Jangle added that the forest department had not given ASI any prior written notice barring the restoration work. \"The forest department had verbally asked us to stop the work. They gave us a written notice on Wednesday noon, and had our workers arrested within a few hours of the written communication, which is unlawful. In addition, the caves are an ASI-protected monument and it is our right to conserve them. Though some part of the area may be under the ownership of the forest department, the fact that Naneghat's caves and inscriptions are under ASI protection gives us all the right to undertake restoration work there,\" said Jangle.Jangle said the approach leading to the caves is a part of the monument as it was used for trade during the Satavahana period. \"We restored 30-40 meters of this approach way, to which the forest department objected,\" said Jangle, adding that ASI did not undertake any form of digging in the reserved forest area.A D Bhosale, deputy conservator of forest, Junnar division, said, \"The ASI should have taken permission from the forest department before undertaking any restoration activity. The caves in Naneghat are a protected monument and thus, we are not against the restoration work in the caves. The ASI's labourers began digging the reserved forest area surrounding the caves, which is objectionable under the Indian Forest Act, 1927, section 26 (1) a,d,h.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104438", "title": "Affordable housing to get subsidy push", "text": "MUMBAI: With paucity of land and increasing land prices impacting the supply of affordable houses, the state has decided to explore the option of providing subsidy on the cost of land.According to sources, the state housing department has plans to bear up to 25% of the cost of land acquired for creating affordable houses.Besides government and semi-government agencies like the Mhada, BMC, CIDCO among others, the department is planning to extend the subsidy to citizens who come together to acquire a plot for housing.The department is hoping that the subsidy, which will be applicable throughout the state, will bring down the overall project cost of housing projects and will lead to availability of a high number of affordable houses.CM Prithviraj Chavan is believed to have given a nod to the proposal, which may be submitted before the state cabinet soon.A state official said while the department has plans to explore the option of extending the state subsidy to affordable housing schemes of all income categories, the initial proposal is likely to extend the benefit to middle and low-income sections.No domicile for mill worker housing?: The state government could ask Mhada to waive off domicile and income criteria while allocating houses to mill workers. With all parties supporting it, a panel is expected to ask the CM to take a call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104657", "title": "Amendment to med attendance rules", "text": "JAIPUR: After the amendment, the upper age limit for appearing in Combined Competitive Examinations for the state government employees would be 45 years. Earlier it was 40 years.The cabinet also gave green signal to a proposal related to determining appropriate compensation from Rajasthan Housing Board for land obtained for Jaipur Metro and the proposal to declare Gogelao in Nagaur and Bid in Jhunjhnu as Conservation Reserve.Besides this, the cabinet cleared the proposal for acquisition of 5,690 bigha of land in Baytu tehsil of Barmer district to set up Hydrocarbon Value Added and Training Centre and allotment of 37.19 bigha of land free of cost to Shri Ratan Lal Kanwar Lal Patani Foundation, Kishangarh to establish a women's college.In another decision, the Rajasthan Civil Services (Medical Attendance) Rules, 2008 would be amended to ensure that medical attendance and treatment could be availed at any approved hospital within the state by a government employee, without a reference from the government hospital.The facility would also be provided to the pensioners and family pensioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105156", "title": "Campus recruitment drive for physically challenged", "text": "BHOPAL: With an objective to provide an opportunity to the physically challenged students, SV Polytechnic hosted a campus recruitment drive exclusively for them on Thursday.BPO outsourcing solutions company, Aegis, in association with Directorate General of Employment and Training of Government of India organised the campus recruitment drive.\"Under the scheme social responsibility towards society, the drive was organized to empower the talented disabled students by providing them training and job,\" said assistant director of Directorate General of Employment and Training, Narendra Kumar , adding it was for the first time that such drive was organized in the state capital.\"Government of India provides 90 per cent EPF to the employer who recruits physically challenged students in such drives,\" Kumar added.On being asked about the criteria of selecting the students for the job, Aegis officials said that they selected students with a good voice and able to work.\"Most of the participants selected were either polio affected or suffering from some other form of disabilities. But talent was common among them. They were all students with a good voice and passion to work hard. We will provide them training before they take up the actual job,\" assistant manager, human resources department of Aegis, S Raghunathan said.Raghunathan claimed that Aegis has a special policy of recruiting physically challenged candidates. \"Aegis has almost 1 per cent staff with some disability and all of them are working like normal employees,\" he said.When contacted, physically disabled participants hailed the idea of campus drive exclusively for them.\"This is a noble concept. I was in dire need of a job but most of the time my candidature was getting rejected owing to my disability. I am hoping to get a decent job ,\" a candidate of the campus drive, Krishna Sharma said. Hehad come from Hoshangabad.\"We had received registration of around 150 students from various parts of the state,\" principal of SV Polytechnic, Ashish Dongre said, adding students passed out from our polytechnic also participated in the drive. Similar drive will be organised in Jabalpur on March 27 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105972", "title": "Subsidy cuts could spark price rise: FACT", "text": "KOCHI: Following the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approving the Fertilizer Ministry's proposal to reduce subsidies on phosphatic and potassic fertilisers on Thursday, it is likely that fertilizer companies will pass on the burden to their customers.Responding to the move, a senior Fertilizers And Chemicals Travancore Ltd (FACT) official told The Times of India that fertlizer companies have been given the freedom to effect retail price increases in the light of such events.\"Right now, retail prices of 22 varieties of potassic and phospatic fertilizers are freed by the government. Fertilizer companies, therefore, might opt to pass on these subsidy reductions to their customers,\" he said.The Fertilizer Ministry had cited the strengthening rupee and falling global prices as reasons for recommending subsidy reductions on nitrogen and potassium, key ingredients in fertilizers, which will be Rs 24 per kg each and Rs 21.8 per kg on phosphate for the 2012-13 fiscal. For the 2011-12 fiscal, subsidies on nitrogen, phosphatic and potassic fertilizer were fixed at Rs 27.15 per kg, Rs 32.33 per kg and Rs 26.76 per kg, respectively under the Nutrient-Based Subsidy (NBS) policy.The subsidy cuts will be effective from April 1 this year. The reduction in phosphatic and potassic fertilizer subsidies is expected to prune the government's total subsidy bill by 20% in fiscal 2012-13.India's vast subsidies have been severely criticized by the World Bank as increasing economic inefficiency.\"There has been a proposal to decontrol urea prices as well. However, it is the largest selling fertilizer in India and such a move would pose obstacles,\" the official said.Urea, which sells at Rs 5,500 a tonne incurs a production cost of Rs 20,000 per tonne. Every tonne of urea produced by Indian fertilizer companies is subsidised to the tune of Rs 14,500.\"Urea is the only fertilizer with prices totally under the control of the government. But in the case of other categories, price increases are the only way to counter reductions in subsidy,\" the official added. Prices increases are not new to Aluva-based FACT. 'Factomphos', the company's blockbuster product, which has a huge market in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Kerala, has seen price increases in the 60-70% range in the last 6-7 months. Prices are now in the vicinity of Rs 13,000 a tonne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12106647", "title": "Aarushi case: SC dismisses Talwars' plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court will pass its order on Friday on dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar's plea for shifting of the trial against them in the case of the murder of their daughter Aarushi from Ghaziabad to Delhi.The judgement would be delivered by a bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar which had on February 27 reserved its order on the couple's plea.Pleading to shift the trial to Delhi, the couple had submitted it has been a traumatic experience for them to go to Ghaziabad to face the trial and that they also face security threat there.They had submitted it would be better to hold the trial in the national capital as it would not only be convenient for them but also for the witnesses and the prosecuting agency CBI.CBI had, however, opposed the plea, saying there has been an attempt by the couple to delay the trial and has assured the court that proper security arrangement would be made for them in Ghaziabad.It had said there were some hidden motives behind the filing of the plea and that the petition for transfer of the trial of the case might have been filed as section 438 of the Criminal Procedure Code (relating to anticipatory bail) is not applicable in Uttar Pradesh.On January 6, the court had cleared the decks for the couple's trial in the murder case by dismissing their plea to quash criminal proceedings against them.The bench had refused to interfere with the lower court's order, saying there was nothing wrong in the magistrate's order of taking cognisance of the chargesheet summoning them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104552", "title": "Accused used to watch kids undress in the room", "text": "BANGALORE: Many heartrending stories unfolded when 42 children, who were rescued from a children's home in Chellagatta on Old Airport Road, were produced before the child welfare committee (CWC) court on Thursday. CWC members had raided the Church of Christ Home on Wednesday evening. The children revealed many a story about how they were allegedly assaulted by John Charles, general manager of the home. One of the rescued kids told committee members that he was allegedly beaten up by Charles daily for no apparent reason at all. One of the children - a six-year-old - showed the marks on his arm and told the CWC authorities: \"He would abuse us in very filthy language and beat us with sticks.\" One of the girls studying in PUC told the members that Charles ensured there were no latches fixed to the doors in the home and he would come to the room when they were undressing. No women was employed at the home despite it housing girls. Parents of the children were asked not to come to the orphanage. Investigators said Charles would warn parents against visiting the home because it would expose him to the funding agencies. Hapless parents, who couldn't afford to raise their children, agreed to the conditions allegedly laid down by Charles. Only two among the 42 children were orphans, rest of them belonged to families that were not well off. Of those rescued, two girls were take back by their parents. For the rest, CWC members are trying to locate their parents to send them home. Police have shut the institution as no permission was taken from the urban deputy commissioner, child right commission for running an institution for children. The institution did not have any record of the family background of the children and any record of them being enrolled in the institution either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12110071", "title": "NRI Sukhi Chahal gets bail in Birmi case", "text": "LUDHIANA: A non-resident Indian (NRI) arrested in January in the run-up to assembly elections in the state was granted bail on Thursday by a local court.Additional district and sessions judge Karamjit Singh Kang granted bail to NRI Sukhi Chahal on a bail bond of Rs 1 lakh and two sureties of the like amount.Chahal was arrested as he had been a proclaimed offender in a case registered against him in Ludhiana for demanding a ransom of Rs 10 lakh from Congress leader Malkit Singh Birmi, by posing as an extremist from Babbar Khalsa, during the February 1992 assembly elections.The court directed Chahal not to leave the country without its permission and to be present in every hearing of the case.Bail was granted after Chahal's lawyer Harpreet Singh Sandhu submitted an affidavit by complainant Birmi before the court, stating that he had no objection to his being granted bail.While issuing orders for Chahal's release, additional district and sessions judge observed that no purpose would be served if he is kept behind bars.Chahal had pleaded innocence and alleged foul play in his arrest. Police had informed the US embassy about his arrest on January 21.His counsel said that Chahal would be out on Friday after completing necessary formalities pertaining to the bail bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109054", "title": "GMAT Mock Test 2012", "text": "The Graduate Management Aptitude Test (GMAT) is needed for admission to an MBA programme or a business-related field such as finance. More than 4,800 programmes offered by more than 1,500 institutions in 83 countries use the GMAT as part of the selection criteria for their programmes. In order to be eligible to receive GMAT scores, an institution must be a degree-granting institution that offers graduate-level programmes in business and management. The institution must be accredited to grant degrees. From June 2012, GMAT will add a section called 'Integrated Reasoning.' The need for this new section was a direct result of a worldwide survey of more than 740 business faculty in 2008. The section will provide additional information to admission officers to help make sound decisions in a highly competitive market for the best candidates.For more questions on Integrated Reasoning, visit http://bit.ly/wWnbL7To download mock GMAT question paper, click hereCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12103515", "title": "Copy-free exam slogan fails", "text": "GONDIA: Despite tall claims made by the Maharashtra State Education Board, some incidents of copying in SSC examination were reported from rural parts of the district on Thursday.The board had assured that the examination would be copy-free. Special flying squads were also formed to keep a tab on such elements. Over 25,333 students reported to have appeared at 95 centres in the district. Nine centres in villages surrounding Gondia were put under blacklist and the flying squads were asked to keep a close eye on them.Reports coming from Deori suggested that there were incidents of copying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104518", "title": "100 sim cards and cell phones seized from state jails", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the cognizance of Rajasthan High Court that prisoners were keeping mobile phones with them in jails, the jail administration carried out a search operation in jails and has seized around 100 cell phones, 100 sim cards and nearly 50 mobile chargers from jails across the state.Omendra Bhardwaj, director general (jails), said an operation to search and seize cell phones, sim cards and mobile charges was on at the jails. \"I don't recall the exact number but around 100 cell phones, same number of sim cards and some mobile chargers were seized.\"According to a report, 35 mobile phones were seized from Jodhpur Central Jail on Thursday in a joint search operation of police and jail administration. The operation started in the morning at 4.00 am and lasted for 9 hours.It is noteworthy that a division bench of the Rajasthan High Court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) came down heavily on the prison authorities on Tuesday taking suo motu cognizance of news reports that criminals were openly using mobile phones inside state jails.The court had directed the jail authorities to initiate searches and had also asked the additional advocate general NA Naquvi to comply with the order in two days. It also asked DG (prisons) present the compliance report on March 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104487", "title": "BMC in dock for forcible takeover of flats", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Thursday admitted before the Bombay High Court that it took forcible possession of only two rooms of a building on Lamington Road. The civic body said departmental action will be initiated against the two officers involved.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a petition filed by Razia Farook Habib, landlady of Eshak Manzil, and her four tenants.On October 18, 2011, two officers from the civic body's Nana Chowk office and other staffers and police officers from Lamington Road police station broke locks of four rooms and re-sealed them.Habib petition said, in October 2003, the BMC had surrendered 11 rooms, which were run as a municipal school, to her husband Farook Ebrahim and after his death, she let them out in August 2010. BMC counsel S U Kamdar admitted the officers erred. \"It is a wrong. We are going to take action against the errant officers. At the same time, the two officers who went to take custody did not realize that their action was illegal.\"The judges reiterated that government officials ought not to breach the law. \"Impress upon your officers not to take the law into their hands. A message must go to public bodies,\" said Justice Majmudar.Kamdar argued that the BMC was a tenant of eleven rooms since 1912 and there is no document to show that the civic body surrendered the rooms. \"My closing the school did not give him (Farook) right to take possession. He collected rent till 2007 from us.\" Kamdar also said BMC is willing to handover the two rooms to the court receiver. \"The other two rooms were surrendered to us voluntarily by the tenants,\" he said. Habib's advocate Robin Jaisinghani urged relief for the tenants saying they were dispossessed from their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104658", "title": "No casualties in theatre blaze, but loss Rs 50 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik fire department has estimated a loss of Rs 50 lakh in the fire that broke out at Vikas Talkies near Ashok Stambh on Wednesday night.Meanwhile, fire department officials are also checking out the possibility of a short circuit as the trigger in this incident. According to reports, at 11.30pm, a fire broke out at the cinema hall. The fire occurred immediately after the last show for the day had got over and the audience had just left the cinema hall.While there was no casualties in the incident, the balcony of the cinema hall was completely damaged. It took fire brigade officials nearly an hour to control the fire.The audience who had come to see the last show for the day, of the movie 'Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya' had left the cinema hall by the time the balcony of the theatre caught fire. As the theatre is an old structure, the fire spread rapidly and within a matter of a few minutes, fire and smoke billowed out from the various outlets in the theatre. While the staff at the theatre raised an alarm and attempted to extinguish the fire, six fire tenders reached the spot of the accident to extinguish the fire.Meanwhile, deputy commissioner of police Sunil Phulari, assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde, senior police inspector of the Sarkarwada police station, Dileep Gavit, and other police personnel rushed to the incident spot to take stock of the situation.The huge fire triggered a wave of panic among residents in the neighbourhood and they also rushed out of their houses. Many feared that the fire may spread to the adjoining Circle Theatre. However, firemen brought the fire under control within an hour's time. The work of extinguishing the fire, however, got delayed since the fire tenders faced some problems making their way through the narrow entrance of the movie theatre.Fire department officials said that in January, many buildings were issued notices with regard to their preparation in tackling fire incidences. Since fire chief Anil Mahajan is on leave, fire department officials said they could not furnish information on whether the theatre in question had also beeing issued such a notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12111133", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's nephew gets bail in cop assault case", "text": "KOLKATA: Akash Banerjee, nephew of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , and three of his associates who spent a day in judicial custody for assaulting a traffic sergeant were today given bail by a court here.Acting Chief Judicial Magistrate, Alipore S Hossain granted the bail prayers of Banerjee and Nitish Singh, Md Sarmuddin and Amit Mishra till August 16 on a bail bond of Rs 1,000 each.The prosecution opposed the bail plea andasked for for judicial custody of all the accused, but the court granted their bail pleas after hearing both the parties and examining the case record.The counsels for the accused submitted that their clients had been wrongfully charged under Section 353, a non-bailable charge.They stated that Section 186 (obstructing public servant from discharge of his public duty) of IPC, which is a non-cognisable and bailable charge, should be applied instead.Claiming that the accused had not assaulted the sergeant, they stated that it was an incident of traffic violation.The four were charged under Sections 353 (assault to deter a public servant from discharge of his duty), 341 (wrongfully restraining a person), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 114 (abettor present, when offence is committed) of IPC and 122, 177 of the Motor Vehicles Act.The four were arrested on February 29 on the express instructions of the chief minister for allegedly assaulting a police sergeant at Kidderpore in south Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106193", "title": "GGEA wants transport for women on poll duty", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government employees association (GGEA) has requested the joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti to ensure that transportation facility is provided to female government employees who will be deployed on poll duty.M L Shetkar, president of GGEA, and John Nazareth, general secretary of GGEA, met Navti in this regard on Tuesday and handed over a representation demanding transport facility to female employees upto their residences after their polling duty.GGEA has cited examples of employees residing in remote places having no transport facility during late night hours and feel these employees cannot be expected to make their own arrangements to travel at late night hours in remote areas in the absence of any mode of transport.Navti has assured GGEA that he will look into the issue and do the needful. Sources say Navti has issued directions to all returning officers to make necessary transport arrangements.GGEA had earlier demanded separate staying and toilet facility to female employees to enable them perform their duties in a hassle free manner and in right earnest.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105069", "title": "2 more held for thrashing Howrah boy", "text": "KOLKATA: Two persons were arrested on Wednesday in connection with the alleged assault on the 12-year-old boy near Howrah Maidan. Suspecting that he had stolen a mobile phone from one of the shops, Manish Bahadur was beaten up with sticks and rods by local traders on Monday morning.On Wednesday, police rounded up Anik Das and Santi Adhikary, two night watchmen of the market complex near Howrah Maidan where the incident took place. Subodh Pratihar, a police official, was suspended for not informing his seniors about the incident. Earlier, police had arrested Shib Shankar Nag, who had instigated other traders and the watchmen to rough up the boy.Manish, who fractured his hand and sustained multiple injuries, is recovering slowly at Howrah General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12105710", "title": "'There is anti-incumbency in my constituency, but it's against BSP'", "text": "His New Year started on a rather sorrow note, as he wept continuously on January 2, after the Bahujan Samaj Party axed his ticket from Dadraul assembly constituency in Shahjahanapur district. However, former minister of state for welfare of backward castes Awadhesh Verma, instead of seeking sympathy decided to fight it out in the people's court. A BJP candidate from Dadraul, Verma feels that he has done the right thing by associating himself with the saffron brigade. In an interview to Arunav Sinha, Verma accuses BSP of practicing dictatorship, which contradicts the democratic fabric of the country.Q. What are the issues you would be raising this time?All-round development is the only issue out here. My endeavour would be to finish the incomplete works, which I had undertaken in the last five years. A significant portion of villages are still not linked with proper roads, all the villages are yet to be electrified and a full-fledged degree college has to be started, so that students could save time and energy for studies.Q. Don't you think that there is an anti-incumbency factor working against you in your constituency?Yes, there is an anti-incumbency factor in my constituency, but it is against the BSP. People know me as a person who easily intermingles with everyone and anyone can reach out to him at any point in time. Apart from this, my voters know that I have played an instrumental role in removing the anti-social elements from various posts in the panchayat, and promoted honest men.Q. What prompted an emotional outburst on January 2?I have been working as a dedicated BSP worker for the last five years. During this period, I have walked extra mile only to ensure that the party strengthens itself at all levels in the state. Be it the assembly or at the panchayat. After getting elected as an MLA, I actively campaigned for party's candidate in the 2009 by-poll and ensured his win. My team extensively worked to forge ties with people from all sections of the society. But, after doing so much for the party, when you get thumbs down, your emotional side is bound to show up. As a result, I wept.Q. How do you rate you chances and that of your party?We have done our job. The onus is now on the voters to select their representatives. And the increasing trend of voting which the state is observing is definitely going to help the BJP throughout the state. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12106255", "title": "Election Commission finds bag with Rs 1.14L at Sanvordem", "text": "MARGAO: A flying squad of the election commission, acting on a complaint that money was being distributed in Sanvordem constituency to lure voters, raided a premises at Male, Sacorde, after it found a plastic bag containing cash amounting to 1.14 lakh, lying outside it.Official sources said that though nothing incriminating was found within the premises which appeared to be like a tailoring class, an FIR was lodged by the returning officer of Sanvordem constituency, Sandhya Kamat, with the Collem police later on Thursday night against unknown persons.Speaking to TOI, mamlatdar of Dharbondara, Satish Prabhu, said that the flying squad descended at the site at around 6.30pm and noticed a plastic bag containing cash lying on the ground. \"The bag was lying near a truck parked just outside a community tailoring institute. The flying squad conducted a search of the premises which also looked abandoned, but only found election campaign material belonging to a candidate,\" Prabhu said, adding that nothing incriminating was found.Sources said that the accused persons may have fled away from the site on seeing the flying squad and dropped the bag in the process.The cash was seized by the flying squad after conducting a panchnama and the money deposited in the government treasury office.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12105921", "title": "With 20 paisa, villagers live a disease-free life", "text": "HUBLI: People in Bommannalli village of Hangal taluk in Haveri were suffering from severe pain in the joints, gastric and other health problems after drinking contaminated borewell water for years.As there was no other source of drinking water, people had to drink from this borewell, and hence, started suffering from various health problems. After observing the health issues faced by people, the gram panchayat of Bommannalli decided to help them.The GP managed to contact Nandi, an Andhra Pradesh-based NGO, which is involved in implementing pure drinking water project. On the advice of this NGO, GP members approached elected representatives to mobilize Rs 11 lakh to set up water purification plant in the village, which will supply pure drinking water.HELP FROM ALL QUARTERSTheir efforts yielded results with Rs 5 lakh being sanctioned from MLA Area Development Fund. Besides, the zilla panchayat also contributed Rs 3 lakh, gram panchayat contributed 1 lakh and Nandi contributed Rs 2 lakh. After mobilizing these funds, a water purification plant was installed with two tanks having a capacity of 500 litres each on the GP premises last year.Now, villagers have started fetching pure mineral water to drink after this plant was commissioned. GP has fixed 20 paisa per litre for this mineral water and Rs 4 for 20-litre mineral water can.NO MORE ILL HEALTHSpeaking to TOI, ZP member Padmanabh Kundapur, who took the initiative in getting this plant installed in the village, said, \"There are no reports of health problems anymore. I too had severe gastric disorders after drinking contaminated water. But now I don't have any gastric problem. We have fixed 20p per litre as we also need to meet the maintenance cost.\"\"Our family members including women and children developed gastric and joint pain. We were shocked when doctors revealed that these problems were the result of drinking contaminated water. Thanks to GP, we are not facing any such problems for the past few months since we started drinking pure mineral water,\" said villagers Basavaraj Angadi, Gutteppa Mali, and GP member C D Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12104685", "title": "Two gangs were hired for destroying evidence in Bhanwari case", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: Former minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi had allegedly hired two gangs to kill nurse Bhanwari Devi besides ensuring complete destruction of evidence, the CBI's chargesheet in the case filed on Wednesday has revealed.Three accused- Sohan Lal, Shahabuddin and Baldev Jat- first allegedly thrashed the nurse before strangulating her to death in a moving car. They then handed over her body to another three accused - Bishnaram Bishnoi, Kailash Jakhar and Ashok Bishnoi - near Osian Road in Jodhpur rural to crush her bones and burn her remains to ashes, the chargesheet says. They used petrol from their motorcycle to burn her remains as they ran out of kerosene that they had brought for the purpose.\"The three took the body to Jaloda village near Rajeev Gandhi Link Canal. They crushed the nurse's bones using baseball bat so that the remains could not be found after being burnt,\" the chargesheet says. The three took away the nurse's watch, jewellery including a necklace and other items. \"Her body kept burning throughout the night.''Bhanwari's ashes were filled in sacks and thrown into the Rajiv Gandhi Link Canal. \"The watch and other items were also thrown there,\" says the chargesheet. The accused then bathed in the same canal before leaving the scene.The CBI has charged Maderna, Singh and his sister, Indra Bishnoi, with conspiring to kill the nurse as she was blackmailing the two politicians using a sleazy video featuring Bhanwari with the former minister. The nurse had gone missing from Jodhpur's Bilara area on September 1. Maderna had allegedly paid Rs 10 lakh for the murder.The chargesheet has been filed against 13 people while investigations have been kept pending against four others including Indra.As per the chargesheet, Bishna Ram Bishnoi and his gang members including Kailash Jakhar, Ashok Bishnoi and Om Prakash Bishnoi had not sought money for disposing of the nurse's body. On the other hand, Bishna Ram wanted an assurance from Sahi Ram Bishnoi that Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi would use their political powers and dispose of the police cases lodged against them in the Phalodi land scam.Bishna Ram and his gang members were involved in duping hundreds of farmers in Phalodi area. They prepared fake land registry documents showing that the farmers had sold their land to some multi-national companies. Several FIRs were registered against Bishna Ram and others in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105690", "title": "Hyderabad-Ajmer weekly train from April 6", "text": "INDORE: The western railways will introduce a weekly summer special train from April 6 to July 1 between Hyderabad and Ajmer. The train has been introduced taking into account the large passenger numbers on the sector during the summer vacations.The Hyderabad-Ajmer special train number 07106 will run from April 6 to June 30 on Fridays. The train will leave Hyderabad at 21.35 pm and reach Bhopal at 21.00 pm the next day. It will have halts at Sehore at 21.40 pm, Shujalpur at 22.40 pm, Bercha at 23 pm, Ujjain at 00.30 am, Nagda at 01.40 am and Chanderiya at 8.20 am, Chittorgarh at 10.20 am and will reach Ajmer at 14.30 pm.In the return trip the train- 07105 Ajmer-Hyderabad special will run from April 8 to July 1 on Sundays. The train will leave Ajmer at 22.45 pm will reach Chanderiya at 01.45 am, Chittorgarh at 02.00 am, Nagda, 9.40 am, Ujjain at 11.05 am, Bercha at 12.05 pm, Shujalpur at 12.40 pm, Sehore at 13.20 pm, Bhopal at 14.40 pm and will reach Hyderabad on Tuesdays at 14.00 pm.Pradeep Sharma, PRO, western railways said the train will stop at Secunderabad, Malkajgiri, Medhcal, Kamareddy, Nizamabad, Dharmabad Medkhed, Nanded, Purna, parbhani, Jalna, Aurangabad, Manmad, Bhusaval, Khandwa, Itarsi, Bhopal, Sehore, Shujalpur, Baircha, Ujjain, Nagda, Kota, Bundi, Mandagarh, Chanderiya, Chittorgarh, Bhilwara, Vijaynagar and Nasirabad.The train will have one second AC, two 3 ACs, seven sleeper and eight general coaches,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109049", "title": "Sex fascinates me: Agnidev Chatterjee", "text": "Director Agnidev Chatterjee talks about his 'Charuulata 2011'Are you nervous that your debut film, \" Charuulata 2011\", produced by SPS Arts and Entertainment Ltd is releasing today?This is my 25th year in the industry. Had this film released 10 years earlier, may be I'd have been nervous. Now I'm too old for failure to perturb me or success to excite me. I believe in what Woody Allen once said, 'Don't believe them when they tell you you're great; don't worry if they tell you you're no good.... Just shut up and make your movies and that really works fine.' That's what I am doing.What happened to your first film, \"Prabhu Nashto Hoi Jai\"?It premiered at the Kolkata Film Festival and was next screened at the Kerala Film Festival. It was an experimental film shot on monochrome. Some distributors have shown interest in releasing it after \"Charuulata 2011\". It should be releasing in May this year.Both films deal with sexuality...Gordon Gekko (from Wall Street ) said greed is good. I say sex is good. It fascinates me and also sells. Indians have openly advocated sex for the last 1,000 years. I don't know why suddenly we are becoming so prudish. I find this censorship bewildering.Do you fear comparisons?Tagore has said everything that was supposed to have been said about Charulata. If he missed out on anything, then Satyajit Ray has fulfilled it. Why wasn't Rinadi's \"Poroma\" compared to \"Charulata\"? My film has nothing to do with Ray's film. It is about Chaiti who speaks her mind; the film celebrates woman power.Was it difficult to have Ritu in the lead?Ask Rituparna. When I asked her if she wanted to act in my film, she readily agreed. Ritu had seen my work on television and wanted to act under my direction. She is an obedient student and was punctual throughout the shoot. On some days, she would be ready with makeup even before I came to the floors.What made you cast Arjun Chakraborty?I needed someone like Arjunda to play Ritu's husband on-screen.The film deals with the consequences of an extramarital affair. Your take...Extramarital relationships are interesting ingredients for making a film or penning a novel. When in a relationship, you are committed. So, it's wrong to hurt someone's emotions. But times are changing, and so is our morality. This is what the film shows.Why don't you work with other banners?For some reason people are scared to approach me. I'm a difficult person to work with. I need freedom which this banner provides me. Also, I'm an expensive director. But if someone is crazy enough to approach me (without a DVD for a remake), why not?You cast singer Dibyendu and yet did not use his voice for the playback...I needed the tonal quality of Ustad Rashid Khan, Rupankar and Subhamita.Why did you dub Dibyendu's voice?After finishing the post-production, I felt Dibyendu's voice didn't suit his appearance. Also, I needed a voice that a girl would fall in love with. I opted for Sudip.Your \"Charuulata 2011\" has an extra 'u'...Arjunda's wife (Nilaanjaanadi) who's an astrologer, told me to do so.Your next?It's called \"Bangla Film Industry\". It's about matinee idol Sukumar Chatterjee writing a controversial biography, about an actor, Suparna Sen, with whom he had once shared his life and screen space.Buzz is that you have Prosenjit and Rituparna in mind...Keep guessing...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12106190", "title": "Preparations begin for Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the period of model code of conduct in force during the assembly elections coming to an end, preparations have started for the forthcoming Mahakumbh 2013 with officials holding a review meeting to take stock of work.In this connection presiding over a review meeting on Wednesday, the Mela Adhikari, Mani Prasad Mishra informed that process of inviting tenders for different works would start soon and 80 percent of funds from the 30 percent money sanctioned by the Central government would be distributed to different departments via cheque within 2 days. On the other hand efforts are underway to ensure release of the remaining 70 percent of the amount from the state government.Divisional commissioner, Mukesh Meshram instructed that work would be reviewed on every Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109292", "title": "A surprise for Shakti Arora", "text": "After making a mark in acting, actor Shakti Arora is now trying his hands in anchoring. But this dude is completely surprised with the production house selecting him for an anchor.\"I was myself surprised when Siddharth Tewary, who has produced the quiz show on rituals in India, \" Gyaan Guru\" offered me to host the show. I mean was shocked as I had no prior experience of hosting. Maine show sign karne se pehle toh nahin, magar baad mein zaroor Siddharth se poochna, Why me?\" laughs Shakti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12105646", "title": "9/11 victims slam \u2018Mad Men\u2019 falling poster", "text": "LONDON: The creators of popular TV show 'Mad Men' have been accused of being insensitive to 9/11 victims' families over their falling man poster campaign.The billboards, which show a man falling down against a white backdrop, have been put in New York including one near the Ground Zero . Victims criticized the billboards, saying it reminded them of the iconic image of the 'Falling Man' who hurled himself out of the World Trade Centre to escape the burning building, the Daily Mail reported.The poster has been put up around Manhattan and is supposed to show the main character, 1960s advertising executive Don Draper, tumbling through the sky.John Feal, who heads the Fealgood Foundation supporting 9/11 emergency workers, said, \"I think it lacks sensitivity. \"It doesn't matter how far away we go from 9/11, for some it'll always be an open wound.\" Deborah Burlingame, whose father Charles was the pilot of the jet which crashed into the Pentagon, said the advert was \"cruel and truly tasteless\".However, AMC, the network on which 'Mad Men' appears, said, \"The image of Don Draper tumbling through space has been used since the show began in 2007 to represent a man whose life is in turmoil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109488", "title": "Hit the Break", "text": "Long, tireless hours at the office quietly give way to weeks, months and years of working. Until one fine morning, when you wake up and realise how most of your working years have simply passed by. In spite of your achievements and failures, meeting or not meeting those endless deadlines and goals, there is a sense of emptiness, of lack of purpose. And you feel you need to breakaway from the daily monotony to make a fresh start to ponder over a career move, to start a small business that you always wanted to, or to simply travel the world. That is when the need for a sabbatical kicks in.Such a deliberate break from ones career in search of something meaningful, is increasingly being accepted by corporates worldwide. In the United Kingdom , for instance, almost 20 % of the companies have a career-break policy, and a further 10% are considering introducing one. How popular is the concept of sabbaticals in corporate India today? As the corporate world is becoming more sensitive to the present epoch, their social responsibilities towards their employees have also increased. This is where a sense of concern towards the social and personal well-being of their employees comes in; the corporate world is increasingly open to sabbaticals taken for legitimate reasons. At the same time, employees often refrain from taking a sabbatical for the fear of causing any setbacks to their career growth. Long sabbaticals may also result in losing touch with certain specific skills and more so in failure to catch up with new work technology, says Vinay Grover, CEO and founder, Symbiosis Management Consultants an executive search firm.Likewise, Udit Mittal, MD Unison International adds, Sabbaticals provide an extended break from work, unrelated to family leave. Sabbaticals are considered a time to recharge, a time to study or simply a time to do something different, away from the grind of the workplace. Today, everyone is expected to work 24/7, thus leaving professionals with very little time to break the monotony. The changing tide has forced companies to adopt a considerate approach towards their employees, thus flexing rules to accommodate their interests as well. To keep employees motivated, it is not difficult to find companies offering facilities like working from home and sabbaticals.Fruitful ?Even when corporate India is opening up its mind to the notion of taking a break from ones career without looking down upon such decisions, how fruitful are sabbaticals in practice? Is it more of a fad that will come and go, or does it have any inherent value? Experts feel that it depends entirely on ones reasons for taking a sabbatical and his/ her personality type. Taking into account the data available, it has been found that employees generally prefer sabbaticals in order to re-balance their personal and professional lives. Some of the most common reasons for accommodating sabbaticals are closely interlinked with different spheres of life such as marriage commitments, personal development, health reasons etc. In any case, for those taking a sabbatical, it is very important that you have a rational reason behind it, advises Grover.If it has to be so logically thought out, wheres the fun in taking a break? The reason for a sabbatical could be something as simple as a desire to travel the world, or a long, adventure holiday. In last years Hollywood release The Big Year, three avid bird watchers set out to participate in a competition to spot the rarest of bird species. Winning a strange but exciting competition like this could also be a fascinating reason to take a sabbatical. The point is that it should be an experience worth looking back at. Travelling is one of the most common reasons for taking sabbaticals. Further studies, training and development programmes to increase your skills and experience might be the other reasons. Above all, just taking some extra time off from the office is the biggest of all reasons, says Mittal.An extended break from work also reduces burnout, ultimately increasing the quality and quantity of work. Stress levels may be reduced, which could save health-care costs, workers compensation claims and lost work-time. Arguably, the biggest benefit is that sabbaticals allow people to be more creative and inventive when they come back to work. The returning employee has a fresh perspective. He/ she sees the workplace in a new, enlightened way and may be able to incorporate new skills or knowledge into the job, he adds. Grover cant help but agree, Sabbaticals are also important for rejuvenation; they act as a boosters/ catalysts when people return to their professional space.What kind of personality types are most suited for taking such a break from work? Employees who feel that the work has become monotonous or not offering individual development, should take a break to come out of the rut and do some soul searching. If need be, they should pursue higher education/ development programmes, concludes Grover.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103780", "title": "Upset after paper, HSC student hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Depressed over his poor performance in the accounts paper, a HSC student committed suicide at his MIG colony residence in KK Nagar, Jaripatka. The 20-year-old, Deepak Satyadev, was found hanging to the ceiling hook on Wednesday morning.According to the police, Deepak, a commerce student, had appeared for his accounts paper on Tuesday morning. His friends told the police that he was not happy with his performance in the paper and hence was depressed. After the exam, an upset Deepak spent the whole day with his friends, who tried to cheer him up. Police said that earlier too Deepak had failed in the board exams and hence was afraid failing again.Deepak took the extreme step at his room in the night while the family members were asleep. His mother found him hanging in his room in the morning. The parents immediately brought him down and rushed him to a nearby private hospital, where he was declared brought dead. No suicide note was found by police. Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death.Three more people ended their life on Wednesday in separate incidents. A 26-year-old, Parag Chahande, hanged himself at his residence at Dhammakirti Nagar in Wadi. The police said that no suicide note was found from the house while his parents claimed to clueless about the reason behind his extreme step. A case of accidental death has been registered.At Sadar, a private firm employee Prashant Shambharkar (30) committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Sadar. Police said Shambharkar's mother was in her office when he ended his life. The incident came to light when his mother returned home in the evening.Also, Rajesh Nandeshwar (45), a resident of Lashkaribagh, was found dead on the Kolkata railway line under the jurisdiction of Tehsil police station on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103601", "title": "Auto strike to oppose upgrade of non-existent meters!", "text": "NAGPUR: On Thursday morning, when Ritesh Siraskar and his wife Rohini got down from the train at Ajni railway station, they were surprised that not a single autorickshaw was around to take them home at Trimurti Nagar. After waiting for almost half an hour, Ritesh contacted a friend and asked him to pick him up from the station. This was not an isolated case, as hundreds of passengers at Ajni and main railway station and Ganeshpeth bus stand were left high and dry by the autorickshaw strike on Thursday.Almost 11,500 licenced autorickshaws stayed off the city roads affecting thousands of commuters, including school students, on Thursday. Other modes of transport, like Starbuses, private taxi services and Mahindra six-seaters however remained packed, with commuters struggling to find space.The auto drivers under the banner of Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak-Malak Mahasangh are protesting the state government decision to make electronic digital meters mandatory for new autorickshaws from March 1 and for all autos from July 1 all over the state.Ritesh Siraskar said he was not aware of the autorickshaw strike in the city, otherwise he would have arranged for a private taxi or a friend's vehicle. Ritesh finally also gave a lift to two elderly co-passengers up to Bajaj Nagar square.Passengers at the railway station too faced problems. They had to hire autorickshaws who had not participated in the strike but were charging exorbitant fares. \"We waited for almost an hour before we came to know about the auto strike. So we decided to take some other mode of transport from Manas square, but from here too an autorickshaw charged us Rs 60 to go to Ramdaspeth,\" said Manohar Aloni, a resident of Amravati.In the absence of autorickshaws, school students who get regular service from their doorstep were among the worst affected. In most cases, parents had to drop students to schools. Advocate Parijat Pande, a resident of Reshimbagh, said that due to the auto strike he had to keep the first half of the day free just to drop and pick up his kids from school. \"Our autowallah had informed us about the strike, so we managed a day without him,\" he said.However, in some cases parents preferred to give their wards a holiday, due to which educational institutions witnessed a drop in attendance. Anand Ambolkar, a resident of Manewada, did not send his son to school at Omkar Nagar on Ring Road.Secretary of the auto union Harishchandra Pawar said, \"The one-day strike was organized to protest the state's decision to make electronic digital meters compulsory for all autos. The meter will cost at least Rs 10,000 and will be additional financial burden on our auto drivers.\"The auto union also held demonstrations at RBI square and handed over memorandums to the district collector and RTO. \"Though the auto strike was total on Thursday, we allowed a few auto drivers to be present at main squares to help patients and people in emergencies, to take them to their destinations,\" Pawar said. He warned that if the government does not withdraw its rule to install digital meters, the union will resort to an indefinite strike from July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106835", "title": "No respite for Mira-Bhayander commuters", "text": "Autorickshaws in the Mira-Bhayander region stayed off the roads for the second consecutive day on Thursday. The drivers had been protesting against the action initiated by the authorities against autos not running on meters. The drivers went on a strike on Wednesday after details of the auto tariff structure were put up across the region by the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC).Unknown persons vandalized a board-detailing the tariff structure-in Mira Road, after which the MBMC lodged a complaint with the police.Though inconvenienced, locals welcomed the initiative to crack down on errant auto drivers. \"I did not know that there was a fare structure for autorickshaws here. Commuters , who have to travel on crowded trains to reach Borivli, would greatly benefit from the meter system,\" said Pravin Gala, a resident of Shanti Nagar.With autos disappearing from the streets, the stretch outside Mira Road station wore a deserted look. The drivers remained adamant and insisted that the authorities first hike fares before implementing the meter system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12107650", "title": "Mumbai Police raid premises of Congress leader Kripashankar Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Police on Friday conducted raids at the premises of former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh, who has been accused of amassing disproportionate assets.\"The house and office of Kripashankar Singh in suburban Mumbai were raided. We are looking for some documents that will help us in the probe,\" said a police officer.The former Mumbai Congress chief, who is facing graft charges, had on Thursday moved the Supreme Court challenging the high court verdict for his prosecution and attachment of immovable properties, two days after an FIR was registered by the city police against him in the DA case.On February 22, the high court, after holding that prima facie case of criminal misconduct is made out against the leader, ordered his prosecution.\"The Commissioner of Police Arup Patnaik shall obtain sanction from the government to prosecute Kripashankar Singh for criminal misconduct under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The role of other respondents (Kripashankar's family) shall also be investigated into,\" a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had said.The bench had said Patnaik shall collect documentary evidence regarding all movable and immovable properties of Kripashankar and his family, including his wife, son and daughter-in-law, who will also be prosecuted for aiding in the alleged crime.The court had said, \"he started from scratch in 1970s. Until 1998 when he became MLA, nothing is shown to have been acquired by him.\"\"He is shown to have earned as MLA a salary of Rs 45,000 per month and in that salary has amassed more than dozen immovable properties. His assets are shown to be 11.69 per cent disproportionate to his known source of income. Such calculation would beat not just out arithmetic but also our conscience.\"The HC passed the direction while hearing a PIL filed by activist Sanjay Tiwari, who alleged the Congress MLA had amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. The court, while keeping the PIL pending, has directed the Commissioner of Police to file a compliance report on April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12105709", "title": "Power woes delay critical supplies from BHEL", "text": "TRICHY: The Federation of Consumer Organizations in Trichy held a lengthy meeting with TNEB officials in Trichy today and threatened to sit on a one-day fast in front the Tennur office on Friday if the power situation in the city did not improve.The TNEB had earlier announced that the power outage would be reduced to a duration of four hours from the present eight hours contingent upon the two-hour load shedding in Chennai. However, N Balakrishnan, chief engineer (distribution) who looks after seven districts in Trichy region told TOI on Thursday that spreading the supply thinly over the state did not bring the desired results and the department was pursuing a wait and watch policy for a few more days.Meanwhile, the TNEB has started implementing the daylong power holidays starting with Coimbatore on Thursday while Trichy's turn would be on Saturday. But that does not necessarily mean that the industries would get uninterrupted power supply on any other day. The power shortage has also presented another curious problem as far as Trichy region is concerned. In a catch-22 situation of sorts, the commissioning of Vallur and North Chennai power plants would overshoot the deadline because the critical components are yet to be supplied from the BHEL, Trichy.For instance, the Tamil Nadu Small and Tiny Industries Association (TANSTIA) has highlighted that around 400 small, tiny and medium industries that supply boiler components to Trichy-based BHEL are not functioning to their optimum capacity because of the current blackout and as a result, BHEL's supply of critical components to Chennai projects would further be delayed.Reacting to BHEL dispatching the first set of 43 headers to Krishnapatnam power project in Andhra Pradesh on February 25, N Balakrishnan told TOI that BHEL should take equal interest in supplying the components to the Vallur and North Chennai projects, and the process should be speeded up. This situation would mean that the first project to come to the rescue of Tamil Nadu might be the 600 MW Mettur Thermal and then the windmills coming to its full strength of productivity by the end of April. BHEL had bagged a Rs 2,500 crore order from Andhra Pradesh Power Development Company Limited for manufacturing two 800 MW supercritical boilers. BHEL's Shiv Kumar told TOI that it was not that Tamil Nadu projects were overlooked in the supply of components, but the company had ostensibly highlighted supply of headers to Andhra Pradesh, \"because it was a milestone reached by the company, and the supercritical boilers guaranteed the eco-friendly, minimum coal consumption power generation.\" Balakrishnan's contention was that BHEL that enjoys uninterrupted power supply in Trichy should give priority to Tamil Nadu, particularly the Chennai projects.Balakrishnan discounted the possibility of the TNEB facilitating the small and medium industries being able to buy LT (low tension) power from private parties, because \"since the user of LT are huge, it would be present additional accounting problems. However such a possibility would become a reality in a couple of years, Balakrishnan opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12105491", "title": "Power crisis takes toll on spinning mills", "text": "GUNTUR: The spinning mill industry, which provides employment to a sizeable number of people in the state, has been plunged into a deep crisis by the routine of extended power cuts in force across the state. The mills, badly hit as they are by high cotton prices over the last two-three years, now have to bear the brunt of severe power shortage in the state.The crisis in the spinning mill sector is likely to have a spillover effect on the cotton market to leave farmers in deep distress. According to sources, mills have cut down procurement by almost 30% in the last fortnight and some even expect them to slowly withdraw from the market if the situation persists. With nearly 20 lakh bales yet to be shipped, the situation in the cotton market stands to go from bad to worse.\"We are left with no choice but to cut down on purchases in order to bring down costs. We are already running deep losses,\" said exporter and mill-owner, K Anjaneyulu.Guntur, the largest cotton producer in the state, has nearly 60 spinning mills. Along with another 100 mills in the state, the industry provides direct employment to over two lakh people and indirectly employs another six lakh. And, the spinning and ginning mills in the state utilise almost 30 lakh bales of cotton of the total production of 55 lakh bales.\"The state government has neither the planning nor the vision to combat this crisis. It has displayed utter callousness in handling the power crisis which could have been anticipated almost three months ago,\" fumed M Subbarao, a cotton trader.\"We are ready to purchase power at Rs 10 per unit. Why could the government not discuss this issue with us before the power crisis hit the state,\" another mill owner asked.As the crisis unfolds, mills are more reluctant than ever to gather stocks given that at the current workrate their reserves were enough to feed the mills for the next three months.While extended power cuts would reduce the expenditure by around 7%, overheads such as workers' salaries and interest on capital investments remain the same whatever be the level of production. That explains the huge losses, said spinning mill owner PK Chowdary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108540", "title": "Aman Verma denies dating Munisha Khatwani!", "text": "Aman Verma who was last seen in Chhoti Bahu is very much single and rumours of his link up with Munisha are false.On being asked, \"\"Recently there were reports of your seeing/dating Munisha Khatwani he says, \"\" When it comes to Munisha, please pick up the phone and ask her. For me Munisha is my friend, we have spent time and always felt that if I knew a tarot card reader it could help to predict my future. she is a lovely girl. It is a little unfortunate that we don't have the ability to stop something in the paper. We don't have any law called defamation in situations where they completely trash your character. All you can do is keep quiet. let the storm pass by. I was surprised with the news, they used my name without asking me, but I kept quiet and moved on. I am sure her tarot cards never told me that they would link me up I would have stopped meeting her.\"\" (wink) . On being probed when he intends to settle down in real life he says, \"\"Tthat is a personal question, when I am able to answer it I will. For now I prefer to be zipped\"\"!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi/pilkhua/ghaziabad", "code": "12103871", "title": "Shakeel died before wiping out terror blot", "text": "NEW DELHI/PILKHUA/GHAZIABAD: If Mohammad Amir was the alleged mastermind of the serial blasts of 1996-97 in and around Delhi, Mohammad Shakeel, a textile printer in Pilkhua, was the alleged bomb-maker. While Amir has the consolation of being released recently after spending 14 years as an under-trial prisoner, Shakeel was found hanging by his neck in the Dasna jail three years ago.Though his death on June 19, 2009 was originally passed off as suicide, a magisterial inquiry found evidence showing that Shakeel had actually been murdered. On the basis of this statutory probe, the police registered a case of murder and criminal conspiracy in 2010 against, among others, jail superintendent VK Singh, deputy jailer Ramji Singh and head constable Surveer Singh Yadav. But none of the accused officials has so far been arrested.Even otherwise, the suicide theory seemed implausible because most of the serial blast cases booked against Shakeel, as with co-accused Amir, had collapsed. By the time of his death, Shakeel had been discharged in 11 of the 16 cases, acquitted in three and convicted in one, for which he had already served his sentence. He was then in jail only because there was still one case pending against him.The case relating to Shakeel's murder has made little progress. One of the excuses cited by the police is that they are yet to get the original \"suicide note\" that was found tied to Shakeel's foot. They say that despite extensive correspondence, they have not been able to get the original note. And the photocopy they have is not admissible in evidence to verify whether the note has his handwriting or not.The police need to establish that the suicide note was forged. For, the magisterial inquiry, which is the basis of the murder case, said that \"the suicide note, which is written using different pens, does not appear to have his writing.\" The suicide note claims that Shakeel was tired of the long-drawn-out legal process and was taking the extreme step of his own accord.His wife Afsana, speaking to TOI at her home in Pilkhua, gave her own reasons for questioning the authenticity of the suicide note. One is that Shakeel would not have despaired at a stage when he had successively been either discharged or acquitted in almost all the cases. \"He was about to be released from jail soon, why would he take such an extreme step?\" asks Afsana. Her other reason for disbelieving the suicide story is what Shakeel told his family members just a few days before his unnatural death. \"He was very scared and kept telling us that the jail authorities were troubling him and would kill him one day.\"The magisterial finding of murder was triggered by a forensic report revealing traces of poison in the form of aluminium phosphate in his viscera. The magisterial report concluded that aluminium phosphate could not have reached Shakeel without the culpability of jail authorities. \"The poison was either administered to Shakeel or provided to him. In any case, it is either through the negligence or collusion with the jail authorities.\"The report also enumerated symptoms that undermined the suicide theory. Though Shakeel was found to be hanging from the ceiling of his cell, his feet were touching the ground. Contrary to the pattern of suicide-by-hanging cases, there were no fingernail marks around his neck, his tongue was not sticking out, his internal organs were found to be \"congested\" rather than \"still\" and his nails had turned blue.In an indictment that raises serious questions about the investigation of the serial blasts, the magisterial report said, \"All these are signs of poisoning showing that he had either ingested poison or been administered poison before he was hanged. The attempts made to give his death the appearance of suicide points towards the complicity of jail authorities.\" Following Shakeel's unnatural death, the Ghaziabad court directed greater security for Amir.The main charge against Shakeel in the 15 cases booked against him was that he manufactured low-intensity bombs in his textile printing workshop. The charge did not stick because one prosecution witness denied that he had been taken to Pilkhua for the raid on Shakeel's workshop and the other, who was the landlord of the workshop premises, deposed that it was used only for textile printing and that no explosive had been unearthed from there.His implication in the serial blast cases and his protracted incarceration took a heavy toll, financially and emotionally, on his wife and his three children who were all under five at the time of his arrest in 1998. Even after all these years, Afsana can't make any sense of the allegations made against her husband. \"He never ventured out of Pilkhua and he never knew Amir, the man with who he is supposed to have plotted the blasts.\"Amir too claims that he came to know Shakeel only after they had met for the first time as co-accused in the court. The prosecution version alleging a criminal nexus between the two has been torn to shreds in case after case. Given the tragic fate met by his co-accused, Amir should consider himself lucky that he has lived to tell the tale.(To be continued)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12106025", "title": "People treat me as one among them: M J Jacob", "text": "KOCHI: The ruling UDF government has not been able to take the proposal to set up the electronics park at Amballoor to any decisive level.\"Though they have issued a new notification, it does not have any new concrete step for the state government or the UDF to claim that they have done something to take it to the next stage,\" said M J Jacob, LDF candidate from Piravom.Jacob who was speaking at the 'Meet the Press' programme organised at the Ernakulam Press Club in Kochi on Thursday said that as the MLA who worked to bring in the project, he would have been happy to see the proposal move to the next stage like land acquisition.\"There is a government procedure for land acquisition. But merely reissuing the notification stating that the land acquisition will begin soon is fooling the public,\" he added.The LDF candidate said that he was not worried about the all-out effort by the UDF to rally behind the campaign of their candidate Anoop Jacob, as \"people of Piravom know me as a man who has been working for the development of the constituency for the last 20 years.\"Jacob, who represented the constituency from 2006 to 2011 said he was approaching the people on the basis of the development works he had undertaken during his five-year stint as MLA.\"As a person, who comes from the grass-roots level, I work quietly and am comfortable among the people,\" he said.Reeling out the projects which he had undertaken utilising the MLA fund, he said that if he wins the elections, his priorities are a comprehensive drinking water solution in the constituency which was a very important problem. \"The campaign of making Anoop Jacob a minister if he wins will not have an impact on the people as there have been MLAs who have become ministers from that constituency including T M Jacob and P T Chacko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12104039", "title": "Gang-rape victim testifies in court", "text": "NOIDA: The Class X girl who was allegedly gang-raped by five men on Friday testified against the accused at a court in Greater Noida.Police claimed to have begun the probe into the goof-up in which the victim's identity and details of her address were revealed in a press note made public by the SP. Additional SP Manoj K Jha said that he was examining media visuals and statements made by the SP to ascertain who was responsible for the goof-up. Cops need to submit a probe report to Rajiv Krishna, IG, Meerut range. Cops are also conducting a forensic examination of the Hyundai i10 in which the accused forcibly took the victim to a secluded spot in Sector 53, where they raped her.The victim, meanwhile, continues to live in fear. After unknown persons pelted stones at her house and threatened her family on Monday night, a PCR van has been stationed outside her house. \"My daughter is still in shock. She hardly talks and bursts into tears suddenly. Police are yet to give us any information related to the case,\" the girl's mother said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109001", "title": "Advantages of foreign languages", "text": "Learning foreign languages like German, French, Spanish, Japanese and Mandarin gives students an edge, finds out Alisha GonsalvesThere has always been a growing importance for languages whether native or foreign, especially in today's era were communication has reached its peak and the world has become a smaller place. As globalisation takes a toll on the youth, an increasing number of youngsters are inclined towards learning foreign languages.Today, various institutes and universities are offering a number of courses in languages, among them foreign languages like German, French, Spanish, Japanese and Mandarin are now gaining momentum.\"Learning a new language is not only interesting but also increases one's knowledge about the culture and lifestyle of the people of that specific country,\" says Ankita Damle, a first year BA student who is learning Spanish. Some students also learn languages to make a career in the field of translation and interpretation. Manasi Malvadkar, a second year BCom student is one such example who wants to have a fulfilling career in the field of interpretation. \"Languages have always interested me and so I decided to have a career as an interpreter.\"Learning a foreign language gives students an opportunity to appear for international examinations like TOFEL, JLPT and DELE etc. Career options in the field of translation are plenty. Due to growing economic relations between India and various countries of the world, knowing a foreign language gives one the much-needed edge. With various MNCs hiring translators and interpreters, this is a fast growing field. \"Being a translator can be an interesting job as you connect with various people of the world and there is an exchange of cultures and ideas from people all across the globe,\" says Anuradha Vaidya, an Italian translator. Besides, many international schools now need teachers who can teach foreign languages to students. \"Japanese, is gaining importance as a foreign language and can be the next language that will be taught to students in schools after French and German,\" feels Tomoko Terada, an interpreter.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104231", "title": "Govt may make provision for food security bill in budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA might be able to score a political point on the National Food Security Bill and enhance the food subsidy provision in the budget regardless of the fact that the ambit of the bill and the total number of beneficiaries under it are still under dispute.The food subsidy bill at present is marked upwards of Rs 55,000 crore without accounting for the arrears paid for previous years. This was to be revised upwards regardless of whether NFSB is in place or not. Enhancing the subsidy provision in the budget will not create any additional headache for the government even as it jostles to settle how wide the beneficiary net will be under the social security scheme.The total subsidy burden will have to be based on the total number of people it accepts as deserving. In the bill now before the parliamentary standing committee, the government has proposed to cover 75% of the rural population and 50% of the urban population under the Act. But it is yet to decide how many of these beneficiaries will get the super-subsidized foodgrain.This is to be decided on the basis of the Socio-Economic Caste Census. The census has certain explicit criteria to exclude and include people but it measures the economic condition of the rest against several parameters. The UPA could tweak the total number of those getting the subsidized grains substantially by playing around with the criteria it chooses to sift those that are not automatically excluded or included.The survey itself has been inordinately delayed. For example, in Uttar Pradesh, it is likely to start after March once the elections are over. Other states like Tamil Nadu and Bihar have opposed using the survey and centrally-dictated cut-off criteria. A committee under Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen to define this criteria, announced when the fracas over the Planning Commission's poverty line affidavit embarrassed the government, is yet to meet even once.With the UPA keen that NFSA take off early enough to deliver political dividends in the 2014 general elections - akin to the rural employment guarantee scheme - the government is keen to see complete rollout of the welfare measure over the next year-and-a-half and provisioning in the budget would be the least of its problems.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "12109030", "title": "Congress leader holds yagna for Rahul Gandhi's marriage", "text": "MADHEPURA: A Congress leader in Bihar's Madhepura district on Thursday held a yagna to remove \"obstacles\" in the marriage of Rahul Gandhi and ensure the party's victory in Uttar Pradesh assembly polls.Vishnudev Prasad Yadav, a Nagar Parishad member, said the ritual was being conducted to seek divine intervention for Gandhi, one of the most eligible bachelors in the country, with a most suitable bride as well as the party's victory in the UP assembly polls.The yagna has generated interest among the local people with a large number of them arriving at Yadav's village to witness it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12100122", "title": "Go full steam ahead", "text": "Structural inflection points in a nation's economic deve-lopment are few and far between. During the last decade, the Indian economy experienced a sharp uptick in 2003-04 that lasted till 2007-08, led by a number of positive factors. We stand at another inflection point, but unfortunately the same indicators that propelled the earlier surge now indicate that the growth graph could remain flat as we head into the 12th Plan period.GDP data for Q3 released this week show dropping rates of growth for the last seven quarters, with the latest pace at 6.1%. This is the slowest after the global financial crisis erupted. The stagnation in manufacturing is most disturbing, since the sector is expected to add millions of new jobs in the next decade. Besides addressing the short-term imperative of getting manufacturing growth up, budget 2012-13 must look at the bigger picture of how India can have its own phase of industrialisation with the concomitant benefits of employment creation for a 100 million people which the National Manufacturing Policy (NMP) advocates.In relative terms, India's growth still outperforms most of the rest of the world. That is not enough for a country housing the world's largest number of poor. Growth stimulants must be reinforced to achieve the aspirational 9% GDP target set in the 12th Plan. Two driving forces stand out in the growth effort: government finances and corporate investments. Strong control over the fiscal situation in 2003-04 to 2007-08 helped open the space for the corporate sector, which significantly improved its contribution to total savings from 4.6% of GDP to 9.4%. This helped boost the critical ratio of gross fixed capital formation to GDP to a peak of 32.9% in 2007-08.Today, the deterioration in fiscal deficit is reflected in dwindling investor confidence and delayed projects. This has pushed up the effective cost of capital, and crowded out private sector investments. As flagged by the prime minister's economic advisory council, private corporate capital formation plunged from 14.3% to 9.9% in the last four years.Correcting the fiscal deficit will require dual actions to expand government revenues and curb expenditures. CII has suggested several steps to unlock revenues from various sources: auctioning assets locked up in sick PSEs, widening the tax base, settling disputed tax cases, disinvestment and shifting to accrual-based budgeting, among others.Better targeting and delivery of subsidies lie at the heart of the expenditure side. In particular, direct transfer of cash subsidy for efficient delivery of kerosene, LPG and fertilisers to people living below the poverty line may help reduce subsidy outlay. The Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act must also be amended for clarity on timelines in reducing the fiscal deficit.For corporates, inflation, rising interest rates and increasing input costs have pressured profit margins, so that less funds are available for investment. Lag in policy actions such as coal and power, land acquisition, and FDI in multi-brand retail further led to lowering business confidence. The budget can be a huge opportunity in restoring investor sentiments, such that shelved projects are brought back on track.Infrastructure investments are critical and have to be addressed in mission mode, including steps such as widening the definition of infrastructure for tax purposes, attracting greater private sector participation, and enlarging access to long-term funds. The 12th Plan envisages $1 trillion of expenditure on transport, power, urban amenities, etc. Half of this is expected to come from private sources. A real effort to fast-track 100 mega projects could have major downstream impact.Secondly, inflation is the other major challenge facing the economy. The latest figures show food inflation to be under control overall, but the episodic spike in prices of primary articles is a matter of concern. Currently, manufacturing inflation is also higher than comfortable levels. Policy clearances and NMP's rapid implementation are required to boost manufacturing.Supply-side measures would create the necessary capacity to overcome price rise. Raising agricultural growth and productivity is imperative, requiring initiatives in areas such as seeds, irrigation and watershed management, pest control, finance and mechanisation. Wastages in the supply chain from farm to households can be greatly eliminated by enabling large investments - including FDI - in organised retail.Rural infrastructure creation under Bharat Nirman can be allocated higher funds. Power is another hurdle to be overcome through reforms in distribution, incentives for fuel exploration and pipelines and other steps. There's need for a more rational oil price and subsidy system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12106474", "title": "PAN error misery hits taxpayers", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The permanent account number (PAN) has become a burden for many people with spelling errors in the names.For example, Mushtaque Ahmad is Mustak Ahmed and Randhir Singh is Randheer Singh. A well-known chartered accountant here, Saras Jain, said: \"There should not be such errors in the names. This mismatching in names will inconvenience the PAN card holder to establish his identity proof. He added that banks refuse to entertain such names for opening of an account.The error is mostly of alphabet - either it is extra or less. An official of the Daltonganj-based collection centre of UTI said, \"Error-filled PAN cards are brought to us for rectification which is undertaken in the larger interest of the card holders.\" But he agreed it usually took some time to correct the errors. The last month of the current financial year is on and taxpayers are busy saving filling up forms to save taxes. However, error in names in PAN card has doubled their miseries.Sources said names are the same on PAN cards but its spellings are different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106124", "title": "City hosts state's first police equestrian meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police force boasts of the highest number of horses (555) in the country and the mounted police has brought home many laurels from national and international events. To further this legacy, the state police is hosting the Director General of Police Cup (DG Cup) to train the new generation of equestrian force. The first edition of the event started off at Ghoda Camp in Meghaninagar on Thursday afternoon in presence of top police officials.\"25 teams are participating in the event with 120 riders. Two private teams will also show off their skills. We have divided the teams by its police range and number of riders available. We have kept the veteran and fresher's events separate so that the new team can be formed for the national equestrian meet that will be hosted by Gujarat in December,\" said Shamsher Singh, joint commissioner of police (special).The four-day event was inaugurated by S K Saikia, city police commissioner. Range deputy inspector general of police, Ahmedabad, G S Mallik said that the events include jumping the obstacles in various categories, tent pegging, barrel race and carry garrow (taking the injured from the ground on the horseback). The event will be both for individuals and teams, said Mallik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pilibhit/bareilly", "code": "12105885", "title": "Will join next govt, but coalition won\u2019t last: Peace Party chief Dr Ayub", "text": "PILIBHIT/BAREILLY: \"We will join the next government in UP to implement our agenda, though the coming coalition regime would require at least three parties and I don't see it lasting beyond two years.\" If this sounds eerily similar to BSP founder Kanshi Ram, the Peace Party's (PP) Dr Ayub is a copycat in a hurry. He is hopping from one election rally to another in helicopters, driving at breakneck speed to venues and breathing fire against \"secular\" forces.\"The promise of 9% or 18% reservation is to communally polarize society. It's an old trick of so-called secular parties to win Muslim votes. This promise is neither possible nor allowed by the Constitution,\" Dr Ayub tells TOI, driving from Pilibhit to Bareilly late Wednesday evening.Mandate 2012 is turning into a multi-cornered contest, in which the PP is looking to spoil the party for the SP that has again caught the imagination of Muslims.But he rebuffed the \"Muslim outfit\" tag. \"Our constitution does not allow a Hindu party or a Muslim party. Yes, we are for marginalised sections like the most backwards, the ati dalits and the Muslim community is the most backward of all, as demonstrated by the Sachar Commission report.\"But this doesn't stop him from supporting religio-political outfits. He feels the AUDF of Badruddin Ajmal in Assam and the IUML in Kerala have their raison d'etre. \"Muslims support them because the mainstream parties have failed the community.\"The UP polls seem to revolve around the Muslim vote since the main contest appears to be between secular parties of OBCs and dalits. The Congress wading in with full force has increased the PP's nuisance value. The view is that Dr Ayub's gain is Mulayam's loss and would help the BJP. But the doctor from Basti is not bothered.\"The SP, BSP and the Congress are as communal as the BJP. I've 100 reasons to say that,\" he said. \"If not, why are they supporting Article 341 that denies dalit status to Muslims? Why should I be burdened with the responsibility of their win? Why cannot they support us,\" he asked.The PP, across the state, has made its presence felt with sections of Muslims and is looking for \"plus votes\" with its choice of candidates, like history-sheeters or \"resourceful\" OBCs.Dr Ayub's USP among the most backwards is his ability to speak against \"resourceful\" OBCs and dalits, which mainstream parties shun for fear of backlash.\"Our first agenda is to sub-divide the OBC quota between communities like jats, gujjars and yadavs, and MBCs,\" he claimed. He accused BSP chief Mayawati of discriminating against the maha dalits.With elections winding to a close, the PP's debut performance would determine its longevity. The signs are ominous as no \"Muslim outfit\" has survived beyond the experiment stage in UP, a possibility that he rebuffs by repeating that his is not a \"Muslim party\".\"We will win 40 seats and be strong constituent in the next government,\" he signed off, \"Inshallah\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "12104986", "title": "CPM leader moves bail petition in Rajarhat case", "text": "BARASAT: Rajarhat-Gopalpur Municipality chairman and CPM leader Tapas Chatterjee, wanted in the Rajarhat violence case, moved an anticipatory bail petition at the district session judge's court, Barasat, on Thursday. The court admitted Chatterjee's petition and fixed the hearing for March 12.Chatterjee's move comes two days after CPM's North 24-Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb announced on Tuesday that Chatterjee would surrender at the Barrackpore court. Chatterjee didn't surrender because the Barrackpore court closed down on Wednesday following the death of a lawyer.Chatterjee, now under cover, is among others accused of snatching the service revolver of a security guard of Trinamool Congress MLA Sabyasachi Datta.Six of the arrested have been remanded to 10 days police custody and the rest 12 persons were remanded to 14 days judicial custody by a special court.The CPM, on the other hand, is trying to whip up sentiments against the move of the police to arrest Chatterjee.\"How can the chairman of a municipality snatch the service revolver of a security guard? I understand the concern of the police. They are yet to recover the revolver. But the victim happens to be a CPM supporter which means that the CPM men snatched the revolver and opened fire at his own men. Is it credible?\" questioned the CPM district secretary.Gautam Deb and Left Front chairman Biman Bose will walk the streets from Baguiati to Narayanpur on Saturday afternoon in protest against the \"partisan role\" of the police who did not arrest a single Trinamool Congress supporter on that day.On Tuesday, a CPM procession had reportedly shouted slogans at school gates, urging teachers to join the industrial strike. Trinamool Congress supporters led by local MLA Sabyasachi Datta allegedly tried to dissuade the teachers from coming out. This triggered the clash between the two parties. Datta had lodged a complaint against Chatterjee, accusing him of leading the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111759", "title": "Rajamouli threatens NTR and Charan", "text": "Rajamouli has a special place in NTR and Ram Charan's career as he was the director who brought the best out of these young guns. No wonder that these actors would love to work under his direction if they have a chance. However, Rajamouli is going to be a serious threat for these heroes in this summer.Rajamouli's Eega movie has been slated for release on April 12, which means it will release a week after Ram Charan's Racha and a week before NTR's Dammu releases. So these actors are going to face the heat from the master filmmaker. Even though Eega doesn't have the necessary star power to rule the box office, it has Rajamouli, a brand that is not less than any existing superstar.Audience would love to watch Rajamouli's film irrespective of star cast and critics wouldn't dare to point a finger at this works. He and his films are beyond critics as this director knows the pulse of audience better than any doctor. If Eega is going to make to the theaters in time, then NTR and Charan's films have to be very strong to stand in the way of this perfectionist. Or else they will get to know what Rajamouli's role was in their combined success.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12105109", "title": "House trashes Sibal move on central varsity", "text": "PATNA: In a development that fortified Bihar's opposition to the Centre's move to shift the Central University of Bihar (CUB) to Gaya, the state assembly on Thursday adopted an unanimous resolution insisting that CUB be shifted to Motihari in East Champaran district from where Mahatma Gandhi launched the national freedom struggle. The university currently functions from its temporary campus at Patna.The resolution comes a day after chief minister Nitish Kumar wrote to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , virtually threatening non-cooperation from the state government if CUB HQ was shifted to any other place except Motihari. Sibal has maintained for the last two years that Motihari would not be a proper site for CUB and suggested Patna, Nalanda or even a part of the 500-acre plot earmarked for IIT-Patna at Amhara near Bihta in Patna district as an alternative site. As late as February 15, Sibal in a letter to CM Kumar finally proposed to open CUB on a defence land at Panchanpur near Gaya.It would be interesting to see how Sibal reacts to the Bihar house resolution which was proposed by assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary and which, he said, would be sent to the Union HRD ministry. Sibal's earlier letters to the CM on the issue said locating the university in a place \"where adequate physical and social infrastructure would not be available and quality faculty cannot be attracted, would be detrimental to this thought\". \"You had expressed your difficulties in acquiring land proximate to an urban location.Keeping this in mind, I approached my colleague A K Antony , the minister for defence ... The defence ministry has been kind to identify land at Panchanpur. I am informed the land is proximate to the Gaya international airport. The land has been inspected and recommended by a Site Selection Committee. While the formal transfer of land is yet to take place, I thought it fit to keep you apprised of these developments,\" the February 15 letter read.Interestingly, Nitish described Sibal's decision as \"unilateral and arrogant\", and also said he would write to Antony and ask him if the land acquired in the state for defence purposes could be transferred to any other party for use other than defence purposes.The state government has maintained that farmers in East Champaran were ready to give three chunks of 1,000 acres of land each for which the state government would pay compensation. The site is on the East-West Corridor, and once the Patna-Muzaffarpur Road is remodelled, it would be 150-minute journey from the Patna airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105849", "title": "Students breeze past English in board exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The English paper in the CBSE board exams for class XII on Thursday seemed to be a cakewalk for most students. They said it was easier than expected with no questions meant to challenge their thinking.Many students, making their way out of the examination centres, said their performance in the first paper will help increase their aggregates as scoring high in English seemed likely now. CBSE statistics reveal that English has become a scoring subject over the last few years. While 659 students scored above 95% in 2008, the number of those in the same bracket was 605 in 2009. However,there was manifold increase in this number with as many as 3,788 students scoring 95% or above in English in 2010. While CBSE did not release the figures for 2011, the sky-high cutoffs at Delhi University were seen as an indicator of inflated class XII scores.Though students are obviously happy that their board exams began on a positive note, teachers are a bit disappointed with the standard of the paper. They insist that exams should not be such a throwaway. \"The paper was easy though a bit lengthy,\" said Koninica Dasgupta, a humanities student from Ryan International School, Vasant Kunj. Shipra Bihani, another class XII student from The Indian School, said, \"The writing and comprehension sections were not tough though a lot of attention had been given to the chapters in literature. Anyone who had read the chapters well could have answered those questions.\"Most teachers too got a positive feedback from their students. Feroze Bakht Ahmed, who teaches English at Modern School, Barakhamba Road, was confident that any student, who attempted all the questions properly, can easily score between 80% and 90%. \"I think Thursday's paper was the easiest in the last five years. \"There was no problem in the paper and the literature section was a cakewalk. In fact, many of my students, who had prepared well, were not too excited to see an easy paper. They didn't have to face any challenge.\" He said, \"I think there should be some difficulty in the paper so that only those, who deserve, can score high.\"Others blamed the trend of getting a high score on 'run-ofthe-mill' questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12109655", "title": "Antony's office 'bugged', defence ministry orders probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sensational case, defence ministry authorities have detected alleged bugging of the office room of defence minister A K Antony and Intelligence Bureau (IB) has been asked to probe the matter.Sources in the ministry told PTI on Friday that the development came to notice on February 16 following which defence secretary Shashikant Sharma took up the matter with IB for a probe.The matter was brought to notice by two Army personnel who were manning the telephone lines in the ministry.After this was brought to notice, ministry officials refused to get their phone lines checked by the Army personnel, they said.The matter had come to light soon after the long-drawn battle between the Army and the defence ministry over the issue of General V K Singh's age came to rest following an intervention by the Supreme Court.Gen Singh's age issue was resolved after the apex court forced him to withdraw his petition on February 10 where he was asked to accept May 10, 1950 as his date of birth.The Army has not yet commented on the development. Last year, a similar incident was reported from the office of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee when snooping devices allegedly were found from there.A inquiry was ordered by the finance ministry after adhesive-like substances were recovered from his office, raising suspicion that they might have been used to implant electronic listening devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12105655", "title": "US judge \u2018sorry\u2019 for racist dig at Obama", "text": "LOS ANGELES: A top US judge has turned in an apology after e-mailing a racially charged joke about president Barack Obama that likened African-Americans to 'dogs'.To make matters worse, Richard Cebull, a chief district US jugde for Montana sent the e-mail from his courthouse chambers to his seven close 'buddies', the Great Falls Tribune reported.The judge apparently never thought that the 'joke' may become public, but said he was surprised that one of the recipients passed it along with his name on it, to the Great Falls Tribune.\"This is a private thing that was, to say the least, very poor judgement on my part,\" Cebull said. \"I did not forward it because of the racist nature of it. Although it is racist, I'm not that way, and never have been.\"Acknowledging that he was opposed to Obama, the judge said he did not consider himself 'racist' and the e-mail was intended to be a private communication. \"The only reason I can explain it to you is I am not a fan of our president, but this goes beyond not being a fan,\" Cebull said. \"I didn't send it as racist, although that's what it is. I sent it out as it's anti-Obama.\"The judge was nominated by former president George W Bush and received his commission in 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12106239", "title": "Panchayat forces family to cancel wedding of 2 daughters", "text": "ROHTAK: A family called off the wedding of their two daughters a day before the marriage was scheduled to be solemnized, after they were pressurized by the panchayat of Jalalpura Kalan village of Jind district to do so. The marriages of the two girls which were set to take place on Thursday were cancelled on Wednesday after members of Bhayan and Jaglan gotras of the panchayat directed them to call off the weddings.Their objection to the wedding was that the gotras of the grandmother of the girls, Bhayan, and that of the grooms, Jaglan, had \"brotherly ties.\" The girls' father Hoshiar Singh had fixed the wedding of his two daughters with two youths, both brothers from Jajanwala village about two years ago. However, some villagers objected to the match and took up the issue with the panchayat.After a number of meetings where Hoshiar Singh urged the panchayat members to allow the weddings to be solemnized, the panchayat remained rigid on its stand.The marriage was called off after the panchayat gave its verdict on Wednesday and the parents accepted the decision.Subhash Singh, the sarpanch of Jalalpura village said that the matter was resolved though the panchayat collectively, while adding that the issue had been settled amicably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105905", "title": "India, China will boost rubber prices", "text": "KOCHI: Global natural rubber prices may jump on production shortfall in the first two months of 2012 amidst increased consumption in India and China, according to the Rubber Board.Following favourable economic conditions, global production during 2011 was up by 8.2% at 10.26 million tonnes from 9.48 million tonnes in 2010, while consumption is expected to increase by 3.5% in 2012. Demand from members of the Association of Natural Rubber Producing Countries, accounting for 57% of the use, may grow 4.4% to 6.37 million tonnes. According to the Board, India's production in April-January rose 4.6% to 784,400 tonnes, while consumption rose just 1.3% to 799,980 tonnes. Domestic consumption this year is anticipated to be 4.7% higher touching 1.02 million tonnes.The Board said production of the commodity is also expected to rise by 4% to 9.42 lakh tonnes during the 2012-13 fiscal. Demand from ANRPC members, which accounts for 57% of the production, may grow 4.4% to 6.37 million tonnes this year.For March delivery, RSS-4 rubber traded at Rs 188.50 a kg on Thursday in the Kottayam and Kochi markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12108483", "title": "US lawmakers threaten to divert Pak aid to Mexican border", "text": "WASHINGTON: US lawmakers have introduced a legislation in the Congress to divert American aid meant for Pakistan to the Mexican border until Islamabad takes concrete and satisfactory action against Haqqani terrorist network.Fearing that some of the aid running into billions of dollars could end up in the hands of the Haqqani network, the lawmakers voiced concern as the dreaded terror group is believed to be behind suicide attacks in Afghanistan responsible for hundreds of American deaths.The legislation introduced by Congressman Michael McCaul , and co-sponsored among others by the foreign affairs committee chairwoman, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , would require the secretary of state to certify to Congress that Pakistan is not aiding, assisting, advising or informing the Haqqani terrorist network in any way.Otherwise US aid to Pakistan will be cut off and redirected toward fighting Mexican drug cartel violence on US-Mexican border, the legislation says.In a statement, McCaul said this year the State Department is requesting USD 2.4 billion in civilian and security assistance to Pakistan, some of which could end up in the hands of the Haqqani network.But, the legislation does not seek to touch Defence and intelligence aid.\"When I met with (Pak) President (Asif Ali) Zardari he expressed a commitment to eradicating the Haqqani terrorist network, but I am not convinced that he has enough control over his military and intelligence to follow through,\" said McCaul, who led a homeland security committee delegation to Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12106879", "title": "Unesco to help India via LINKS", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAm: Unesco will help the Indian government safeguard its indigenous traditional knowledge through appropriate legislation.It will be made possible through Unesco's Local and Indigenous Knowledge Protection System ( LINKS), Unesco South Asia office chief of programmes on Natural Sciences Dr Ram Boojh told TOI here. \"Every government has a right over its indigenous knowledge and Unesco will help the Indian government too to safeguard its traditional knowledge and biodiversity through appropriate legislation ,\" he said. The Indian government has held consultation on Traditional Knowledge Protection rules and many countries have agreed in principle, but it's not in the public domain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105420", "title": "Passengers drugged, robbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising serious doubts over safety on trains, a passenger travelling in an air-conditioned compartment of the AP Sampark Kranti Express robbed his co-passengers by giving them sedatives and fled with two tolas of gold on Thursday.The Government Railway Police (GRP) said five passengers__Shiva Kumar, Srinivas Reddy, Sudharshan, Tushar, Mohan Das, all residents of Hyderabad, who were travelling in A-1 (tier-II) air-conditioned coach, got admitted to Gandhi Hospital as they were feeling drowsy.The victims, who occupied seat Nos 31, 32, 33, 34 and 36 seats, had ordered lunch when the train was passing through Bhopal on Wednesday at around 1.30 pm. The pantry staff supplied them lunch and when they were about to take food, a person, occupying seat 35, offered them a powder and informed them that it would enhance the taste of the food.``Believing his words, the five passengers mixed it in their food and liquor. After consuming it, they fell asleep and they continued to be in that state till they reached Secunderabad. A Railway travelling ticket examiner (TTE) became suspicious as the five passengers were continuously sleeping from Wednesday afternoon. When he tried to wake them up, Shiva Kumar woke up with a great difficulty, but he was feeling very drowsy,'' GRP inspector Ashok Reddy said.Police said an ambulance was called and all the five passengers were shifted to Gandhi Hospital. During investigation, police came to know that the suspect, Ashok, who was seated at 35, escaped with a two-tola gold chain belonging to Mohan Das. After the victims fell asleep, the suspect disembarked from the train and fled with the chain.``Except the chain, all the remaining valuables were intact. Surprisingly, he did not touch other valuables like laptops, mobiles, gold ornaments and cash though he could have easily stolen them,'' police said. The suspect was conversing in HindiThe GRP police said a case was registered under sections 328 (Stupefying drug to commit theft) and 379 (Theft) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), but it would be transferred to the Jhansi Railway police. Though the condition of the victims is out of danger, they are still in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104485", "title": "Women's organisation protest paralytic woman's arrest", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after Seema was arrested by the Jaipur police for conspiring the abduction of another girl, women's organizations, condemning the arrest of Seema, who is 80% paralytic, held a protest outside the legislative assembly here.Women's organizations, led by ex-chairperson of state, women's commission, Dr Pawan Surana, claimed this was the first case in the state where a paralytic person had been arrested. \"It seems to be an attempt to save the policemen, including former circle inspector, Pratap Nagar Ramniwas, who was accused of harassing this girl last year on the pretext of questioning,\" said women's organizations in their official release on Thursday.The organizations also alleged the move was aimed at saving the policemen imprisoned for outraging her modesty.\"They did not care for the dignity of the disabled girl Seema,\" said a woman protestor.However, police added they have ample evidences against Seema to book her for conspiring the abduction of another girl Vandana (name changed).\"We have collected evidence to substantiate charges against her. She was arrested and sent to judicial custody,\" BL Soni, commissioner of police, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12110397", "title": "Sisters carry dead brother to cremation ground", "text": "SANGRUR: 'Bhaiya mere rakhi ke bandhan ko nibhana '(Honour bindings of Rakhi O' my dear brother). Going by this Lata Mangeshkar number in film Chhoti Bahen, sisters might expect brothers to stand by them in thick and thin but here the opposite has happened.Three sisters have gone a step ahead in getting their brother closer to his final journey. Setting aside the taboo, the sisters on Thursday lent a shoulder in getting their brother to the cremation grounds. Though, a daughter lending a shoulder for the father is now somewhat common in parts of Punjab,carrying the brother to the cremation ground is unheard off.Karamjit Kaur, Gagandeep Kaur and Sandeep Kaur did what many hesitate to do to get their brother Soni Singh to the cremation ground at nearby village Mangwal. unmarried 31-year-old Soni Singh was suffering from kidney problem for few months and breathed his last on Thursday.\"When the family was getting ready to leave for cremating Soni in the evening, my daughters came forward and declared they would lend shoulder to carry their brother to the cremation grounds\", said their sobbing father Jarnail Singh.Jarnail Singh, who is staunch Dera Sacha Sauda follower, said, \"Though I in reality I am left with another son, after the decision of my daughters, I am now the father of four sons even (after losing the eldest son).Gagandeep, Karamjit and Sandeep said \"Being a woman is not a curse and doesnot debar us from acting like a son. We did this as we loved our brother and wanted to accompany him to the last journey\".Scores of Dera Sacha Sauda followers who attended the cremation appreciated the step and said this is finest example to do away with gender discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104561", "title": "'Industries need to comply with pollution laws'", "text": "JAIPUR: The industries in the state will now have to deposit a bank guarantee and an affidavit to Rajasthan pollution control board (RSPCB) ensuring compliance with provisions mentioned in pollution control and environment protection laws.To ensure compliance with provisions, RSPCB has issued orders that any industry that had earlier been barred from operating due to non-compliance to Water (prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974 and Air (prevention and control of pollution) Act provisions, will have to submit a bank guarantee.The guarantee will be equal to five times of the amount prescribed for yearly consent fee and shall be not less than Rs 10,000.\"RSPCB has issued orders to all industries, projects, processes and activities that have earlier faced closure for non-compliance to pollution control and environment protection laws, to submit a bank guarantee in the name of the member secretary of the board. These orders will also be applicable to the industries which have failed to submit renewal applications before the expiry period of permission,\" a board official said.As per orders, the industry's in charge of operations has to submit an affidavit to ensure the compliance with the conditions of consent to operate (CTO) or consent to establish (CTE). In cases of multiple non-compliances in CTO and CTE, bank guarantee will be forfeited by the state board. The time period for any such guarantee deposited in the bank shall be one and half time the period for which the permission is obtained by the firm.However, any industry that falls in the bracket of annual consent fees less than or equal to Rs 1,000 and does not discharge any effluent/waste water shall remain outside the purview of these provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103438", "title": "FIR lodged in Rs 10L land fraud case", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against the ex-chairman and secretary of Saraswati Kunj society for alleged fraud of Rs 10 lakh.According to the police, Priyank Gupta, a resident of sector 15 filed a complaint at the Sushant Lok police station alleging that his plot was sold to some other person on the basis of fake documents.In 2003, Gupta had booked a 500-yard plot in the society through I Hassan, ex-chairman and Ram Gopal Sharma, ex-secretary. Soon after booking the plot, he deposited around Rs 10 lakh. However, later he found that the plot was not registered in his name. Police have launched an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105146", "title": "Now, post offices outside city retail solar lamps", "text": "CHENNAI: Looking for an eco-friendly solar lamp to tide over the power cuts? You might be able to pick up one at your neighbourhood post office. The Chennai circle of India Post is selling solar lamps through 19 post offices across Tamil Nadu to give a fillip to its retail post initiative.\"The demand has been on the rise so we will make the lamps available in other post offices too,\" says M S Ramanujan, postmaster general. The department started selling solar lamps in Chengalpet from September 2011. In February, post offices in Vellore and Kanchipuram started selling the lamps to cover areas such as Madurantakam, Tiruporur, Uttiramerur, Sriperumbudur, Tiruvallur, Tiruttani, and Sathuvacheri.\"In the last month nearly 1,000 lamps were sold by the new centres,\" says an official. The demand is probably driven by the daily power cuts across the state.The department sells three kinds of lamps with LED lights and integrated solar panels that can be charged in the sun. The prices range from Rs 399 to Rs 1,699, and come with high and low settings or a facility to charge mobile phones, depending on the model. \"Once the lamps are fully charged they can be used for four to eight hours,\" says Ramanujan.The department decided to sell solar lamps after successfully retailing gold coins and university application forms, and opening counters to accept utility bills. \"We were forced to look at various options after the internet and other forms of communication eroded our traditional mail base,\" he says.After a solar lamp manufacturer approached the department, it decided to start selling the lamps in rural areas. \"Our biggest advantage is our network, especially in rural areas. The demand has gone up with power cuts and the beginning of the exam season,\" says Ramanujan.To cater to the demand, the department has placed orders with a few more companies. However, supply is not sufficient to meet the rising demand. \"Every household needs at least two lamps and that is tough to meet,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105387", "title": "Congress demands debate over RSS-police clash", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress legislators trooped in the well of the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha, demanding a discussion on their notice for adjournment motion on an incident in which Rashtriya Swayam Sewak Sangh (RSS) workers had a scuffle with policemen at a local police station here, leading to suspension of 10 police personnel in the state capital.Raising the issue during the zero hour, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh demanded that the proceedings of the house be suspended to take up a discussion on their notice for adjournment motion. Speaker Ishwardas Rohani said he would take a decision on the notice after collecting relevant information about the incident.However, opposition members insisted on an immediate debate on the issue with Singh alleging that a group of RSS workers had stormed the Kamla Nagar Police station and clashed with policemen right in the state capital.Even as other members were on their feet, speaker Ishwar Das Rohani expunged the remarks being made by the opposition members, who later had a heated argument with the speaker and legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra when he sought to defend the government.Agitated opposition members trooped into the well of the house, raising slogans demanding a debate on the issue even as the speaker repeatedly heard asking the members to resume their seat. After some time, the members returned to their seats after the Speaker assured them to consider their notice for adjournment immediately on receipt of the information about the incident.Ten policemen, including officers, were suspended for their alleged involvement in a brawl that took place when an RSS worker Sumit Pandey went to Kamla Nagar police station on Tuesday night to lodge a complaint regarding a damage caused to the local office of Vigyan Bharti, a RSS linked organisation, following a dispute between him and local residents. Pandey's supporters and the police had a scuffle, leaving two persons injured.Subsequently, 10 policemen, a sub-inspector and an assistant sub-inspector, were suspended pending an inquiry against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104882", "title": "Student abduction case rocks House", "text": "PATNA: The demand of ransom to the tune of Rs 1.5 crore for the release of a school student kidnapped from Moinul Haq stadium rocked the Bihar Legislative Council on Thursday during the pre-lunch session.As soon as the House assembled for the day's listed business, Congress members Kumari Jyoti and Chandan Bagchi rose on their feet and started shouting slogans against the government.Slogans like 'apharan ka udyog band karo' rented the air. Jyoti also displayed placards during the shouting of slogans.Bagchi (Cong) said that school children have now become the target of kidnappers.\"It is a shame that a school student was kidnapped from the stadium in the state capital and till date kidnappers are still at large. They have demanded a ransom amount of Rs 1.5 crore,\" he said.Sensing the gravity of the situation, deputy chief minister Sushil K Modi said that the government is serious about this incident and would soon take suitable action against the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12106126", "title": "State's report for rail budget ridden with factual errors", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state's railway in all its eagerness to improve its image seems to miss some basic facts.In a 21-page memorandum submitted to Railway Board, the office of the minister in charge of railways in state has suggested MEMU service between Palakkad and Mangalore. The service would do good to the residents of Malabar but apparently the lines are not yet electrified.There are many such slips in the proposal that was prepared to demand more fund allocation in the Railway budget this year. The railway here has also sought sanction for starting work on Angadippuram-Kozhikode and Nilambur-Nanjangud lines.The initial pages of the proposal says, \"The survey for the Nilambur Road-Sulthan Bathery-Nanjangud Town Rail line is over... Sufficient budgetary provisions may be made to improve connectivity between Calicut City, airport, Malappuram, Angadipuram, Ottappalam and Palakkad. But then it goes on to ask funds for survey of projects.The fact is that railway had completed the survey of the Angadippuram-Malappuram-Kozhikode rail line in 2009, and it had already pegged the project at Rs 875 crore.Another major demand in the letter was a new train service between Kozhikode and Beypore. However there is no railway connectivity between these towns.The general secretary of Nilambur-Mysore rail action council said the letter clearly shows that the officials in the department are not aware of the issues. \"The mistakes in presenting facts in letter will affect the budget expectations of the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12104912", "title": "16 charged for AMRI fire", "text": "KOLKATA: Eighty days after the AMRI Dhakuria tragedy, police submitted the chargesheet on Thursday afternoon, accusing 16 persons of criminal negligence that led to death.Ninety-two people, the majority of them patients, perished in the December 9 fire. Police arrested seven directors of AMRI Hospitals that day.In all, 13 AMRI directors and executives were arrested, three of whom got bail. Three of the accused - directors Aditya Agarwal, Rahul Todi and Preeti Surekha - are listed as fugitives.The chargesheet, submitted in the court of the Alipore chief judicial magistrate, runs into 1,300 pages and has separate sections for each of the 16 accused. The prosecution also submitted the forensic report and chemical test report.Three of those named in the chargesheet - Moni Chhetri, Pronab Dasgupta and R S Agarwal - are out on bail while six directors and four management staff are in judicial custody.Investigators examined 450 witnesses before framing charges that range from negligent conduct to attempt to commit culpable homicide. All 16 have been charged under Sections 36, 285, 304, 308 IPC and various sections of the West Bengal Fire Act.The chargesheet says that the AMRI authorities neglected fire safety measures despite warnings from the fire department. They also ignored the fear expressed by some hospital employees and set up an office, pharmacy and medical store in the basement in violation of fire safety norms.The chargesheet also mentions that there was only one entry and exit route to the basement. Police noted that the hospital went ahead with arrangement at the basement and also increased the number of beds beyond the prescribed norms as part of a cost cutting measure to make \"super profits\".Police investigation showed that combustible material dumped in the medical store in the basement caught fire and the smoke spread through the air-conditioning ducts. Even the critical care units did not have an independent air circulation system, let alone general wards. This proved fatal. The chargesheet says that the smoke found no outlet as the windows had hard glass covers.The police made a last minute amendment in the chargesheet, replacing Section 34 IPC with Section 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12105615", "title": "China house arrests poetess, cuts off internet in Tibet", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese authorities have put a highly respected Tibetan poetess under house arrest and initiated measures to cut off internet services in Tibet ahead of the annual session of the parliament beginning on Saturday.Sources said authorities are worried that Tibetan rebels may intensify their agitation against the Chinese rule in the region that has witnessed a wave of self-immolation by monks, who spread the word through internet.Poetess Tsering Woeser, blogs about the conditions in Tibet has attracted wide following besides helping her win Holland's Prince Claus award. The award committee said her blogs were the main source of information during the 2008 crackdown.Tibet's political leader Chen Quanguo has called for increased controls over internet and mobile phones arguing that stability in the region was of utmost importance during the National People's Congress session.\"Mobile phones, internet and other measures for the management of new media need to be fully implemented,\" the official Tibet Daily quoted Chen as saying. He said security forces must \"crush hostile forces\" led by the Dalai Lama whom he blamed for plotting instability in Tibet and \"destroying'' atmosphere ahead of the congressional meeting.Beijing maintains that Tibetans have no reason to fight because they enjoy religious freedom and have benefited from China's economic boom. Chen's remarks apparently have central government's approval because Beijing has allowed the use of police forces on Tibetan demonstrators by firing at the crowds on a few occasions in recent weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104838", "title": "Lalu Prasad, Jagannath Mishra charged in fodder scam", "text": "PATNA: Ghosts from the past returned to haunt two former Bihar chief ministers, RJD's Lalu Prasad and Congress's Jagannath Mishra, on Thursday when the two were charged with conspiring to withdraw Rs 46 lakh from Banka and Bhagalpur treasuries through fake bills between 1994 and 1996 in what became known as the Rs 900-crore fodder scam.Fodder meant for cattle with then undivided Bihar's state animal husbandry department was purchased on paper and hundreds of crores siphoned off in a well-planned conspiracy from the late 1970s to the early '90s. The scam was exposed in 1995 and the CBI took over the probe at the behest of the HD Deve Gowda government in 1997.A CBI court framed charges against 31 accused, including Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra, in one of the 60-odd cases filed in connection with the multicrore fodder scam that rocked undivided Bihar in 1990s.The case, RC 63A/1996, pertains to fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 45.96 lakh by the state animal husbandry department officials from the Banka and Bhagalpur treasuries through fake bills between 1994 and 1996.The other accused include JD-U MP Jagdish Sharma, former animal husbandry minister Vidya Sagar 'Nishad' and former MLA R K Rana.The two former CMs have been charged with criminal breach of trust, criminal conspiracy and cheating under various sections of the IPC as well as the Prevention of Corruption Act.The charges were framed under Sections 409 (criminal breach of trust by a public servant), 120(B) (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using forged document as genuine), 477 (A) (falsification of accounts), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) of the IPC and Section 32, read with 13 (1) (D), of the Prevention of Corruption Act.While Mishra has thrice been CM, Lalu headed the then Janata Dal government from 1990 to 1997. He broke away from the party to form the Rashtriya Janata Dal and installed his wife Rabri Devi as CM the same month.Lalu's counsel P K Tiwary said the charges against his client are false. Lalu described the case as a \"high-profile conspiracy\" hatched by the CBI and his adversaries. Mishra's counsel M K Gupta and N N Jha said their client described the charges against him as wrong as he was never involved in the fraudulent withdrawal.Mishra's counsel M K Gupta and N N Jha said their client described the charges against him as wrong as he was never involved in the fraudulent withdrawal.The charges could not be framed against two accused, fodder supplier A K Singh and former BJP MLA Dhruv Bhagat, as they were not present in the court.Designated CBI judge V K Srivastava cancelled the bail bonds furnished by Singh and Bhagat and issued warrants of arrest against them. The court also gave them 15 days to surrender before it and fixed the next date of hearing on April 2. Sharma and Bhagat are former chairman of the state legislature's Public Accounts Committee.The CBI filed the chargesheet in the case on March 3, 2003. The court took cognisance of it on April 30 the same year.There is no reason for cheer here irrespective of whether you believe the accused are guilty or innocent. Either way, there has been a miscarriage of justice. If it is indeed true that two former chief ministers of Bihar were involved in systematically looting the state exchequer, then the fact that they continued to remain free and one was de facto CM for years after the scam surfaced surely is a case of justice denied to the people whose money was looted. If the two are blameless, they have been gravely maligned. The root cause is the fact that more than a decade and a half have passed with the case still meandering along. Surely we need fast track courts to deal with cases of this nature if such examples of justice being delayed tantamounting to justice being denied are not to multiply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "12106134", "title": "Tribals call off hunting spree", "text": "BARIPADA: About 100 tribal poachers, who had planned to enter the Bhanjabasa area in the Upper-Barha-Kamuda (UBK) Range in the core area of Simlipal Tiger Reserve (STR) on Thursday, have finally cancelled their mass hunting excursion.Forest staff, however, allowed them to kill a giant squirrel and a yellow monitor lizard in the adjoining Nato reserved forest so that they could make animal sacrifices before their supreme deity, Marang Buru. The range officers and other forest staff of Baripada and Karanjia territorial divisions have taken adequate measures to prevent the poachers from sneaking into the animal-rich areas of STR.All entry points of the STR have beel sealed, they adeed. The deputy director of Similipal Tiger Reserve, Bikas Ranjan Dash , said the tribals were adamant about going on the mass hunting expedition, but forest staff managed to convince them after much persuation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12103774", "title": "Election petitions claim bogus voting in AMC", "text": "AKOLA: A series of petitions were filed after the Akola municipal council polls by defeated candidates claiming bogus voting and demanding the entire election procedure to be cancelled.Abdul Rauf the defeated BRP-BMS candidate in old city area of AMC filed an election petition challenging the election of Kazi Nazimoddin. Filing the petition the counsel for petitioner Ganesh Pathak alleged that 500 votes polled were bogus. He added that those who exercised their franchise in Prabhag no 21, 27, 29 and 34, should again cast their votes in Prabhag no. 23. He also alleged that villagers from Guigaon, Hatrun and Patur areas were 'imported' and they exercised their franchise in Prabhag 23 (6). It was also found out that a bogus vote was polled in the name of the late mother of the candidate, Pathak added.Another defeated candidate Manjusha Garad, the daughter-in-law of Devidas Garad, the noted freedom fighter also filed an election petition in local court against Congress candidate Taherabi Aliyar Khan. Garad has demanded the cancellation of the election process. BJP candidate Manoj Shahu also filed a petition challenging the election of Madan Bhargad, city Congress chief and Congress candidate, who won the election by a margin of only six votes. He had contested the election in Prabhag no 22 (A). He alleged that bogus voting took place in Prabhag no 22 (A) from where he had contested. He also raised objections against counting, after the third round of counting was over on February 17. He said that the returning officer also rejected the request of recounting the votes. In the petition, he raised doubts against the caste validity certificate of Madan Bhargad.Bhargad, who has made a hatrick of winning the election, said that earlier also he was elected twice from the same Prabhag. \"Voters have shown confidence in me and that's why I was elected for the third time,\" he added. He shall clear his position as and when the matter came up for hearing in the civil court here.Sources added that more election petitions are likely to be filed during the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109036", "title": "A scientific bent", "text": "Intel's Future Scientist Programme aims to help teachers re-fresh their curricula while learning how to spark curiosity and foster innovation and enquiry among studentsIntel launched the Future Scientist Programme in India, aimed at enabling the next generation of innovators to have grounding in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).The programme consists of seven modules that are delivered over two days of training comprising enquiry-based learning, facilitating scientific enquiry, from the classroom to the science fair. It is designed to inspire excellence in science and math and help teachers re-fresh their curricula while learning how to spark curiosity and foster the spirit of innovation among students.It is designed to help science teachers present their curricula from an enquiry-based perspective to foster research and innovation among their students. It was launched at the Asia Science Educator Academy in December 2011 to help make enquiry based learning a part of science education and to support teachers' efforts to help students develop their critical thinking skills.Krishnaswamy Kasturirangan, member, Planning Commission, said, \"At every level, science education remains crucial for India's continued growth as a knowledge economy. Kindling the spirit of enquiry through science in the early years of education among the youth can be an effective means of sharpening the thinking process.\"Intel will work with leading NGOs, social organisations and state governments to execute the roll out of the programme and reach close to 50,000 girls and help them develop scientific skills and expertise.\"Technology is amongst the greatest tools to advance education and we need innovative programmes that have challenging curricula to prepare our students for the careers of the future. Promoting and nurturing that spirit of enquiry among students is the primary goal of the programme,\" said Praveen Vishakantaiah, president, Intel India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "salua", "code": "12104934", "title": "Police apathy led to Salua clash", "text": "SALUA: The clash between the Eastern Frontier Rifles (EFR) and the Counter-Insurgency Force (CIF) jawans has its root far beyond the February 28 molestation charge or even the February 24 conflict between the two groups. The feud owes its genesis to the \"encroachment\" of nearly 50 acre land earmarked for police use. If police top brass had not turned a blind eye to this impending crisis at Salua over the years, cops would not have had to beat a retreat and run for their lives on Thursday.Salua, a barely 15-minute drive from IIT Kharagpur's sprawling campus and home to EFR's three battalions, is spread over 800 acres and has been home to people, who originally hail from the hills, since 1937. Some among the 3,500-odd people, whose forefathers used to be a part of the police force, now inhabit the Puratan Busti and Naya Busti (slums dotting this land). Over the years, they've encroached upon nearly 50 acre of land earmarked for police. Numerous letters were sent to the police directorate in the past and they were informed that 432 families had encroached on government land. But no effort had been made to solve the issue, thanks to the disconnect between the top brass and the ground reality.Still, the clash wouldn't have taken place unless the government decided to set up CIF's Regional Command Centre at Salua. CIF has 13 assault teams (a team has 30 personnel) and two more under-training based in Salua. Salua was chosen for its proximity to the \"operational base\" (read the Naxalite-affected zones). In doing so in May 2011, the government also overturned an earlier proposal earmarking 580 acre in Purulia Jharra as the proposed CIF headquarters and home to all its 60 assault teams. Jharra was selected since it was close to the other operational bases in Purulia and Bankura. But as a senior officer put it, \"An elite force needs to be trained in isolation. But the Jharra proposal was turned down for Purulia appeared too remote for operational movements. Or was it too remote for senior officers to commute, unlike Salua?\"To set up the command centre in Salua, CIF needed land for its barracks and training. This is where the root of all the trouble lies. After sitting on the encroachment menace for years, police top brass now decided to build a boundary wall around the police land. The boundary wall inflamed a sense of insecurity among the locals who felt that the wall will ultimately \"set them out of Salua\".An officer who'd long worked in Salua says, \"I once told a local councillor (who'd tried to resolve this) to actually think of rehabilitation (of the illegal encroachers). This alone could have resolved the issue once and for all. And who will think of all these, an EFR Commanding Officer (CO) is considered to be a punishment posting where the attitude remains to somehow complete the tenure and head for a more prestigious posting.\" Indicative to this is perhaps the fact that DIG EFR's post has been lying vacant for the past three-and-a-half years. Earlier Ajay Nand and now Vineet Goyel has to take this up as their additional charge. So as the anger raged within, none really could foresee what was in store for the future.Even a CIF senior officer admits, \"We have Nepali instructors at our Salua base. They have taken a liking towards us.\" Moreover, as another officer pointed out, \"Only 20% of the people who come to work in EFR in Salua stay back here, the rest go back to their native place, mostly in Darjeeling district. In fact, those who've no intention to live here are often called mussafirs (or travellers). So to sum it up, the problem is only with a few people, not all.\"If the encroachment history scripted the enraging discontent, inept handling of events in the immediate aftermath of February 24 night also fuelled the growing violence. The CIF-local skirmish that led to 18 CIF jawans and seven locals still nursing the wounds, hasn't led to any police action. Neither has anything been done on the February 28 molestation complaint against a CIF constable, though two IGPs had been to Salua in the past few days. Why didn't the IGP (CRPF) relocate the 150 jawans immediately after the first incident? Or even why do senior officers in Kolkata keep on touting sectarian differences as a \"compelling reason\" for not doing anything?\"Had the senior officers in Kolkata wasted little time in deciphering the impact Salua would have on Gorkhaland agitation and focussed more on how to rehabilitate 432 families, the issue could have been stymied long back,\" an IGP quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104527", "title": "Backlog of trains hits Harbour line", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services were running behind schedule on Thursday as the authorities had to clear good trains that had been stuck due to the nationwide strikeon February 28.Some Harbour line services were cancelled, while many were running late.On an average nearly six to seven goods trains enter Mumbai daily. These trains can run at a maximum speed of 65 kmph, while the speed of suburban trains is 80 kmph.\"The presence of slow-moving goods trains on the track forced the Harbour line rakes following them to slow down. This affected the schedule,\" a senior railway official said.Anil Shah, an Andheri resident, said, \"A 6.12pm Panvel local was allowed to leave ahead of 6.08pm Andheri local that had not arrived at the station till 6.15pm.\"Interestingly, Central Railway has taken a decision to not to ply goods trains between CST and Kalyan before 10pm to ensure punctuality of suburban trains during peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104888", "title": "Cholesterol drug increases diabetes risk", "text": "MUMBAI: There may soon be changes in the labelling of widely-used cholesterol-lowering drugs - statins - sold in the country. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) warned that patients taking statins may face a \"small increased risk\" of higher blood-sugar levels and diabetes.Doctors here said that these warnings need to be taken seriously as Indians are at a high risk of the killer disease, but those prescribed with statins should not stop taking them.Statins, when used with diet and exercise, help to lower a person's \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol). Statins include blockbusters like Lipitor (atorvastatin) - the world's largest selling drug with annual sales of around $12 billion - and other brands and generic versions like simvastatin, pravastatin and rosuvastatin. The issue has been debated for years with several studies also conducted to research whether there was an increased risk of diabetes by taking statins.Says Anoop Misra, chairman of Fortis-C-DOC, \"These FDA regulations are a mixed bag of news; good news is that we don't have to monitor liver functions often; the bad news is increased diabetes in those who use statins, and in whom these drugs are universally required. \"The FDA wants drug companies to add these warnings on labels of these cholesterol-lowering drugs. The drugs regulator here is expected to follow suit within a few months in India too, experts say. There are over a dozen domestic companies including Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's, Cipla, Glenmark, Sun Pharma, Lupin, USV, Zydus and Torrent selling generic versions of the drug.But the FDA said it also wants to assure users that these medications continue to provide an important health benefit of lowering cholesterol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103776", "title": "Railway PI slipped from train, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Sunil Chahande, a railway police inspector, died after he slipped from the train near Malkapur station on Thursday morning. Chahande (42), who was working at Wardha RPF, was recently transferred to Railway protection special force at Thakuraly near Kalyan.According to the police, Chahande, a resident of Bhagwan Nagar in city, had joined work after a leave of 15 days. On Wednesday morning, he boarded Howrah-Mumbai Geetanjani express. On his way, around 11am while the train was crossing Malkapur station, Chahande came near the gate to meet a friend.When the train slowed down, he tried to get down and slipped in the process. Chahande suffered head injuries and was declared brought dead at a nearby rural hospital.4-yr-old girl found dead in water tankNagpur: A four-year-old girl, who was missing since Wednesday afternoon, was found dead in a water tank at an under construction building where her parents worked as labourers. Sakshi Kurweti was last seen playing at the construction site, while her parents were busy working at the building.Sitabuldi police said that the girl's parents had lodged a missing complaint in the afternoon. While searching, she was found dead in the water tank. A case of an accidental death has been registered. Cops said that no injuries were found on her body and hence it is suspected that the girl might have accidentally fallen in the water tank while playing.Theft at Mayo hospitalNagpur: Thieves decamped with air conditioners worth Rs75,000 from the radiology department of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH). According to the hospital authorities, the theft took place when the department was locked on Saturday night. The matter came to light on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105197", "title": "Chennai boy rescued, abductors turn out to be his friends", "text": "CHENNAI: The police on Thursday took four youngsters, including two 17-year-olds, into custody for the abduction of a class 10 student from his house in MKB Nagar on February 26. Investigators said they rescued K Yuvaraj, 17, from the house of one of the abductors in Kodungaiyur and seized five country-made pistols and 43 bullets.Joint commissioner of police (west zone) K Shankar said P Vijay, 18, a first-year BE student, and I Azam Khan, 22, who manages a business run by his father, had been arrested for the kidnapping. Azam Khan's brother, a class 11 student, and Vijay's friend, a class 10 student, have also been detained for the crime.Yuvaraj, who knew his abductors, was held hostage in Vijay's house, an investigating officer said. The kidnappers had called Yuvaraj's father on Wednesday night and demanded 1 crore as ransom.\"Police teams began a search after the boy's father informed them about the ransom call,\" the officer said. \"They closed in on the abductors at 3.45am on Thursday after they traced the call to the house in Kodungaiyur where Vijay, a native of Tirunelveli, stayed alone.\"The abductors were asleep when police teams stormed the house, around 1.5km from where Yuvaraj lives.\"The accused were interrogated and confessed to crime,\" the officer said. Vijay and Azam Khan have been remanded to judicial custody in Puzhal prison while the others were sent to a juvenile home in Kellys.The gang called Yuvaraj's father Krishnan, an iron scrap merchant in Perungudi, and demanded the ransom three days after the abduction. The boy's family immediately informed the police about the call.The police said Vijay, an engineering student in a university in Pallavaram, masterminded the crime. \"He hatched the plot to kidnap Yuvaraj and extract money from his father,\" the officer said. \"Vijay and his friends invited Yuvaraj, a motorbike racing enthusiast, to East Coast Road for a ride. After riding all day, they went to Vijay's house in Kodungaiyur where they decided to spend the night. Yuvaraj realized that he had been abducted only the next day,\" the officer said.The abductors made the ransom call to Yuvaraj's father at 8.45pm on Wednesday, the boy's mother, Janaki, said. \"The caller told my husband not to approach the police and threatened to chop my son into pieces if he did. The caller then gave the phone to Yuvaraj.Investigators said Vijay had been involved in a few cases of chain snatching. His fingerprints have been sent to the State Crime Record Bureau to check for previous criminal activity. Azam Khan's father, Israr Khan, who has a plastic recycling business, is serving jail term in a Uttar Pradesh prison for killing five people in retaliation for the murder of his brother.\"Azam Khan said the pistols and ammunition belongs to his father,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106429", "title": "Pregnant woman fakes kidnap, molestation", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old pregnant woman complained to the police that she was abducted from Goregaon (E), molested and robbed in a moving vehicle and abandoned in Malwani five hours later, but investigations by the Vanrai police revealed that her claims were false on Thursday.Officials found that she was unhappy with her in-laws and decided to fake her kidnapping.On Wednesday, she met her boyfriend, Mangesh Breed, near a temple and changed from her nightie to a fresh pair of clothes. The duo spent the day together at Borivli and even had drinks, the police said. In the evening, the woman changed back into her nightie and went to Malwani , where she lied to the cops that she had been abandoned by her 'kidnappers' .She also lied that she had been robbed when she had given her gold ornaments to her boyfriend. The ornaments have been recovered and Breed was detained late on Thursday.Earlier, the woman had stated that she had pleaded with her four abductors not to abuse her sexually as she was four months pregnant. She had said the men blindfolded and gagged her.The woman stays with her in-laws at Bimbisar Nagar in Goregaon (E) and earlier worked at a BPO. She had an arranged marriage four months ago, and her husband, who is with the merchant navy, is presently posted in Brazil. The woman's motherin-law is a Bharatiya Janata Party worker.\"The shops had downed shutters for lunch. After waiting for some time, the woman decided to head home. Around 2.30pm, a white Innova sports utility vehicle waiting in the busy market area suddenly stopped near her. There were four men inside, including the driver. The victim claimed that the men pulled her in and forced her to sit in a cramped space near the rear seat. She could not raise an alarm as she was immediately gagged and blindfolded,\" a police official had said earlier.Her father-in-law told mediapersons that she had given them a missed call from her cellphone.The woman was sent for medical examination, which confirmed she had not been raped. A case of kidnap and attempt to commit rape and robbery had been registered. The police questioned shopkeepers in the market area but nobody had witnessed the 'abduction'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12104869", "title": "A day in jail for CM\u2019s nephew, aides", "text": "KOLKATA: The nephew of chief minister Mamata Banerjee, Akash Banerjee, and his three associates were remanded in jail custody for a day for the alleged heckling and assault of a policeman at Kidderpore crossing on Wednesday.The magistrate had initially handed them a two-day jail custody but a battery of defence lawyers successfully argued against it, saying the case diary was too weak to merit any more than a day's jail stay.Akash and the three others - Nitish Singh, Amit Kumar Mishra and driver Md Sarmuddin - will be produced in on March 2. They have already spent a night in police lock-up.The court was abuzz since early Thursday. Trinamool Congress supporters were milling about. The four accused were brought to court lock-up at 11.55am. All four had covered their faces with towels.A retinue of defence lawyers - Tapas Das Chowdhury, Shantanu Dutta, Alok Dutta, Arindam Das and Baishanar Chatterjee- appeared for the accused in the court of the Alipore chief judicial magistrate, Suparna Ray.The defence argued that assault or criminal force could not be substantiated in the case diary, so the four should be granted bail. There was no opposition from the prosecutor, Pijush Kanati Mondal.The defence claimed that all the charges against the accused were fabricated. There is a long and unexplained gap between the time of occurrence and the time of filing the case diary, they pointed out.The magistrate remanded them in judicial custody till March 3 but the defence pressed for a revision of the order, arguing that the four were wrongly charged under Section 356 IPC (assault or criminal force to deter a public servant) while they should have been charged under Section 186 (obstructing a public servant).\"Signal violation is a common offence. But slapping them with 356 is a bit too much. There is no basis for Section 356 in the case diary. It only refers to hot argument, which calls for Section 186. Moreover, the case diary has no reference of medical report which is required to substantiate such a grave charge,\" said Baishanar Chatterjee, a lawyer and a Trinamool leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105322", "title": "Gali taken to Bangalore amid heavy security", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gali Janardhan Reddy was on Thursday shifted from the Central Prison, Chanchalguda to Bangalore, where he will be produced before a CBI magistrate in connection with the AMC mining case.Looking cheerful and sporting a tilak, Gali said 'Satyameva Jayathe,' to the waiting media persons.He was quickly taken in an Eicher Skyline mini bus amid heavy security. A Tata Sumo filled with security personnel followed the vehicle carrying Gali.According to prison sources, Gali Janardhan Reddy, who has been lodged in the jail since September 6, 2011, appeared a bit tense during the day.This was because it was not decided whether he would be taken to Bangalore by road or by air. He requested the court that he should be taken to Bangalore by air and offered to bear the travel expenditure.Prisons department authorities, however, in a letter to the Hyderabad police commissioner said that as per the jail manual, a decision about his mode of transport would not come under the purview of their department.\"The jail manual is clear that once the prisoner steps out of the jail, it is the responsibility of the police to take care of him,\" prisons department director general C N Gopinatha Reddy told TOI.When prisoners are produced in the courts for their trials, the City Armed Reserve (CAR) police under the city police commissioner will provide escort and transport.\"Even in the case of Gali Janardhan Reddy, it was left to CAR to decide on the mode of transport to be provided to him,\" Gopinatha Reddy said.From morning, the area near the prison was teeming with media persons.A contingent of police also arrived at the jail as a security measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12105369", "title": "Fall in Siang river\u2019s level abnormal: Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Arunachal Pradesh is seeking facts from the Centre regarding the drying up of the river Siang, which originates in Tibet and is one of the main tributaries of the Brahmaputra. Arunachal Pradesh suspects that diversion of the river in its upper reaches in China could be the reason for the drying up downstream.\"For about one month now, the Siang is drying up at Pasighat. This is visible from a km away, from the original river bank in Pasighat, where the river has completely dried up,\" said Arunachal Pradesh government spokesman Tako Dabi, who is also the adviser to CM Nabam Tuki.The Central Water Commission (CWC), which monitors the country's river basin systems, claims there is no information of any \"abnormal\" decline in the water level of Siang. \"This is a lean period and water levels of rivers usually come down at this time. We have not noticed any unusual dip in Siang,\" a CWC source said.The Arunachal Pradesh government spokesman agreed with CWC observation but claimed that the fall in the Siang's water level this year is abnormal and not like previous years. \"We have not seen the Siang in such condition in the last 50 years. In 2000, it suddenly created havoc with heavy flood. This year has been unusual and we suspect there might be some kind of obstruction in the upper reaches in China or the river might have been diverted. The Centre should now get the facts behind this phenomenon,\" Dabi said, urging the CWC to make a on-the-spot verification of the Siang at Pasighat.The Arunachal Pradesh water resource department is now collecting data at its gauging station for the Siang at Kumalighat. \"We need to gather technical data. There is a data sharing mechanism between India and China, but only the CWC has access to the information,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "iim lucknow is introducing a new management programme called the executive general management programme for people interested in developing a holistic perspective of key management areas and a strong understanding of the indian and international business scenario. this part-time executive management programme is a one-year programme that will help interested candidates in knowing the essentials that will further guide them in becoming able managers. classes for this programme will be held every saturday between 1", "code": "12109203", "title": "Hone your managerial skills", "text": "IIM Lucknow is introducing a new management programme called the Executive General Management Programme for people interested in developing a holistic perspective of key management areas and a strong understanding of the Indian and International business scenario. This part-time executive management programme is a one-year programme that will help interested candidates in knowing the essentials that will further guide them in becoming able managers. Classes for this programme will be held every Saturday between 1:00 pm to 5:30 pm. Thus, working professionals will get a chance to enrol them for this course and enrich themselves with managerial skills which will ensure a successful stint at their respective work places. Interested persons with a minimum of six years of work experience and 50 per cent marks in graduation can apply for this course for a fee of 2,25,500.One can either apply online at www.niitimperia.com or fill the form available at NIIT Imperia Centres. The students have to appear for the Program Aptitude Test (PAT). The selection is based on candidate profile and performance in the PAT. Last date for application is March 30, 2012.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105791", "title": "Kochi corporation to intensify raids on hostels", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation has decided to intensify raids in hostels and paying guest accommodations in the city to ensure proper living conditions. The special squads constituted by the civic body will carry out raids before next academic year.\"The gravity of the issue came to light when the local body began conducting raids last year. Currently we are focused on issues related to budget presentation. Once the budget is over we will intensify raids on hostels and paying guest accommodations and this will happen before June,\" health standing committee chairman T K Ashraf said.Earlier the corporation had served notices to several hostels in the city over their substandard living conditions. These institutions provide low-quality food to inmates and lack proper sanitation facilities. Despite the initial attempts to crack a whip on such establishments, theBut the local body failed to tackle them.Ashraf said the local body will consider cancelling the licences of those institutions which do not stick to the prescribed standards in food and sanitation.\"While renewing licence we will take into account their previous record. We have also taken action against institutions which run without proper registration and licences,\" he added.The local body has also decided to raid hotels and eateries across the city to ensure supply of quality food. The civic body expects that the move would help prevent outbreak of communicable disease. Special attention will be given to check drinking water supplied through road side eateries. The Corporation officials said that they will start raiding hotels and restaurant s in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105902", "title": "Kingpin of Palarivattom burglary case nabbed", "text": "KOCHI: The city police on Thursday nabbed a person who was involved in burgling 15 shops at Palarivattom on February 19. The arrested was identified as Ambayathodu Ashraff (24) of Thamarassery.A special investigation team (SIT) was formed to nab the thieves as per the direction of city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar . The accused who fled the city after committing the crime was nabbed by the SIT members comprising assistant commissioner Sunil Jacob, North circle inspector B Rajan, North sub inspector S Vijayashankar and Palarivattom sub inspector Gopakumar.The SIT is on the lookout for two other persons -- Paikkadan Ashraf and Wayanad Viswarajan -- who helped the accused rob the shops after breaking open the shutters.According to police, the main accused Ashraff has formed several groups to commit similar burglaries at various places in the state. \"An interrogation of the accused revealed that he along with another person had robbed nearly 40 shops in North Paravoor, Kunnamkulam and Palakkad,\" police said.Besides money, the robbers used to steal valuables from the shop that could be sold immediately. Another prominent member of the group identified as Punjar Mujeeb had already been arrested by the Pattambi police.The SIT was able to track the main accused after they fanned out to various parts of the state and collected details of robbers who were adept at breaking open shutters of shops. Several criminal cases were pending against Ashraff.Born in Ambayathodu near Thamarassery, Ashraf left his home at the age of six after the death of his parents. He took to robbery when he got acquainted with pick-picketers in Kozhikode city. It was his association with Wayanad Viswarajan that helped him develop groups in various places of the state to commit burglary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105368", "title": "All is well on first day for Class 12 students", "text": "CHENNAI: Bhavani Pazhani reached the exam centre half an hour before the bell signaling the end of the first Class 12 CBSE board exam on Thursday. Only when her son Pushkar walked towards her with a grin all over his face did she relax.Anxious teachers and parents waited to greet their wards, only to be reassured that the English Core paper was an easy one. \"My students told me it was a 'no problem' paper. There were no complaints from any of the students, and they all said that they could finish the paper on time,\" said Margrette David Raj, principal of Bhagtavatsalam Vidyashram in Korattur.The students considered themselves lucky to have English as the first exam this year.Last year, it was physics on the first day of the boards. Teachers said that the tough physics paper dampened the spirits of the students who said it was long and contained unexpected questions.\"I was apprehensive initially because it is a new place,\" said Parasuraman K, a Class 12 student. To avoid exam malpractices, CBSE asked students to go to a nearby school to take their board exams. \"It's not the same as playing on your home ground,\" said Parasuraman, a sports enthusiast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105439", "title": "Irregularities found at exam centres", "text": "BHOPAL: The secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) visited several examination centres in the city to review the arrangements for the examinations that began on Thursday.Kedar Sharma, secretary MPBSE inspected around five schools, mostly in Old Bhopal areas and found lapses at the exam centres.At Rana Pratap School in Old DIG Bungalow he found more than twice the number of examinees seated as against the normal strength.The exam centre was allotted in a haste after February 23, when the list of exam centres was declared. According to board sources, political pressure was the reason behind this.While the capacity of the centre was 200, 414 examinees were seated there. The school had also rented a house next to it and the roof had pipes mounted on it so that a tent could be put under which students would write exams.The District Education Officer (DEO) was summoned at the venue and was instructed to shift the examinees to another centre before the next exam.Ubediya Higher secondary School was found lacking proper furniture. Some the students were seated on tent house tables and chairs. Sharma instructed to replace them with proper furniture.Students were found writing exams at the corridors in Model School, Shahjehanabad while adequate arrangements were found at Cambridge School and TM School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105005", "title": "Tax defaulters queue up to pay dues", "text": "KOLKATA: Property tax defaulters have started queuing up at Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) offices after the civic body sent senior officials to their houses a week after the third partial interest waiver on outstanding Property tax scheme expired on February 1.In the past week, senior KMC assessment department officials up to the rank of assessor-collectors have already visited house owners owing the civic body Rs 5 lakh or more.This has yielded results, claimed KMC's Debabrata Majumder, member, mayor-in-council (assessment). Sources in the KMC revenue department said on Wednesday that the civic body had collected Rs 30 crore till date from the waiver scheme. The waiver scheme came into effect for the third time from February1, this year.\"This appears to be an encouraging trend. After sending inspectors and senior officials to the defaulters' houses, nearly 60 major defaulters owing the civic body Rs 5 lakh or more have paid up,\" Majumder said.Municipal commissioner Arnab Roy has asked senior civic officials to keep a tab on the major defaulters who owe the civic body Rs 1 crore or more. \"Till date only two defaulters owing the civic body Rs 1 crore or more have paid their dues. However, around 650 defaulters in the range of Rs 1 lakh have already paid,\" Roy said.The MMiC felt habitual defaulters need to come forward and avail of the waiver offer. \"It's good enough if they come forward on their own. If they fail to pay up, we will take stern steps against them,\" Majumder said.\"We have prepared a list of major defaulters who are yet to pay the principal amount without paying the interest. We will paste posters on the walls of these properties and ask them to pay. If they fail to pay by the April 30 deadline for the waiver scheme, we will raid the properties of the major property tax defaulters and may eventually attach their properties,\" Majumder said on Thursday.The urge to teach habitual defaulters a lesson stems from all too glaring statistics that of 3.5 lakh assesses, 301 defaulters alone owe KMC Rs 900 crore of the Rs 2,600 crore outstanding property tax. The KMC assessment record book shows that a majority of tax defaulters in Kolkata wait for waivers to dodge interests on the principal sum they owe. Records show that the civic body mopped up Rs 157 crore from the 2001 waiver scheme. When the waiver offer was repeated in 2004, the KMC collected around Rs 250 crore as many more major defaulters who had been silent during the first waiver applied for the second.The KMC had an uphill task convincing the state government and governor M K Narayanan to approve this third waiver scheme.State finance department officials suggested that not more than 50% interest on outstanding property tax should be waived.However, after a series of discussions with state municipal affairs department and the KMC top brass, it was decided that the civic body could waive up to 95 % interest on outstanding sums less than Rs 1 lakh.For defaulters owing between Rs 1 lakh to 5 lakh, KMC offered 75% waiver on interest while major defaulters with outstanding sums exceeding Rs 1 crore will get a 50% waiver on accumulated interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105782", "title": "FCI fined '15K for not giving pension on time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failure to give family pension to its former manager in time proved costly for Food Corporation of India (FCI) as consumer forum has imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 on this government agency. According to the complaint, Manmohan Singh of Sector 44, who had retired from the position of manager (depot) at FCI (Chandigarh), had claimed that he was not given full benefits of family pension scheme in time.\"I had retired on November 30, 2007 and was the member of family pension scheme. All formalities and application forms were filled and sent to appropriate authority before my retirement date, but they did not give me the benefits even after my retirement. I sent them a legal notice on March 2011, but to no avail. Later, I moved the consumer forum,\" said Singh.However, during arguments, the opposition party's counsel said there were some discrepancies in the papers. They claimed that the complainant was intimated but he failed to submit the requisite documents, due to which, the case could not be processed.However, after submission of the complaint, his pension case was settled by the opposition party. The consumer forum imposed a fine on them for causing mental agony and harassment to the complainant. Forum also directed them to pay Rs 10,000 to the complainant as compensation and Rs 5,000 as cost of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12108368", "title": "Proview eyes settlement with Apple", "text": "BEIJING: A lawyer representing Proview International Holdings Ltd in its dispute with Apple Inc over the iPad trademark in China said he \"hopes\" the US company makes contact to begin settlement talks.Roger Xie said the two sides haven't held any formal negotiations on the issue of which company owns the right to use the iPad brand in the world's most populous nation. Lawyers presented arguments for almost six hours yesterday at the Higher People's Court of Guangdong before being asked by the three- judge panel if they wished to settle.\"Up to now, we didn't have any formal negotiations with Apple,\" Xie said in a telephone interview today. \"I hope they will positively contact us and make an appointment with us about formal negotiations out of court. It would be useful.\"Apple has appealed a November ruling by a lower court that the trademark belongs to the Shenzhen unit of failed display maker Proview. Apple claims its 2009 purchase of the rights from Proview's Taiwan unit covers the mainland.Judges adjourned yesterday's hearing without giving a new court date or a timeframe for a ruling. Under Chinese law, the time limit for ruling on an appeal is three months, although that can be extended in exceptional circumstances, Xie said today.Consumer confusion? Apple's Beijing-based spokeswoman, Carolyn Wu, didn't immediately return calls and e-mails seeking comment.Consumers in China have come to associate the iPad trademark with Apple and allowing Proview to use the brand would cause confusion, the US company's lawyer, Shi Yusheng, told the appeal hearing yesterday.\"Who created the value of the iPad trademark?\" Shi asked the judges. \"I think everybody knows the answer.\"Losing the appeal would open Apple to lawsuits seeking damages and enable a ban on iPad sales in the Cupertino , California-based company's biggest market outside the US.The dispute centers on whether Proview's Taiwan unit, which Apple paid 35,000 British pounds ($55,000) to use the iPad name in mainland China, had the right to sell it or whether that rested with the Shenzhen unit and its creditors, including Bank of China Ltd and China Minsheng Banking Corp. Apple sued Proview Shenzhen in 2010, claiming ownership of the trademark in China on the basis of a December 2009 contract the US company says gave it global rights to the name in 10 countries.Apple sales The Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court rejected Apple's claims on November 17. The court said the purchase agreement was signed in the name of Proview's Taipei-based subsidiary, Proview Electronics Co, which failed to demonstrate that the transfer was approved by the Shenzhen unit that owned the mark.Proview's Shenzhen unit obtained the iPad trademark in China in 2001 for a desktop terminal with a touch-screen display called the Internet Personal Access Device, or iPAD, that the company developed starting in 1998.About 20,000 of the devices were sold over more than 10 years, according to Rowell Yang, chairman of the Shenzhen unit.Sales of Apple's iPads topped 32 million worldwide last year, earning revenue of $20.4 billion. In less than two years, the device has become the company's second-best selling product by revenue, behind the iPhone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "12107082", "title": "Quake of moderate intensity strikes Andaman", "text": "PORT BLAIR: An earthquake of moderate intensity tonight jolted the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.The quake, measuring 5 on the Richter scale, struck at 11.23 pm, a Met department statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111672", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan questioned by London Police", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan may well be loved by all but probably not as much by the London Police.Shah Rukh, who is shooting in London for Yash Chopra's next with Katrina Kaif was reportedly questioned by the UK Police.The shooting of the filom which also stars Anushka Sharma has been going on in London for the past several days and in true Yashraj style, strict measures are being taken to ensure that no footage or even a picture gets leaked online. And for the same purpose, the UK Police is working with the security of the Yashraj Film's on the sets to prevent any fan to to take any picture of the shoot.And since the UK Police is involved, there is constant checking of the people and cars in the vicinity. And according to reports, it was during one of these routine checks that SRK's car was stopped by the police. Shah Rukh was also apparently questioned by the local police on some matter which is still unknown.After some exchange of words with a few policemen, Shah Rukh got into another car and got away from the scene immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104908", "title": "Bihar budget aimed at development: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Replying to the two-day debate on the 2012-13 budget in the state legislative assembly on Thursday, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said that this is a growth-oriented budget aimed at economic reparation with development.He said in the last five years, Bihar had taken strides to be among the fast-moving states, but the legacy of poor development and addition of 25% population every 10 years were the factors coming in the way of the state's bid to reach the national average of per capita income. Bihar also could not get the benefit of the policy of liberalization, which benefited mostly the western and southern states while the first Green Revolution benefited Punjab and Haryana. A great chasm was created and Bihar slid down substantially, Modi said.He said in 2005-06, the state's per capita income was Rs 7,813 and had risen to Rs 15,268 in 2010-11. Modi said a national-level economist had stated at the recent global meet that if the additional fund of Rs 180 per person given in a year to Bihar under the Backward Region Development Fund ( BDRF) was increased to Rs 25,295 per person then after 10 years, Bihar might match the frontline states in the country and reach the national average of the per capita income.Despite making efforts for pacing up the development rate, it is difficult for Bihar to match the frontline states without getting the special category state status, he said. Modi added that the situation is such that the Centre had, under the Sarva Shisksha Abhiyan ( SSA) in 2011-12, provided Bihar only Rs 21,000 crore out of Rs 38,000 crore provided in the central budget for Bihar. The Centre had given Rs 17,000 crore less to Bihar for the current financial year under the Total Literacy Mission, he added.Modi said capital expenditure from the budget allocations had improved from 8% in 2005 to 20% in 2010-11 and development expenditure had improved from 39% in 2003-04 to 52% in 2010-11. But all this would not help in economic reparation of Bihar hence the grant of special category state status to Bihar with sufficient fund is essential for its redemption.Modi said a recent trend is that the Centre is promoting plantation of cash crops in Punjab and Haryana in a big way.He said the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) was also pro-northern states where it supplied power at cheaper rates from the thermal power stations using coal from Jharkhand and supplied power to Bihar at higher rates by realizing freight surcharge on the supplied power for the imported coal used in the NTPC plants supplying power to Bihar. Modi said a Karnataka minister had recently visited Patna with his official team to study the Bihar model of the RTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12104964", "title": "Kishanji aide among five nabbed in city", "text": "KOLKATA: The dramatic arrest of a Maoist leader in front of the Presidency University gates on Wednesday morning culminated in one of the biggest rebel busts in Bengal, with five top rebels - including the head of the Maoist central technical committee - hauled behind bars.According to intelligence sources, this indicates that the Maoists could be considering a strike in the heart of Kolkata to announce their comeback after Kishanji's killing. Blueprints of IEDs were found in the rebel hideouts.It was a joint operation by Kolkata Police's Special Task Force (STF), and Greyhound commandos from Andhra Pradesh. The biggest catch is Sadanala Ramakrishna alias Santosh, who hails from Karimnagar in Andhra Pradesh and was very close to slain politburo member Kishanji, say sources. A mechanical engineer, he heads the rebel technical committee and was instrumental in developing the Maoists' IED technology. Kishanji, the military strategist in charge of operations in eastern India, was shot dead by security forces in the Hathilot forest of West Midnapore on November 24, 2011. His death was a huge setback for the organization and the guerillas have been trying desperately to regroup in the state and carry out a major strike.The first person to be nabbed on Wednesday was Sadanala's junior in the central technical committee, Deepak Kumar alias Rajesh alias Prakash, who hails from Durg in Chhattisgarh, an STF officer said. Kumar's arrest on College Street sparked rumours of an abduction. Around 11am on Wednesday, a white Bolero had screeched to a halt outside the Presidency gates. Five burly men got out of the SUV, grabbed a young man and pushed him into the vehicle, as locals and students looked on in shock.Kumar screamed for help and locals chased the vehicle up to the College Street-MG Road crossing where it turned right towards Sealdah. The Bolero doubled back and took SN Banerjee Road towards Esplanade. Near the Rafi Ahmed Road crossing, it knocked down a biker and was stopped by a traffic sergeant, who got suspicious when he realized that the front and rear registration plates had different numbers. The STF personnel in the SUV, however, got the sergeant to call up the police control room which ordered him to allow the vehicle to pass.This was followed by the arrest of Sukumar Mondal alias Swapan Roy from North 24-Parganas, Sambhu Charan Pal from Hooghly, Bapi Mudi of Burdwan and finally Sadanala. All five were produced in Bankshall Court on Thursday and remanded in police custody for 14 days. Interestingly, they have not been charged under UAPA. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is not in favour of UAPA and recently crossed swords with the Centre over the setting up of National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC).\"After arresting Deepak, we got leads about Sadanala and the others. Several locations in Kolkata and the suburbs were searched. At Belgharia in North 24-Parganas, police seized six sockets packed with explosives that are used by Maoists as improvised rockets,\" an officer said.The police said that 25 bullets, 2kg of explosive material and Rs 5 lakh in cash were seized during the raids. It is alleged that the technical committee was training Maoist cadres from Bengal to make IEDs.The arrest of 65-year-old Sambhu Charan Pal, a resident of Diyara near Singur in Hooghly, led to considerable consternation among relatives and friends. According to his wife, Pal was a daily wage-earner at a furniture shop in Belgharia. \"I can't believe that this man is associated with Maoists,\" a local panchayat leader said.The police, however, say they have found links between Maoist leaders and Singur residents. \"We also came to know that several students from Jadavpur University, who have Maoist links, visited Singur during the movement,\" another officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105022", "title": "Spurt in rape cases worries governor", "text": "KOLKATA: What is a minor incident for state urban development minister Firhad Hakim is not so for West Bengal governor M K Narayanan. \"Akash should not have hit a policeman in uniform,\" the governor said on Thursday, while responding to questions on the Kidderpore incident that led to the arrest of chief minister Mamata Banerjee's nephew Akash Banerjee. The governor then added that \"such incidents of assault on policemen on duty are not new. I think this is a problem for the police\".The governor didn't hide his concern over the spurt in rape incidents in the state some of which have been dismissed by the CM as \"cooked-up\".\"Bengal used to be one of the safest places in the country. Now, the rapes are not being indulged by outsiders but people from Bengal. I think it is the duty of all of us to protect our women and children. Police are taking steps. Rapists are being caught. I am talking to the police, the CM is talking...\" the governor said. The governor appealed to the media not to sensationalize the cases. \"Rather than sensationalizing this issue as to whether it is three, two or one (rape case), I think it is bad. I think a single rape of a woman is bad for all of us. Numbers are not important,\" he said.On the assault on mediapersons at Ganguly Bagan, the governor said: \"A journalist should not be beaten up. For that matter, no one should be beaten up. This is a free country and everyone is free to make observations. I don't put journalists in any different category.\"The governor's view came as a shot in the arm for the opposition, who have been protesting against the chief minister's bid to downplay the rape incidents at Park Street, Katwa and Falta as \"cooked-up\" incidents. Leader of the opposition Surjyakanta Mishra had called on the governor a few days ago to complain against the deteriorating law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105763", "title": "LDA officials seal illegal building in Nishatganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: An enforcement squad of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), on Thursday, cracked down on an unauthorized building in Nishatganj and sealed it.According to the LDA authorities, the building was owned by one Vinod Agarwal in lane number 4 of Nishatganj. Zonal engineer (enforcement), RN Singh said that the building was being constructed in an unauthorized way and therefore deemed to be sealed. The action was taken under provisions prescribed under UP Urban Planning and Development Act 1973.Singh said that there was resistance from people, which was, however, overcome with the help of police.The building was later handed in the custody of Mahanagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105153", "title": "Another fake DVAC man held", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) sleuths on Thursday arrested D Kanniappan (47) of Vellore for posing as a DVAC official to extort money from Ravindran, a junior PWD officer, in the city. On Wednesday, E Radhakrishnan (40) of Royapettah and PWD employee D Mohanraj had been held on similar charges.Police said the three accused along with three others had extorted Rs 6 lakh from Ravindran over the last six months. Radhakrishnan and Mohanraj were nabbed on Wednesday accepting Rs 2 lakh as bribe. Following the arrest, DVAC sleuths had been receiving calls from several people who claimed they had fallen prey to the gang. \"We have asked them to come in person to give the inputs about the accused,\" a police officer said.A team of DVAC deputy superintendents S Thirunavukarasu, Md.Iqbal and Balasubramaniam and inspectors Ramachandran and Vijay Charles made the arrests.\"The gang members are believed to have extorted more than Rs 50 lakh in the past one year posing as DVAC officials,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104607", "title": "No budget till new civic body takes charge, says UDD", "text": "PUNE: The state Urban Development Department (UDD) has ordered that the outgoing standing committee and the general bodies (GB) of the municipal corporations not to take any policy or financial decisions since the new bodies will be formed in March or April. In Pune's case, this means standing committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar will not be able to table the civic budget for 2012-13.The circular issued on February 29 said, \"Elections for the 10 municipal corporations were conducted on February 16 and the new houses will come into existence in March/ April. The term of the outgoing GB and standing committee will continue till the new bodies come into existence. However, it would be inappropriate that the outgoing bodies take policy and financial decisions. Municipal commissioners should bring this to their notice and take appropriate action.\"In Pune, the term of the outgoing GB and the standing committee will end on March 14. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had tabled the draft budget before the standing committee last week. The general procedure dictates that the standing committee chairman discusses the budget with committee members and prepares a final draft and tables it for approval before March 31, the deadline to approve the budget.Bidkar had insisted that he could present the budget, but the circular says otherwise. In this case, Pathak's budget will come into implementation. If the new committee prepares and approves the budget before March 31, this budget will be implemented by the civic body.\"The state government's move is politically motivated and illegal. The BJP will approach the chief minister and the municipal commissioner. As the standing committee chairman, I have the authority to table the budget,\" Bidkar insisted.Though the term of the existing standing committee ended on February 29, he said he retained his position till a new chairman is elected. \"I had started the process to prepare the budget and present it before the GB before March 31,\" Bidkar told reporters.The NCP and the Congress leaders are happy with the developments. \"We do not want to execute the budget prepared by a BJP corporator. The state government's circular has made it clearer,\" an NCP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105621", "title": "2 crore Indian children study in English-medium schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The last eight years have seen a staggering rise in the number of children studying in English-medium schools across the country. Data on school enrolment for 2010-11 shows that, for the first time, the number of children enrolled in English-medium schools from Classes I to VIII has crossed the two crore mark - a 274% rise since 2003-04.For the fourth year in a row, English is the second-largest medium of instruction in India, ahead of both Bengali and Marathi, according to a yet-to-be released report on countrywide school enrolment by the National University of Education, Planning and Administration (NUEPA) under its District Information System for Education.\"The collection of information under DISE has improved over the years, and now gives a true picture of enrolments by medium of instruction across the country,\" says Professor Arun C Mehta of NEUPA.While Hindi, Marathi, Bengali and English have all seen a rise in enrolment in 2010-11 when compared with the previous year, the rate of increase is highest for English.While there is an obvious demand for the English language in India, academicians and policy-makers believe state governments are handling this demand in an extremely unimaginative manner.\"There is a wealth of research which shows that the best medium of instruction for a child to have a conceptual understanding of a subject is his mother-tongue. Just because people want their children to study English does not mean that they need to enroll them at an English-medium school. If Indian-language schools did a good job teaching English, parents would not need to send their children to English-medium schools,\" said R Govinda, vice-chancellor of NUEPA. He himself studied in a Kannada-medium school where he picked up good English, he pointed out.\"There has been extensive research to show that the number of years for which children study a language does not necessarily translate into them being able to speak or read the language. It is seen that if you show mastery over your first language and can read and write it fluently, you can learn a second language, such as English, a lot faster,\" says Professor Anita Rampal, dean of the faculty of education at Delhi University. She points to countless instances where textbooks are in English but children can't make sense of them.\"Several states have seen a spike in the number of private schools, many of which call themselves English medium, though they don't teach much English,\" says Govinda. But Vinod Raina, an architect of India's Right to Education Bill, feels the recent NUEPA data should not be interpreted as a rise in enrolment in private English-medium schools alone, as several states, such as Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Punjab, are themselves adopting English medium for government schools.Raina, who has studied the education system in J&K; and Punjab, says that teachers in these states are bitter about being forced to teach in English without being equipped to do so, with disastrous consequences. \"This is not simply a question of one teacher having to teach the English language, but about all teachers suddenly having to transact in English,\" he says. \"That government schools are turning Englishmedium does not, in any way, mean that either teachers or students at these schools can speak a word of English,\" says Raina.Rampal points to an urgent need for a well-deliberated national language policy, in the absence of which individual states have taken arbitrary decisions regarding English.Many, like Shyam Menon, director of Ambedkar University, believe that the rise in the number of children at Englishmedium schools reflects the aspirations of India's middle class, which believes that an English education translates into greater upward mobility, irrespective of the quality of education delivered at many schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12105658", "title": "HC directs TNEB to consider plea of contract workers", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday directed the chief engineer of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to consider the representation given by the contract workers of Valuthur Gas Turbine Power Station, Ramanathapuram to regularise them and dispose of the representation within a period of four months.Originally, the contract labourers worked in Valuthur power station for a period of about 10 years. When the then electricity minister visited the power station on July 3, 2006, the contract workers approached the minister and submitted a representation to confer them permanent status in TNEB.The minister, in turn, directed the EB to take immediate efforts to regularize the services of those contract workers. The TNEB appointed a committee for the purpose of certificate verification and to identify the contract workers. The verification process took time as the list contained about 138 contract labourers and the direction was only to regularize 86 contract labourers. The superintending engineer forwarded a list of 102 workers on the basis of an interview conducted to ascertain the genuineness of the work experience. Though the list was sent as early as on August 6, 2010, the fact remains that no further action was taken to select 86 workers out of the list containing 102 names.Seeking a direction to the TNEB immediately to absorb them, around 75 contract labours have filed the petition in the Madurai bench.According to the petitioners, the TNEB should identify 86 contract labourers out of 102 contract labourers and steps should be taken immediately to absorb them in the department. No further action was taken to select 86 workers out of the list containing 102 names. When the petitioners found that the assembly elections would be announced shortly, immediately they filed this writ petition. In fact, the petitioners have very clearly stated that in case of election, they would not be given appointment by the succeeding government.Disposing the writ petition filed by the contract workers, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The electricity board has already taken action to identify 86 contract labourers. The list prepared by the superintending engineer contains the names of 102 contract labourers. It is for the chief engineer to identify the workers and to proceed in accordance with the decision taken earlier to regularize their services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12105465", "title": "\u2018Uniforms have certainly enhanced the dignity of schoolteachers\u2019", "text": "Always in the news and not new to controversies, senior IAS officer Aparajita Sarangi was recently transferred from the school and mass education department in the midst of panchayat polls, fuelling speculation that schoolteachers, fed up with her nononsense attitude, arm-twisted powers that be to remove her. Sarangi, who has since taken over as secretary, higher education, tells Sandeep Mishra that she never disregarded her political superiorsQ: You seemed to have settled down well as secretary, school and mass education.Why do you think you were transferred when the panchayat polls were underway? A: Transfer is an incidence of service. It happens. Why should I look for reasons? This is the fact.Q: But there were allegations that schoolteachers pressurized government bosses to remove you. What do you think about it? A: I am not the right person to comment on that. Government orders are supreme and I carry out orders to the best of my ability, sincerity and dedication. Beyond that I don't think much.Q: Did you have any unfinished agenda in school and mass education, something you wanted to do but did not get the time? A: We had started lots of work. Through team work, we achieved certain things and gained appreciation from all quarters. I have a deep sense of satisfaction about my stint in the department.Q: Do you think you could do justice to all aspects of the department? A:We focused on primary education and certainly made some difference. Secondary education needs more focus; the government has planned certain measures like beautification of school campuses and further streamlining of midday meal scheme. I am sure those things will be done in the days to come.Q: Why is it that you court controversies wherever you join and have running battles with your immediate political bosses? A: I don't think it is at all true. We are bound by laws. I am an obedient government servant and always work within the framework of rules and regulations. I have never disregarded my bosses or overstepped my limits. Which is why, I received tremendous support wherever I worked.Q: One of the much-discussed initiatives during your period as school and mass education secretary was introduction of uniforms for schoolteachers. Why do you think uniforms were necessary? A: Basically, we wanted to ensure discipline in the system. Wherever I worked I have stressed on discipline as it is the core issue for any institution. We cannot achieve the deliverables without discipline. Moreover, uniforms have enhanced the dignity of teachers and given them a new sense of identity. This has contributed in a positive way to the overall atmosphere of education. The general public has appreciated it. I have the self-satisfaction for being part of that initiative.Q: So, should we now expect a similar thing for college teachers? A: No..(laughs)....not necessarily. I have not given it a thought.Q:Why the need for uniforms to discipline schoolteachers? Would you advocate uniforms for all categories of government employees? A: Uniforms have certainly increased schoolteachers' dignity. Discipline is imperative for all, but not everywhere uniforms will work.Q: You have worked in different government institutions at different levels.What do you believe are the reasons for so much indiscipline in the system? A: I feel accountability is lacking. We have to be honest to our job chart. When the government is giving some responsibility to some employee, it expects the individual to fulfil it.We have to shoulder that responsibility effectively and address our clientele.Q: You have earned a no-nonsense reputation and instituted disciplinary action against lots of schoolteachers. Do you feel it was required? A: Majority of the teachers are good and that is why the system is working. We issued appreciation letters to large number of teachers. I visited 19 districts during my 19 months in the department. The percentage of teachers who faced disciplinary action is very less. We were forced to take action because of absenteeism or recalcitrant behaviour. But I can tell you nowhere action was taken without due inquiry.We took action as the government is spending a lot of money and expects teachers to deliver.Q: From school and mass education, you are shifted as secretary, higher education. What do you feel are the deficiencies plaguing higher education in Odisha and what would be your priorities? A: I have just joined as secretary, higher education, and will take some time to understand the issues. My predecessors did commendable work in e-governance. A major concern is vacancies in teaching and nonteaching posts. Besides, grievances of employees have to be addressed and timelines fixed.Now there is no timeline.We would set deadlines for completing each item of work to reduce harassment. Every Saturday, a grievance cell would be open for public and their grievances redressed within stipulated period of time. Quality education is also an area of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103775", "title": "Govt gets HC nod to hold gurdwara poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday gave the go-ahead to the government to conduct the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) elections, directing it to fix a fresh schedule for the polls soon.A division bench of Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw allowed the plea of the Delhi government that was filed against a single judge's order restraining it from issuing a notification for next month's DSGMC elections. The February 7 order of the single judge had directed the city government to update, within a month, the DSGMC electoral rolls with photographs of voters. The directorate of gurdwara election (DGE) also challenged the single judge order which directed it to complete delimitation in 46 wards within a month.Reversing the single judge order, HC observed, \"The process of delimitation and of preparation of fresh electoral rolls is undoubtedly a lengthy process and no error can be found in the lieutenant governor's decision to give more weightage to the holding of elections.\"The bench declined to interfere in the decision of the LG. \"The work of delimitation and/or preparation of fresh electoral rolls, if found to be necessary, shall be undertaken immediately after the elections and ought be completed well in time so that such a situation does not arise the next time,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104580", "title": "PMC to seek grant to replace octroi", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has said that if the state government decides to abolish octroi, it would prefer taking a monthly grant from the state instead of imposing the local body tax (LBT).Most of the state governments abolished octroi when the value added tax (VAT) was introduced six years ago. However, octroi is still being charged in Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and Mumbai.Hemant Nikam, PMC octroi department chief, said the corporation would seek Rs 100 crore in grant every month if octroi collection is stopped. Octroi is a major source of revenue for the civic body. \"The PMC's annual revenue from octroi for 2011-12 will reach the Rs 1,250-crore-mark by March 31. If the state plans to abolish octroi, then, it should give a suitable grant for the corporation to make up for the major chunk of revenue,\" Nikam said.In the Rs 3,290.66 crore civic draft budget for 2012-13, revenue from octroi has been shown at Rs 1,357.50 crore, which is 41% of the total revenue. Property tax at Rs 611.86 crore (15%) and development charges of Rs 586 crore (17%) are the other two main sources of revenue.The PMC has opposed the LBT, citing that it was not possible for the civic body to have micro network for tax collection at ward levels. Civic officials have also said that a cess based on the accounts of traders, instead of collecting octroi, too, was not feasible.Traders have repeatedly demanded that collection of octroi must be stopped as it affects their business. They have said that too much fuel and time is lost due to the extended delay at check posts. They are mounting pressure on the state government yet again this time as the state budget for the year 2012-13 is expected to be passed soon.The state government has failed to take a decision on the abolition of octroi even as three different committees were appointed to look into the issue in the last 20 years. An account-based cess is one of the alternatives being proposed. The last committee, which was headed by Subodh Kumar, suggested a combination of capital-value based property tax, user charges, additional VAT and additional property tax to replace octroi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106831", "title": "Autorickshaws to go off roads from April 16", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters across Mumbai and neighbouring cities would be held to ransom by autorickshaw union leaders once again. The biggest such union, led by Sharad Rao, on Thursday announced an indefinite auto strike in these areas from April 16 over the issue of fare hike.Rao has demanded a hike of Rs 5-Rs 11 to Rs 16-in the minimum fare in Mumbai and Thane. He also wants a Rs 2 increase for every subsequent kilometre travelledfrom the existing Rs 7 to Rs 9.\"More than 7.5 lakh autos in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and Kalyan will go off the roads,\" he said. When reminded about the inconvenience this would cause to commuters, a defiant Rao said: \"Don't blame me. The state government will be responsible for our agitation.'' The Rao-led Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union had been asking for a fare hike for some time. \"We don't want fares to be linked to fuel price hike only. It should be based on the cost of living index for the past 11 months,'' he said.Rao said several auto drivers had a hand-to-mouth existence in Mumbai and there were huge liabilities-in terms of increasing costs of CNG maintenance and steep prices of spare parts- as well. \"Look at drivers operating in cities such as Bangalore and Mangalore. They charge a minimum fare of Rs 17 on the minimum distance. Why can't this be done in Mumbai as well?\" the union leader argued , adding that he was asking for a rupee less, though. Rao said he avoided going on a strike in March and the first fortnight of April due to the HSC, SSC and school exams . \"I do not want students to face any inconvenience .\"Providing a bizarre justification for the strike call, a member of his union claimed that several Mumbaikars would be out on vacation in April and the agitation would not affect the public in a big way. Activists, however , said Rao was holding the city to ransom once again. \"Why should he stop auto services to raise his demands? There are other methods, like holding a morcha or moving court,'' said one of them. Rao said he had already moved court on the issue of electronic meters and would file another writ petition against the BEST administration , demanding a \"no profit , no loss\" undertaking. Transport officials said they were looking into the demand for a fare hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105379", "title": "Stalin cast as social media star on birthday", "text": "CHENNAI: M K Stalin is usually described by the DMK's cadre as their 'thalapathy'. On his 59th birthday, he was conferred a few more titles including one that referred to him as 'Kalaignar's Sun' and another that seemed to suggest that he ought to be the one with the maximum friends on DMK's Facebook page.Activists, well-wishers and others were clearly vying with each other to greet him in the most creative manner possible. Some posters on Cenotaph Road had a message in Hindi for the former torchbearer of anti-Hindi agitations in the state. \"This day has come many times and the heart has sung again and again. May you live a thousand years and let every year have 50,000 days,\" was borrowed from a famous Hindi song of the 60's. The poster signified the North Indian community's relationship with Stalin. \"A majority of residents in Sowcarpet, Mint, Thiruthani Street and other places in the area are North Indians. The party and 'thalapathy' have done a lot of work here, so we as a community are wishing him,\" said L Shanthilal, the DMK worker who designed the message.Roads from Stalin's residence on Chittaranjan Road in Alwarpet to Anna Arivalayam (the party headquarters) in Teynampet were all decorated with posters, banners and buntings, in the DMK colours of red, black and yellow, with Stalin caught in all manner of poses --- greeting, waving, smiling or showing the victory sign.The variety was equally present in the banners. Some made puns, some made political statements. One, apparently meant to show Stalin's importance to Karunanidhi, said, \"March 1 is Kalaignar's Sun.\" Party workers though insisted that there was no underlying political reason. \"Everyone tries to come up with the best posters. If the leader complements us, it is an honour,\" said a worker who did not wish to be named.A poster, on a wall opposite Stalin's residence, had the word 'Facebook' in blue, in the social networking site's original font. While most who zipped past just noticed 'DMK's Facebook' emblazoned close to Stalin's photo, a closer look revealed the message: \"Our address that gathers all the party cadres is the DMK's Facebook'.Some party leaders also used the opportunity to congratulate Stalin for being conferred with the 'Kentucky Colonel Award,' an honour bestowed by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in recognition of service to a community, state or nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104785", "title": "Congress\u2019s poor show: Partymen demand Bhoir\u2019s resignation", "text": "PUNE: In the wake of Congress party's poor performance in the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) elections, where its seat strength went from 20 to 14, a section of disgruntled party workers and office-bearers from the twin township have demanded the resignation of party's city unit president Bhausaheb Bhoir and president of the city women's wing Padminiraje Mohite.The group recently met state president of Congress Manikrao Thakre in Mumbai to put across the demands. Sandesh Navale, Congress candidate who lost the municipal election from the Pimpale Gurav ward, alleged, \"The state unit had sent election funds for party candidates, but it did not reach anyone. Bhoir had said that handbills carrying information about the corruption that had taken place during the Nationalist Congress Party's rule would be distributed before the elections, but nothing of that sort happened.\"Navale demanded that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Thakre appoint a clean and loyal party worker as the president of the Pimpri-Chinchwad unit to replace Bhoir. Shyamala Sonavane, secretary, All India Mahila Congress (I), also alleged that some of the decisions taken by Bhoir were wrong. She said that loyal party workers were denied nominations.The Congress could not nominate candidates for 29 seats and that Bhoir did not prepare a plan for election meetings of Congress leaders. She also said that Bhoir and Mohite should have campaigned for the party candidates instead of contesting the municipal elections. Similar charges were made by Girija Vyas, a Congress rebel, who lost the election.Replying to the charges against him, Bhoir said, \"The people making allegations had rebelled against the party in the municipal elections and are venting their frustration since they lost their deposit in the polls. The Congress workers should have aired their grievances at party meetings and not before the media. They have shown indiscipline.\" Bhoir also said that the decisions of selecting party candidates and regarding election meetings had been taken by the party card committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105175", "title": "MP scribe murder: Driver killed journalist, kin for cash, say cops", "text": "BHOPAL: The state police on Thursday claimed to have cracked the murder case of Umaria-based journalist Chandrika Rai. Officials said that Rai and his family members were murdered by his driver Ramesh Yadav for money.Rai (43), his wife Durga (39), son Jalaj (20) and daughter Nisha (17) were found murdered on February 18. After a fortnight-long joint operation of STF, CID and Umaria district police, it was concluded that the family was murdered for money.Additional director general, STF, Sanjay Choudhary said, \"In a pre-planned manner, Yadav came to Rai's house on February 17 and requested them to allow him to stay there for the night.\"He then first murdered Rai while he was watching TV in his office, which was adjacent to his house. The accused twice smashed the rod of car's jack on Chandrika's head that led to his death on the spot. Later, Yadav went to the bedroom and killed Chandrika's wife with the same rod. He went to another room and killed the deceased's daughter and his son who were watching TV in his room.The accused then covered the bodies with quilt and tried to destroy the evidences after the crime. Yadav stayed at the spot for at least four to five hours and picked up around 250 grams of gold ornaments, around Rs 22,000 cash, silver ornaments, three mobile phones and the ATM card, informed STF chief Choudhary.After committing the crime, the accused went to his brother-in-law's place who resides in a village close to Umaria and there he washed his clothes. He also kept the bag containing the jewellery there itself.He became a suspect for the police when they went through the bank transactions of Chandrika Rai. Like any other criminal, Ramesh also left clue for the police when he went to withdraw money using Chandrika's ATM card. Further investigations revealed that he had withdrawn Rs 3,000 from an ATM in Shahdol, a day after his murder.According to the police, he was in immediate need of money for his brother's marriage. The 22,000 cash he collected from Rai's house after murder was used in booking bus for his brother's baraat and a band for the marriage that took place on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12105511", "title": "2,500 buildings to be demolished soon", "text": "LUDHIANA: At least 2,500 commercial and residential establishments violating the PUDA act would be razed in the coming days as the municipal corporation (MC) will soon start a drive. The PUDA Act 1995 says any commercial and residential building should be constructed leaving five metre distance from the main road. Buildings violating this norm should be dismantled, it says.The civic authorities had issued notices to the violators around a year ago and have decided to go ahead with the demolition now, following the intervention of high court. The drive would be conducted on National Highway 1 from octroi post of Jalandhar bypass to Dhandhari octroi post, Samrala Chowk to Chandigarh Road octroi post and on Ferozepur Road and Gill Road.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"We would start the demolition drive in a day or two against over 2,500 violators on various roads, including NH-1, scheduled roads and bypasses. We had notified them well in advance and ita??s time to take action against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108351", "title": "Imran Khan on Phineas and Ferb", "text": "Like David Beckham, Taylor Swift and Ben Stiller , the young Khan will soon be interviewed by the US based cartoon charactersDavid Beckham has been a part of it. And so have Taylor Swift, Emma Roberts and Ben Stiller. And now, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Imran Khan is soon going to join the league and get interviewed by the two cartoon characters Phineas and Ferb. If all goes well, the actor will soon be a part of the show Take Two with Phineas and Ferb - The Asia Chapter.Though Imran refused to talk about it saying, \"I don't have the liberty to talk about this. We are trying to work this out,\" his spokesperson confirmed that the makers of this US based show have indeed approached the actor.In fact, the actor, according to a source close to him, had been approached for the show earlier as well. However, due to his choc-a-bloc calendar, Imran couldn't be a part of the show at the time.Now, the actor has however decided to give the offer a second thought. Since the makers of the show approached him again, he has been trying to make time for it, revealed the source.\"Imran wants to do the show but is busy with Vishal's Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola. The shooting for the film will go on for the next two months. But he is very keen on being on the Phineas and Ferb show. It has got him really excited,\" added the source.However, whether Imran will go to the US to shoot for the show or the makers will arrange for the show to be shot in India for the actor, is still undecided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12106082", "title": "10 candidates in fray for Athagarh bypoll", "text": "CUTTACK: Ten candidates are in the fray for the Athagarh by-election on March 18, informed election officials on Thursday after scrutinizing nomination papers of candidates.While the BJD has fielded Ranendra Pratap Swain, Congress has pitted Suresh Mohapatra and BJP has put up Bikram Das as its candidate. Swain heaved a sigh of relief as his nomination paper was not rejected this time.\"No nomination forms have been rejected. Ten candidates are in the fray for the Athagarh bypoll,\" said collector Girish SN. Samruddha Odisha and Utkal Bharat parties also fielded their candidates for the by-poll.While Brototi Chatterjee is the candidate of Utkal Bharat, Gagan Behari Rout is to represent Samruddha Odisha in the election. Five candidates --Anam Chandra Mohapatra, Subas Sahoo, Bijay Biswal, Bhagirathi Rout and Ranjan Mishra -- are contesting as independents. Campaigns gained momentum on Thursday with candidates from all parties visiting door-to-door to woo voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103644", "title": "Split MCD\u2019s first vote on April 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Election Commission has set the ball rolling for the municipal polls. Elections for the three new corporations will be held on April 15 and the Model Code of Conduct would come into effect from March 5. In a first, the poll panel has planned a special door-to-door campaign to ensure a good voter turnout.Apart from advertising in newspapers and television, the commission will organize a massive exercise in which close to 7,500 booth-level officers will individually deliver invites to all voters in their respective areas. The invites will have details of the polling station, booth number and a message asking people to use their right to vote.\"A lot of people don't vote as they are not sure about their names being in the list. A week before the election, our officers will hand over the invites to voters. We don't want voters to end up in a situation like Arvind Kejriwal,\" said Rakesh Mehta, state election commissioner. Kejriwal couldn't cast his vote during UP elections as his name was not there in the voter's list.The last MCD elections recorded a poor voter turnout of 42 per cent. However, the poll panel is hopeful that this time the turnout will be more than 60%. \"People should exercise their franchise as the civic agency is a part of their lives from cradle to cremation. Municipal councillors solve our day-to-day problems,'' said Mehta. To ensure more people come out to vote, the commission decided to hold the elections on April 15 as April 5, 6 and 7 are holidays.The poll panel is also planning to organize walkathons, street plays and seminars to motivate people. \"We are talking to a few companies regarding the campaign and looking at newer ways to reach out to maximum people. We will finalize the campaign soon,'' said Mehta.Following the delay in the announcement of election dates due to court cases, the EC has decided to notify the municipal election on March 19. Candidates can file their nominations between March 19 and March 26. The result will be declared on April 17 and new corporations will be formed by April 21.With close to 112 lakh people voting for three different corporations, the commission has a mammoth task ahead of it -updating the electoral rolls. \"We have given detailed maps of the corporations and wards to returning officers so that the boundaries of the new bodies are not crossed,'' said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12103550", "title": "Woman ends life", "text": "GONDIA: Usha Sonwane (35) strangled herself to death at her home at village Ghogra in Tiroda tehsil on Wednesday afternoon.The mentally sick woman was alone at home. Around 12pm, she strangled herself. The cause of suicide was not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12110156", "title": "Image of beer drinking Jesus outrages Christians in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A monthly catholic community magazine carrying an image of Jesus Christ holding a beer can in one hand and a cigarette in the other in its February issue caused outrage amongst subscribers of the journal. The image was a tweaked version of the Christ and the sacred heart.The magazine, Pavan Hruday Doot, is printed at the Gujarat Sahitya Prakash Society in Anand town, which is the publishing house of the catholic Jesuit community for South Asia . The magazine is an official mouthpiece of Catholics in Gujarat.Three days ago, one of the subscribers in Vatva area;s Vatican Park society, Manoj Mackwan, felt outraged after seeing the picture on page 30 of the magazine and registered a police complaint with the Anand town police. A case under section 295 and 153(3) of the IPC was registered by the police and is being investigated by Anand town police inspector PK Deora.When asked about the FIR, Deora told TOI, \"A case of hurting religious sentiments has been registered. Last evening, I received a memorandum by the Christian community members in Anand apologizing on behalf of the publication. The image was small in size and black and white in nature and was downloaded from the internet. It was a tweaked version of the most common image that we see of the Christ. The publishers had claimed that they failed to notice the beer can and the cigarette in Christ's hand as it was not clearly visible in black and white.\"The publisher and the 12 member editorial staff, which includes two priests, have now apologized for the mistake. The publishing house has even carried an apology on their website on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12105721", "title": "Class V student barred from exam, scared to go back", "text": "PANCHKULA: The student of Class V, who was not allowed to take his final exam on Wednesday morning because his school fee was not paid, was taken to a hospital after he complained of uneasiness. He feared to go to school after the incident. The district education officer (DEO), Nalini Mimani, has directed the school authorities to allow the child to sit in the exam.It was on Wednesday morning that Kunal Chugh, 10, a student of Blue Bird High School, Sector 16, Panchkula, was not allowed to take exam and made to stand outside for three hours. The DEO said the school authorities are not allowed to bar a student from taking exams due to non-payment of fees as the same can be paid in the next installment along with the due fine. \"I have filed a complaint with the DEO and CBSE director. My son went into depression late Wednesday night and we had to take him to a private hospital. He says he is scared to go to school as he is reminded of their misbehaviour,\" said father Praveen Chugh. He added, \"Though, I have paid the fees but I know the authorities would always nurse a grudge against my child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105343", "title": "UPSC mains results declared", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 330 candidates from the state are expected to have cleared the civil service examinations, the results of which were declared on Thursday evening. A total of 550 candidates from the state had appeared for the examination which was held in October 2011.The Union Public Service Commission has announced that out of a nationwide 12,993 candidates who appeared for the examination, just 2,418 have managed to secure qualifying marks. Personality tests or interviews for those who have qualified shall commence from March 19. About 900 candidates are expected to be appointed this year.Coaching experts from the city said that this year, the entire examination process had been advanced by about a month. \"The results have been declared about 10 days earlier than in the previous years. The final results could be expected by May 1,\" said Gopal Krishna, director of a coaching centre in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106347", "title": "'Lack of faith' results in attacks on policemen: Retired cops", "text": "PANAJI: Increased public aggression coupled with lack of faith in the men in khakhi, has led to increased incidents of attack on the policemen, believe retired policemen and psychiatrists.Sample this: last year, an agitated and angry Balli protestors pelted stones on the police, forcing them to backtrack. Even during the rally by the pro -mining lobby in Panaji, the police were pushed and shoved by the protestors. On last Saturday night, five policemen were injured, two of them seriously, after being attacked by locals at Velim village.While psychiatrists claim that there is general frustration amongst the public and police are visible targets as they are seen as the icons of a failed administration and machinery, the retired police officers state that the men in khakhi are to be blamed for their situation.\"The morale of the police is at an all time low and the police bosses are to be blamed for the situation. If the local police have sold their heart and soul to the politicians, the IPS officers have become stooges in the hands of the politicians and fail to motivate their juniors\", former SP Alex Rasquinha said.He added, \"Most of IPS officers come here on a holiday mode for 3 years. They party and entertain their guests and expect their juniors to arrange for the same, and in the process lose respect of their juniors. The entire police force is politicized and people know it and don't trust the police\".Former SP RD Lotlikar said that there was a time when people had absolute faith in the police. \"But that doesn't seem to be the case today. The top police brass needs to do some rethinking and ensure that there is a police-public connect\", he said.However, activists claim that public is forced to react in a violent manner, as the police behave \"irresponsibly\". Said activist Fr Maverick Fernandes, who was strongly promoting the need to pass the Goa Police Bill said, \"Police need to learn better man management and handle issues in a more mature manner. The police-public interface has to improve and the personal rapport that a policeman shares with the general public has also to increase\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105395", "title": "Power shutdown in Chennai tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on March 3 from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.Alandur: Alandur, Maduvankarai, Adambakkam, Meenambakkam, Thiruvalluvar Nagar, New colony, V V colony, Subbareddy colony.Pulianthope: Sydenhams Road, Kannappar Thidal, Ribbon Building, Sundharapuram, Nehru Timber Mart, Appa Rao garden, Demellous Road, VOC Nagar, Ambethkar Nagar, Ammaiammal Street, Kuttithamburan, Kannikapuram, Gandhi Nagar, Powder Mills Road, Sathiyavani Muthu Nagar, Part of Flower Bazaar, Elephant Gate, Pulianthope high Road, Jafarkhan Street, Bolnayakan Street, Natcharammal Street, Mannarsamy Street, Narayanasamy Street, DecaStreeter Road, Mothilal Street, Kattur Nalla Muthu Street, Angalamman koil Street, Ashtapujam Road, KM garden, Periyar Nagar, Pathasarathy Street, Munusamy Nagar, Avadi Srinivasan Street, Arimuthu Street.Mahalingapuram: Tank Bund Road, Tank Parallal Road, Streeterling avenue, Part of Streeterling Road, Pushpa Nagar, Rajaji 1, 2, 3rd Street, Pushpa Nagar main Road, Lakshmanan Street, Nachiappan Street, Vaikundhapuram, Sarojini Street, Mahalinga Chetty Street, Saraswthi Street, Noor Veera Samy Street, Vijayalakshmi Street, Ramanaickan Street, Kumarappa Street, Melpandi Muthu Street, Jaganathan Street, Krishnamachari Street.Korattur: Chavadi Street, Kamaraj Nagar, Thirumalai Nagar, Jumbukeswarar Nagar, K.R.Nagar, KaStreethuri Nagar, Central avenue, Venkatraman Nagar, S.R.S.Road, Kannagi Street, Railway Streetation Road, Bharathi Nagar, Pillayar koil Street, Manickam Pillai Street, SaStreethri squre, Malayathamman koil Street, Nehru Nagar, Perumal koil Street, Pothiamman koil Street, T.M.P.Nagar, Mathialagan Nagar, Part of MTH Road, Raja Street, Mogappair Road, Gopal Naicker Nagar, Thiruvalluvar Street, Vanniar Street.Supply will be resumed before 5.30pm if the work is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104682", "title": "Land Ports Authority to be set up soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday operationalized the Land Ports Authority of India (LPAI) that was set up under a law to put in place security systems relating to cross-border movement of passengers, vehicles and goods and also to manage functioning of all Integrated Check Posts (ICPs).The LPAI, comprising a chairman and two full-time members, will have representation from both Central and state governments. Its office will temporarily be housed in Vigyan Bhawan Annexe here till the Authority sets up its own headquarters in the national Capital.\"Home ministry has notified the establishment of the LPAI with effect from March 1 under the Land Ports Authority of India Act, 2010,\" said the home ministry in a statement.It said the Authority has, among other tasks, given the responsibility to develop ICPs at designated points along international border in India.Five out of seven ICPs - sanctioned in the first phase - are under construction, whereas the ICP at Attari is expected to be operationalized shortly. These posts are being constructed to facilitate border trade with neighbouring nations and to set up high-tech security system to check illegal immigration and smuggling of goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi/alappuzha", "code": "12106913", "title": "Two killed as ship rams boat off Alappuzha", "text": "KOCHI/ALAPPUZHA: Two fishermen were killed and three others went missing after an unidentified ship rammed into their boat 12 nautical miles off Manakkodam light house in Alappuzha between 12.30 am and 1 am on Thursday. Two others were injured in the incident.The incident comes two weeks after two Indian fishermen were shot dead by the security detail of the Italianflagged tanker, the Enrica Lexie , off the Kollam coast.Kollam collector P G Thomas told TOI that the two killed in the collision have been identified as Justin from Kovil Road and Xavier Antony of Chavara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105132", "title": "Dravidian rule didn\u2019t help Tamil language: Ramadoss", "text": "CHENNAI: PMK leader S Ramadoss said that 45 years of Dravidian rule contributed nothing towards promoting the Tamil language and culture. Instead it created a class of neo brahmins and alienated Dalits, minorities and other socially suppressed sections, he told reporters here on Thursday.He said the party is going to organize a seminar on \"Myth of Dravidiam\". Ramadoss said he is ready for a public debate with the dravidian leaders over their contribution. He attacked M Karunanidhi for his recent comments on Dravida Nadu. \"Whenever he is out of power, he will raise the Ariyam and Dravidam issues. They are not eradicating caste from a single street in the state,\" said Ramadoss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106141", "title": "Gang members had planned more crimes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The gang members who broke into the bungalow of Nirma's chairman Karsan Patel had planned out a string of crimes in different parts of Gujarat.\"They planned to murder Gova Rabari, a convict lodged in Vadodara jail. The contract to kill Rabari was given to the gang by history-sheeters, Abdul Wahab Shaikh and Shiva Mudaliyar. Shaikh, a former member of the Latif gang, was recently released from jail, while Shiva is lodged in Rajkot jail. The gang had been promised Rs 1 crore for the murder of Rabari who is a rival of Shiva and Shaikh,\" said crime branch officials.\"Shaikh, Shiva and Rabari were lodged together in Sabarmati jail at a time and had clashed with each other to establish their gang's supremacy behind bars,\" said a police official.\"Shiva's role is now clear in the plot to kill Rabari. However, till the main accused Mustafa is caught, we cannot take any action against Shaikh. If Shaikh's role is established we shall initiate punitive action,\" the official added.The gang was also planning to murder a youngster in Mehsana. This was a contract killing where no money would change hands. \"The murder was planned owing to a friendship between a lawyer and criminals. When Mustafa was in Bhuj jail, the sister of an advocate who was then in touch with the history-sheeter, had eloped with her lover and got married without the lawyer's consent. The lawyer had asked Mustafa to kill his brother-in-law,\" said the official. The gangsters had also planned angadia loot in Kadi and Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105553", "title": "In Indore, dust pollution crosses permissible limits", "text": "BHOPAL: It is official. The respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) in Indore is beyond permissible limits, the state government admitted in the state assembly. However, the presence of sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide is within the tolerable limits.Replying to a call attention motion raised by Sudarshan Gupta of the BJP in the assembly on Thursday, minister for housing and environment Jayant Mallaya said sustained efforts to control pollution levels in Indore have yielded results.The minister attributed the ongoing development and construction works in Indore to high levels of the RSPM, also known as dust pollution.He told the House the level of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and RSPM are being continuously monitored by the MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) at three places of the city- Kothari Market (commercial area), Vijay Nagar (residential) and Sanwer road (industrial area). The minister said except the RSPM, level of the other two was found within permissible limits.The problem of RSPM would also be solved after the development works being carried out in are over, the minister told the House.He also said in the last three years no industries that could create pollution have been set up in Indore.However, he added, in 2010, the Comprehensible Environment Pollution Index (CEPI) of Indore was quite high-71.28- and Indore was declared as critically polluted area by the union ministry of environment and forest. Consequently, he said, development works in Indore were prohibited. However, sustained efforts in the last two years yielded results and now the CEPI level has come down drastically and now it stands at 61.93. The Union government also lifted a ban on development works after a drop in CEPI, he said.Earlier, Sudarshan Gupta, BJP MLA from Indore said that Indore is an extremely polluted city, more polluted than the four metros of the country, he said expressing concern. Gupta also told the House that because of the high level of pollution, the residents are suffering from a variety of health problems, including allergy and respiratory problems. He also told the House that the traffic police of Indore is worst-hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104731", "title": "CPM, independents to join hands", "text": "NASHIK: A hung house with a fractured mandate has put the spotlight on smaller parties and independents in the Nashik Municipal Corporation as they try to play kingmakers.As a first step, the CPM that has won three seats and six independents, who have been elected to the 122-member house, have decided to come together to set the agenda for Nashik.A meeting between the CPM and the independents is scheduled for Friday to discuss the course of action.On Thursday, the six independents joined hands and registered a political group-Vikas Aghadi-with the Nashik divisional revenue commissionerate. The CPM on its part is planning to prepare a five-point common minimum programme in consultations with the independents.The other splinter group, the Janrajya Agahdi that has won two seats, is yet to decide on joining the proposed 'pressure group' of independents and CPM.\"We are having a meeting with the CPM on Friday to decide on the common minimum programme and we will support the party that will agree to it,\" independent corporator Sanjay Chavan told TOI.CPM state secretary D L Karad said they will chalk out the five-point common minimum programme with the independents and reiterated that they will extend support to the political party that agrees to implement it.\"The five-point agenda includes transparency in governance, improving educational standards of NMC schools, developmental works as per the needs of citizens, generating revenue source and improving the situation of playgrounds and gardens in the city,\" Karad said.Meanwhile, Janrajya Agahdi has put forth its own set of demands for getting its support.\"We will support that party in ruling NMC which will give development package for Satpur and Cidco divisions,\" said Janrajya Aghadi secretary Santosh Gosavi.Meanwhile, rebel Congress candidate Gurmeet Bagga has been made the group leader of the independents.The recently held elections to NMC saw Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) emerging as the single largest party winning 40 seats, while Shiv Sena won 19, BJP 14, Congress 15, NCP 20 and RPI (A) 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12104811", "title": "Bengal police units in pitched battle", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The stand-off between the West Bengal police and Eastern Frontier Rifles (EFR) in Salua developed into a full-blown clash on Thursday, with EFR jawans allegedly turning up armed, and in uniform, to fight alongside the women who have laid siege to the Counter-Insurgency Force (CIF) barracks over a molestation complaint.Police lathicharged the EFR jawans and families, who retaliated with bricks and sticks, causing the CIF jawans to seek refuge in a nearby Indian Air Force base. There are allegations that EFR personnel opened fire at least thrice from their service weapons.A CIF jawan, two women constables and two police drivers have gone missing. Executive magistrate Dilip Chowdhury is trapped inside the EFR compound. At least 12 police officers and state commandos are injured. TV channels beamed footage of the policemen running for their lives, while chased by women. Kharagpur SDPO Dipak Sarkar, local OC Arunava Das and town OC Biswajit Das are among the injured. Two state commandos, bleeding profusely, were taken to Kharagpur hospital.There was tension in the area since February 24 when CIF jawans clashed with families of EFR personnel and Salua locals. Eighteen CIF men were injured. On the evening of February 28, the daughter of an EFR jawan said she was molested by a CIF jawan. EFR families gheraoed the CIF barracks that has been set up inside the EFR complex and demanded to be let in to identify the suspect. Police tried to move the besieged CIF personnel to a safer location but the women blocked their path and forced the bus back into the barracks.Around noon on Thursday, Sarkar and Chowdhury arrived at the head of a huge police force. Chowdhury appealed to the agitators to shift the blockade elsewhere as Madhyamik examinees use the Kharagpur-Keshiary road. While Chowdhury was talking, a scuffle broke out. Two women from the crowd of protesters allegedly bit a woman cop and tore off her belt. The police lathicharged the crowd, which dispersed soon.Little did police know what was in store. While they got busy clearing the traffic jam, the locals came back at 3pm prepared for a fight. Police said all three battalions of EFR jawans came out armed and in uniform and hurled themselves at the policemen, who beat a scattered retreat. The police party fired teargas shells to cover their retreat but to no avail. The Salua mob thrashed them with sticks and rods. Gunshots were also reportedly heard.Tension has been building up in Salua since May last year when the state set up the CIF barracks in the EFR compound. While doing a status check of the campus, CIF authorities found 50 acres encroached by 432 \"illegal settlements\" of retired EFR jawans. They informed the DGP and the authorities decided to fence off the compound. This infuriated the retired EFR personnel and their kin, which in turn sparked the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104158", "title": "25% of Indian births not registered", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 25% of children born in India don't have any identity. The Registrar General of India's (RGI) data shows that the birth of 6.6 million children went unregistered in 2007.When it comes to deaths, 2.8 million did not get registered. In India, an estimated 26 million births and about nine million deaths take place every year. Together, approximately 35 million \"vital events\" have to be registered annually. However, the data reveals that only 11 and five Indian states boast of 100% birth and death registrations, respectively.Bihar records only 26% of births and 25% of deaths (the lowest in the country on both counts). Unicef's State of the World's Children 2012 report says, 59% of births in urban India are being registered and the corresponding figure is 35% in rural areas.RGI officials said \"The birth certificate is the first identity of a child and is vital for any country to record 100% of these two vital events of birth and death. India's birth registration stood at 54.5% in 1996. In 2007, it increased to 74.5%, a 20% increase.\"They added, \"Death registration in 1996 stood at 47.7% that increased to about 70% in 2007. Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are the two worst performing states since they have the highest population and low registration levels. If these two states are taken off, national average of birth registration will increase to about 88%.\"In 2007, Arunachal Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Kerala, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Chandigarh, Delhi and Puducherry are some the states that recorded 100% birth registration.Maharashtra recorded nearly 92% of births, Goa (97.9%), Gujarat (97.8%), West Bengal (97%), Sikkim (93.9%), Karnataka (92%) and Haryana (91.6%).In 1996, only eight states had recorded 100% birth registration that dipped to seven states in 2000 and then rose to 11 states in 2007.Some states have recorded remarkable progress due to the RGI's birth registration camps. Rajasthan that registered 22.6% births in 1996 recorded over 83% births in 2007, while in Manipur it rose from around 16% to over 77% during the same period. Birth registration increased from around 45% (1996) to 73% (2007) in MP, from 35.7% (1996) to over 77% (2007) in AP. In Assam, it increased from 27% (1996) to over 74% (2007).The RGI says Article 7 of the UN convention on the Rights of the Child states, \"The child shall be registered immediately after birth and shall have the right from birth to a name, the right to acquire a nationality and as far as possible the right to know and be cared for by his or her parents.\"Some estimates say globally about 40 million children are born annually without being registered. Around six out of 10 unregistered newborns are in south and south-east Asia.Experts say the birth registration certificate is a vital requirement for a child to get admission in school, right to vote, obtaining driving licence and passport and the right to marry after attaining marriageable age.The advantage of registration of death is to relieve the individual from social, legal and official obligations and establish the claim on property, insurance and social security benefits.Goa, Chandigarh, Delhi and Puducherry recorded 100% death registration. Arunachal Pradesh (26.6%), Assam (30.9%), Bihar (25.3%), Jharkhand (46%), Manipur (48.2%) and Uttarakhand (44.8%) lagged behind in death registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105714", "title": "DAVV may partially outsource evaluation centre work for early results", "text": "INDORE: Under pressure to declare results on time and acute shortage of staff, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) has decided to partially outsource its work of the evaluation centre. The varsity has prepared an agenda, which will be put up at the executive council meeting for its consent scheduled to take place on Saturday. If approved, the data entry of marks will be outsourced to a private firm that will work for timely results declaration process.The varsity officials believe that since 1986, the strength of students increased manifold while many of the staff members retired continuously, which forced them to take the route of outsourcing data entry part at evaluation centre.Dr Rajkamal, vice-chancellor, DAVV, said, \"Work load has increased and there is shortage of staff. So we are planning to outsource data entry part of the evaluation centre. After implementation of semester system, it is becoming difficult to declare results in bulk. Outsourcing will reduce the load of the process.\"The VC said that the varsity would outsource the work at computer centre for all UG courses as there is heavy load on university to declare results. \"Results of medicine and PG courses will not be outsourced.\" When asked if the decision were to affect the confidentiality of results, he said that outsourcing was the only solution that could help the varsity declare results on time.However, some senior faculty members questioned and opposed the decision of the varsity. They feel that university is already under scanner for alleged manipulative results and outsourcing will mitigate the authenticity of the results.\"Till now action can be taken if someone is found indulged in manipulating the result. With outsourcing proving accountability will become difficult,\" one of the faculty members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106107", "title": "Govt earmarks Rs 500 cr for Metro project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city has over 30 lakh vehicles, which include 20 lakh two-wheelers. This is 22 per cent of the total vehicles registered in Gujarat, the state assembly on Thursday was informed by urban development minister Nitin Patel in his reply to Naroda MLA Mayaben Kodnani's question.The minister said that to ease off congestion on the city roads, the government has taken measures like Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar Metro project.The state government has in the last budget allocated Rs 50 crore for the metro project and another Rs 500 crore have been allocated in the budget for the year 2012-23.Patel said that a company has also been formed to take the project forward on the public-private partnership model. Patel said that the 45-km project connecting Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar is now taking shape as all necessary studies have been completed.Leader of Opposition Shaktisinh Gohil without naming any person sought to know from the government as to who was appointed as the chairman. \"Is it some corrupt person or an IAS officer who has been appointed as the chairman?\" he asked.He also accused the government of allocating funds in an election year. The project was planned long back, but nothing much has been achieved. He sought to know from the government when was the project planned.Patel said that the project was planned in 2005, but since this involved a very high technology, a detailed study is being taken up and hence the so-called delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12106021", "title": "CIAL-HUDCO formula to end dispute over loan", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) and the Housing Development Corporation (HUDCO) have evolved a formula to end the long-pending dispute over loan repayment.According to the formula, CIAL's entire loan burden would be cleared with HUDCO accepting the Rs 107.5 crore deposited by CIAL with the debt recovery tribunal (DRT), New Delhi as loan repayment. From this amount, HUDCO will spend Rs 10 crore to buy the airport company's shares, CIAL sources told TOI here.The formula worked out after discussions between CIAL MD V J Kurien and HUDCO MD V P Baliga in New Delhi, will be implemented only if CIAL share holders' general body approves it. The CIAL management has convened a general body meeting on March 31 to discuss the proposed formula, sources said. If approved, HUDCO will be able to possess nearly 3% of CIAL shares. CIAL had availed Rs 143 crore from HUDCO during 1995-2000 in four tranches for constructing the airport.It defaulted in repayment as its revenue was insufficient to service the loan after the airport started operation in 1999. CIAL started making profits in 2003, and its MD Kurien entered into a deal with HUDCO for loan repayment by fixing the consolidated outstanding as Rs 175 crore. The airport company then made a down payment of Rs 120 crore to HUDCO. Out of the balance amount of Rs 55 crore which CIAL had to repay, Rs 52 crore was to be converted into CIAL shares, and the remaining Rs 3 crore was to be repaid in cash. However, HUDCO did not get the necessary government approval for buying CIAL shares.In 2004, CIAL offered to repay Rs 52 crore, also in cash. But HUDCO declined to accept the amount and insisted on getting CIAL shares at par value. The impasse continued till 2006 when HUDCO filed a petition before DRT. CIAL then decided to remit Rs 73 crore (including the interest burden on the outstanding amount of Rs 52 crore) as security amount with DRT. CIAL and HUDCO agreed for an out of court settlement towards the end of 2011. By then the security amount had grown to Rs 107.5 crore. The details of settlement were worked out only a couple of days back, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111010", "title": "Abhishek, Hrithik promote London Paris New York", "text": "Abhishek and Hrithik are praising the promos of London Paris New York. If you think the duo is promoting new talent Aditi Rao Hydari and Ali Zafar then you are wrong.The truth is both actors are supporting their best pal Goldie Behl who has produced the film. Released today all over India LPN has been co produced by Shristi Arya.Hrithik who is shooting in Hyderabad failed to attend the private screening of the film tweeted to Goldie, \"Forget d private screening, I want to watch with the audience. London Paris New York has the most refreshing promos I've seen in recent times. Well done golden! Looks like a winner!\"While Abhishek managed to attend the private screening of the film said, \"It's a simple cute film with a BIG heart ! Aditi was wonderful in the film\" said Abhishek who worked with her on Delli6.Goldie indeed has amazing friends. Dost ho to Aisa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103508", "title": "Pub security supervisor beaten up", "text": "GURGAON: A security supervisor was allegedly beaten up by the manager and a bouncer of a pub in Sahara Mall on Wednesday night. Police have lodged an FIR and are investigating the case.According to the police, the security supervisor, Kamlesh, in his complaint said that the incident happened around 10 on Wednesday night, when he was in front of the pub, Last Chance, and some renovation work was going on inside the mall. Lalit Tyagi, the manager, and Dharmendra, a bouncer of the pub, were standing near a grill inside the mall. When the security supervisor asked them to move away from the spot, they started beating him up and threatened him with dire consequences. They fled from the spot soon thereafter.The victim received injuries and his colleagues rushed him to the Civil Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108846", "title": "A dream girl called Hansika!", "text": "Actress Hansika is all smiles. The reason? She's being awarded the 'Dream Girl of Kollywood' by a Tamil association in Singapore.Says an excited Hansika, \"I'm in Singapore to attend the function. The association feels that I've had a good year (2011) in Kollywood and that I've managed to charm the audience. I'm very happy to be called Kollywood's 'dream girl'.\"Meanwhile, the actress is also happy that the audio of her next film in Tamil, Rajesh's Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, starring Udhayanidhi Stalin as the hero, will be launched by Suriya and Karthi.\"Uday has big plans for the event, and I can say for sure the audience will have a blast, witnessing the event. I will be coming down from Singapore to attend the launch on March 5, and fly back there,\" says Hansika.The Engeyum Kadhal girl is also busy with Simbu's Vettai Mannan in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105129", "title": "HC directs govt to look into complaints against top cop", "text": "CHENNAI: On a petition which alleged that torture, assault and sexual misconduct against a family were carried out on orders from the then Coimbatore commisioner of police (CoP) in 2010, the Madras high court has directed the secretary, public department, to look into the complaints.In his affidavit, G Karunairaj, the petitioner, said C Sylendra Babu, present IG, North zone, was then CoP, Coimbatore. Justice V Ramasubramanian, passing orders, said the complaints should be inquired into to \"avoid an impression that serious allegations against higher officials would get wiped under the carpet.\"The petition by Karunairaj, currently confined at the special camp for foreigners at Chengalpet, sought for the GO on his confinement to be set aside. His petition has been allowed, with the judge directing authorities to allow the petitioner to move out of the camp.In his plea, Karunairaj said he was in a Chennai hotel room on August 21, 2010 with his wife Jayanthi and children - an 18-year-old girl, a six-year-old boy and a five-year-old girl - when a team of plainclothes policemen entered at midnight and said the Coimbatore CoP wished to speak to him. The petition said Karunairaj was assaulted and the officers molested his wife and eldest daughter while taking them to Coimbatore.Subsequently, several cases were foisted on him and he was remanded in police custody. Though he was released on bail on November 8, 2011, an order was passed the following day to detain him under the Foreigners Act, 1946. His advocate M Shreedhar said Karunairaj was, in fact, an Indian citizen and possessed several documents, including a PAN card and driving licence, to prove it. During the hearing, Karunairaj gave a statement that he was assaulted by two persons at the camp \"in the name of the Inspector General of Police,\" the order said.\"The fact that the petitioner was assaulted in the special camp is an indication that there is something more than what meets the eye. A constitutional court cannot turn a blind eye to such happenings,\" the judge said. Pointing out that the GO seemed to have been passed in haste, Justice Ramasubramanian noted, \"the petitioner never had an opportunity to contest the claim that he is a foreigner.\"While Karunairaj had made \"very serious allegations\" against officers, including the then CoP, Coimbatore, of outraging the modesty of his adolescent daughter, the judge said, \"There is no whisper in the counter affidavit filed by the secretary, public department, as to whether any kind of inquiry was conducted by the government on such allegations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105824", "title": "Hike in traffic fines to add muscle to cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cabinet approval for hike in traffic fines has come at a time when Delhi is gearing up for two major technological advancements in traffic management - the echallan system and night-vision cameras all across the national capital.While cops say enforcement of the hike in fines will be made possible through the two technological changes where catching an offender and recording repeat violators will be made easier, people in Delhi fear higher fines would only translate into more hefty bribes.Welcoming Thursday's development, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said, \"This will act as a deterrent to traffic violators and we believe that violations will go down significantly. Traffic management will become easier due to greater compliance.\"Police welcomed the timing of the cabinet approval of the increase in fines, as it will add muscles to their endeavour for better enforcement. The e-challan system is expected to be effective at the ground-level in three months while traffic police is already in the process of acquiring new cameras, which will be able to detect violations at night.The worst offences in Delhi are jumping of red lights, dangerous driving, drunken driving and over speeding. Greater enforcement under these sections will result in better traffic management, said a senior police officer. These offences are major contributors to accidents in Delhi and compromise road safety the most, the police said. \"Jumping red lights is a serious offence that can result in accidents but the fine is only Rs 100. Catching violators is not enough, they are unmindful of the fine because the sum is paltry,\" said a senior traffic police officer.However, this has also raised concerns that the increase in fines will increase corruption among police. \"Cops will now have reasons to harass the common man while relatives of bigwigs will go scot-free in some cases. It is good that the government is coming up with harsher punishment for traffic offenders. But at the same time corruption and misuse of power by traffic police should be checked,\" said Ratika Dang, an interior designer working in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104636", "title": "Fee committee hearings on March 5, 6", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court-mandated Shikshan Shulka Samiti (fee fixation panel) has set the ball rolling for the finalisation of a new policy for the tuition fees of health sciences and higher and technical education courses (H&TE;) for academic year (AY) 2012-13. The panel will hold open sessions on March 5 and 6 in Mumbai for health sciences and H&TE; courses, respectively at the Chetana Institute of Management and Research opposite the collector's office in Bandra (East).\"Each session will involve all the stakeholders including students, parents and representatives of academic institutions, from across the state. Their feedback on critical issues will be incorporated in the new norms,\" P E Gaikwad, office secretary to the panel, told TOI on Thursday.The panel, headed by a retired high court judge and comprising a chartered accountant and professional academician as other members, handles, on an average term, proposals from over 2,000 H&TE; and 500-plus health sciences institutions every year. The focus remains on declaration of ad-hoc fees for new unaided professional institutions, which are to go functional from the impending AY; approval of interim hike in tuition fees for the existing institutions; and the final approval of fees against the proposals submitted by the institutions. The difference between the interim and the final fees for a given AY is adjusted by the students and the college managements.Usually, a revision in tuition fees is done on the basis of the audited financial statement of accounts and balance sheets for the last financial year, which are furnished by the institution along with their fee revision proposal. Since the new institutions are not in a position to furnish such audited statements before completing one year in operation, they are allowed to charge an ad hoc fees declared by the panel.On the other hand, the interim fees has to be declared by April every year considering that admissions to most professional courses are done between June and August whereas the institutions get their audited statements two to three months after the end of the financial year following which they are able to submit the same with their fee revision proposals.Post-scrutiny of these proposals, the fee panel starts declaring the final approved fees from September onwards every year. Last year (AY 2011-12), the fee panel had allowed 10% and 7% interim hike over the final approved fees for AY 2010-11, for all H&TE; and health sciences institutions, respectively. Gaikwad said, \"The open hearings will deliberate on the quantum of interim hike for AY 2012-13 besides possible improvements in the existing fee fixation norms. The basic thumbrule of dividing the cost of education (incurred by an institution in last financial year) by the total number of students to work out the fees, remains unchanged.\"\"There are other issues like how to apply the cost towards salary especially the 6th Pay burden; advertising expenses; basic infrastructure; sanctioned or actual number of students; development fees; incentives for accreditation and teaching faculty development initiatives etc. for calculating the fees, will be discussed threadbare at the open hearings,\" he added.The panel has already asked all unaided professional colleges to put up details of the impending open hearing sessions on their website and notice boards. \"The colleges and the students/parents are free to submit their proposals for modification,\" the fee panel has stated in the minutes of its meeting held last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105137", "title": "2 Swiss nationals robbed in Orchha", "text": "BHOPAL: Two Swiss women were robbed of their wallet containing cash, mobile and camera at famous tourist place Orchha in Tikamgarh district on Thursday, police said.An unidentified man with a lathi (wooden rod) came when Naomi, 19, and Dominique, 20, were relaxing on the sand of Betwa river at a deserted place, close to Kanchnaaghat and snatched their wallet containing Rs 3,000 cash and fled, they added.The shocked foreign tourists, hailing from Zurich-the largest city of Switzerland , have registered a case with police against the unidentified accused, Orchha police station Inspector Mannu Babu Sharma said.Both were camping in a hotel at Orchha from February 25 and the two were to visit world famous Khajuraho temples.Police have launched a hunt to arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "12105520", "title": "Central nod for Phase-II of multi-modal transport system", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: With the Union Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure approving the Multi-Modal Transport System (MMTS) Phase-II on Thursday, the much-delayed project has inched closer to execution. Once completed, it will improve connectivity to the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in Shamshabad.The MMTS Phase-II project was conceptualised at an estimated cost of Rs 632.68 crore, two-thirds of which will be borne by the state government and remaining by the Indian Railways. The project is slated for completion during three years of the current Five-Year Plan (2012-17).The Phase-II project has been divided into two stages. In stage 1, estimated at Rs 317 crore, the Falaknuma-international airport (costs about Rs 85 crore), Tellapur-Patancheru (Rs 32 crore), Secunderabad-Bolarum (Rs 30 crore) and Sanathnagar-Moula Ali (Rs 170 crore) sections would be taken up.In stage 2, the Moula Ali-Malkajgiri-Sitaphalmandi (Rs 25 crore), Bolarum-Medchal (Rs 74 crore) and Moula Ali-Ghatkesar (Rs 120 crore) would be taken up. Also, passenger amenities at different stations in the city and more rakes (MMTS coaches) were incorporated in the MMTS Phase-II.On the Tellapur-Patancheru stretch, restoration of tracks and electrification would be taken up, while on the Secunderabad-Bolarum stretch electrification and remodelling of stations would have to be taken up with the funds. On the Sanathnagar-Moula Ali, Moula Ali-Malkajgiri-Sitaphalmandi, Bolaram-Medchal stretches, doubling and electrification would be taken up for MMTS connectivity. The MMTS currently serves 1.6 lakh passengers daily, which is a major jump from last year's traffic of 1.2 lakh passengers a day.\"Now that the cabinet committee has cleared it, it is likely that the MMTS Phase-II project will figure in the 2012-13 Railway Budget and our list of sanctioned works for next year,\" a South Central Railway (SCR) spokesperson told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106146", "title": "Work but no pay for teachers, medicos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: No less than 300 teachers of the BJ Medical College are working without salaries since the last two months. The reason, according to college authorities, is irregular payments of financial grants.The teachers say: \"We got our December, 2011, salaries on January 25 this year. That was the last salary we got since we have not got paid for January and February. It is now becoming difficult to make ends meet. Usually our salaries are paid by second of every month.\"The same fate is shared by close to 700 PG medical students working as resident doctors at the Civil hospital. The students too have not got their stipends since the last two months. Each of the students get Rs 20,000 per month.\"Several professors have paid for their housing loan installments and other loans by cheques. These now stand to be dishonoured since there is no money in our bank accounts,\" said the hapless teachers. The students on the other hand complain that they are having to call for money from home.\"The problem is that sanction of financial grant that the state government pays is irregular since last year. This has caused these problems. We hope the issue will be sorted out soon,\" said college authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "thirvananthapuram", "code": "12106908", "title": "Developmental action plan for Kerala in 45 days", "text": "THIRVANANTHAPURAM: You will soon have a low-cost gadget in hand to test the purity of water. Ensuring pure drinking water through scientific , traditional knowledge based low-cost strategy, forms part of the six-point agenda proposed for Kerala's Developmental Action Plan.This was decided at an expert committee meeting on Kerala's Developmental Action Plan (KDAP-2030 ) held here on Wednesday. \"Within 45 days, the Kerala Action Plan will be finalized and for that a high level working group will be constituted ,\" said Prof V N Rajasekharan Pillain, executive vice-president of Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) who had convened the expert committee meet.The committee also mooted health insurance for Ayurveda therapy as part of the six-point agenda. This is a follow up of a high level meeting led by the chief minister and the council of ministers with the National Innovation Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12106460", "title": "GM gheraoed to protest colliery theft", "text": "SINDRI: Dejected over the failure of the colliery management to stop unabated theft and pilferage of national assets from the Chasnala colliery, a joint front of trade unions have decided to create awareness among workers about the apathetic attitude of the management and gherao the GM on Saturday.Sunderlal Mahto of CITU-affiliated Bihar Colliery Kamgar Union ( BCKU) said that a meeting of the joint front of trade unions was held on Thursday where union leaders expressed concern about the increasing incidents of theft and pilferage.The lifters have made the colliery a soft target and are stealing costly spare parts and other equipment, he alleged adding that assets worth more than Rs 20 lakh have been stolen from different colliery stores in the last six months. There has been theft at the EME store, upper seam store and washery store. Pilferage of coal and diesel from colliery siding and stores in huge quantities have become a daily affair. \"When thieves entered the central workshop with a cargo truck for taking away heavy parts some five months ago, we thought it was enough to awaken the management from slumber and that the colliery management would take stern action against the security officials and guards of the security agency but nothing happened,\" he alleged.A gang of 30 thieves once again raided the central stores on Tuesday night and took away brass and copper spare parts worth more than Rs 8.5 lakh by holding the security guards on duty at gun point, he said, adding that this time the thieves used auto-rickshaw to transport the stolen part.GM B K Sinha admitted that connivance of some security personnel cannot be ruled out. Permanand Birua, the Patherdih PS OC, said that there has been no breakthrough in the case so far. Two security guards and three others from the Banaihir locality of Jharia have been detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105878", "title": "Dialysis: Govt to tie up with private hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is all set to invite major private hospitals to join a public-private partnership (PPP) for starting exclusive dialysis centres in four hospitals. The hospitals applying for the project are required to have an experience of running at least 20 Haemo Dialysis machines. The government will soon be opening bids for equipment manufacturers. They should have installed at least 100 Haemo Dialysis machines across India in the past two years.The proposed centres are to be set up in Pandit Madan Mohan Hospital in Malviya Nagar, Bhagwan Mahavir Hospital in Pitampura, Super Specialty Hospital in Janakpuri and Super Specialty Rajiv Gandhi Hospital in Tahirpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108719", "title": "Protect your skin and hair during holi", "text": "Beauty expert Shahnaz Husain suggests tips to protect your skin and hair during HoliHoli is celebrated at a time when nature renews and refreshes herself.With a little care, we can do the same and also sustain our youth and beauty. The dry \"gulal\" and colours are generally not derived from natural sources. They contain chemicals, shiny particles of mica and even lead, which not only irritate the skin, but collect on the scalp.Since Holi is played out of doors, sun-exposure can also have a detrimental effect on the skin. Apart from harmful UV radiation, exposure to the sun makes the skin dry by causing depletion of moisture and also tans the skin. People with dry skin can really suffer, even leading to itching, flaking and rough patches. Both the skin and hair can become dry and dull after playing Holi.Remember to apply a sunscreen and moisturiser 20 minutes before going out to play with colours. Use a sunscreen of SPF 15 and above. If your skin is prone to pigmented patches, select one with a higher SPF. Most sunscreens have built-in moisturisers. If your skin is dry, mix a little moisturiser with your sunscreen and then apply it. If you wish, you can use light daytime make-up, touch up your eyes with an eyepencil or kajal stick and use a lip gloss.The real problem is removal of colours after playing Holi. After playing with the colours, do not wash your face with soap immediately, because soap is alkaline and causes further dryness. Instead, use a cleansing cream, or lotion. Apply this on the skin and massage it. Then wipe off with moist cotton wool. Remember to cleanse the area around the eyes too, using a light touch. A cleansing gel helps to dissolve the colours and facilitates their removal.You can also make your own cleanser. Take half a cup of cold milk and add one teaspoon of any vegetable oil, like \"til,\" olive or sunflower oil. Mix well. Dip cotton wool into this mixture and use it to cleanse the skin on the face and body.Sesame seed (til) oil can also be used to remove colours, massaging it on the skin on face and body. This not only helps to remove the colours, but gives added protection to the skin. Sesame seed (til) oil actually helps to counteract sun damage. While bathing, scrub the body with a loofah and remember to apply a moisturiser after your bath, while the skin is still damp. This helps to seal in moisture.While washing your hair, first rinse with plenty of plain water to wash away the dry colours and tiny particles of mica. Then apply a mild herbal shampoo, working it into the hair with your fingers. Massage the scalp gently and rinse thoroughly with water again.Add the juice of a lemon to a mug of water and use it as a last rinse. This helps to restore the acid-alkaline balance of the scalp. Beer can also be used as a last rinse. In fact, it will soften and condition the hair. Add the juice of a lemon to the beer. Pour over the hair after shampoo. Leave on for a few minutes and rinse off with plain water.The day after Holi, you may have to deal with the effects of sun exposure, like dryness or tanned skin. Mix two tablespoons honey with half a cup of curd. Add a pinch of turmeric. Apply this on the face, neck and arms. Leave it on for 20 minutes and wash off with water. Honey is a powerful natural moisturiser and helps to soften the skin, while curd will nourish and restore the normal acid-alkaline balance. It also removes tan.Within the next few days give your hair a nourishing treatment. Mix egg yolk with almond oil or olive oil and massage it lightly into the hair and scalp. Then dip a towel in hot water, squeeze out the water and wrap the hot towel around the head, like a turban. Keep it on for five minutes. Repeat the hot towel wrap three or four times. This helps the hair and scalp absorb the oil better. Wash your hair after an hour.Conditioning with henna will add shine to the hair. To the henna powder, add four teaspoons each of lemon juice and coffee, two eggs and enough curd to mix into a paste. Apply on the hair and wash your hair after an hour.melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12106210", "title": "Jats extend ultimatum by three days", "text": "HISAR: Representatives of various khaps met on Thursday and decided to allow the Haryana government three more days to come up with a favorable announcement in support of the protesting jats. The meeting was organized in Hansi town of the district, and the jats have planned to chalk out a strategy for intensifying their stir if nothing happens in the next three days.Spokesman of Sarv Jatiya khap Sube Singh said, \"We hope for a positive development during our next round of talks with the government. Our demands shall be put before the chief minister in the next meeting.\"Though the talks between the government and khap leaders held in Pipli town two days ago remained inconclusive, the khap leaders have now extended the ultimatum in hope of positive outcome.State president of jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, Dharampal Chhot, said, \"After today's meeting on the reservation issue, we fixed an agenda but the leaders will not reveal it to anyone yet. The khap is now handling the stir and the samiti will support them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103954", "title": "Bad Boys, Pretty Girls set to send city tapping this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: One can hardly expect a hip-hop song to start playing in the middle of a ballet recital. Or a pelvic thrust to follow a perfect pirouette. But a bunch of \"bad boys\" are ready to push the envelope. Founded in 2007 by Rasta Thomas, American dance company Bad Boys of Dance has been infusing new movements, drawing from contemporary dance to hip hop, into their performances. The Bad Boys, who have performed at Broadway and the Joyce Theatre in New York , are now coming to India for the first time on a 7-city tour, facilitated by the American Embassy. They are scheduled to perform in Delhi on the 3rd of March at Siri Fort auditorium.Based in Maryland, USA, Thomas's all-man dance company often collaborates with \" Pretty Girls\" - an all-girl troupe headed by Adrienne Canterna-Thomas, his wife. \"I wanted to bring ballet and contemporary movement to the next generation. Ballet has a reputation of being boring and serious. We want to make it sexy and fun and hope to create a buzz about it. I don't know if there is a ballet company in India, I can't name a famous ballet dancer from there, but I'm sure they are out there,\" says Thomas, who counts Russian ballet dancer Mikhail Baryshnikov and American actor-dancer Gregory Hines among his inspirations.What it takes to be a bad boy, says Thomas, is versatility. \"The more versatile you are, the more \"bad\" you are. Fusion is the future. We keep it fresh and challenging along with traditional movements. I look at Michael Jackson, Bruce Lee, Mohd Ali and Michael Jordan and the beauty and grace of their movement and draw from it,\" says Thomas, who often incorporates a local flavour into his pieces when not performing on home turf. Though he admits unfamiliarity with Indian classical and folk dances, he hasn't escaped the onslaught of filmi latkas and jhatkas. \"I have seen some Bollywood music videos. They have an amazing production value, great costumes and amazing choreography. I'm looking forward to seeing what's popular here,\" he says.Purists have not taken very kindly to this liberal drawing from not only different genres of dance, but indeed, even sports and martial arts. \"\"They say you're ruining it, it's a disgrace. And I say, your Swan Lake or Don Quixote aren't going anywhere. Traditionalists are very difficult to please. They dream of a golden age that doesn't exist anymore,\" says Thomas who was christened Rasta Kuzma Ramacandra. \"My father would wander around in this park in San Francisco that used to get a lot of Hare Krishnas at the time. They would hand out food and reading material to him. He read one of their books and really liked the name Ramacandra. That's how I got it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105392", "title": "Puducherry to appoint EC in a week", "text": "CHENNAI: The government of Puducherry has submitted before the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam that it will appoint an election commissioner within a week to hold local body elections. The Puducherry government has been given a week to issue a notification.The Madras high court was hearing a petition filed by the CPI(M) secretary of Puducherry unit, V Perumal, which said that though the state election commissioner's position had been lying vacant since 2007, the Puducherry government failed to appoint an SEC till date.The last local elections were held in the Union Territory in 2006 after a high court order, in which 1,138 representatives were elected. These elections were conducted by the state election commissioner, who was a retired officer. His twice-extended tenure came to an end in 2007. As the position is still vacant, by-elections for numerous local bodies were not conducted.Authorities preferred not to appoint an election commissioner till date, which \"itself is illegal and bad in law,\" advocate A Stalin, appearing for the petitioner, said.In the order passed by the first bench in August 2011, the government submitted that at least 45 days was statutorily required to conduct elections in three phases in the Union territory. They sought a second extension on the grounds that Cyclone Thane affected infrastructure, after which this submission was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103314", "title": "Rift between BJP and Sena over dy mayor's post", "text": "NAGPUR: Rift seems to have emerged between the mega alliance - BJP-Sena-RPI (A). Denying Sena its share, BJP fielded its candidate for the post of deputy mayor at the eleventh hour of filing the nominations forms on Thursday. Irate over BJP's stand, Sena also filed nomination form for the post. But the matter is likely to be resolved before the election and Sena may get deputy mayor's post as BJP wants to press for a good share at Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation, where Sena is stronger.On Tuesday, three corporators filed nomination forms for the post of mayor and four for deputy mayor. BJP city president Anil Sole was the first to file the nomination form for the post of mayor at 11.15am. A host of BJP leaders, including corporators, were present as Sole filed four nomination forms.Triggering controversy, BJP also filed nomination form for deputy mayor post. Newly elected corporator from Vayu Sena Nagar Sandip Jadhav filed form for the deputy's post along with Sole. BJP's parliamentary board on Wednesday took a decision not to give away the deputy mayor's post to Sena, like the outgoing term. Four names were selected including that of Jadhav and kept before BJP national president Nitin Gadkari who gave the green signal.BJP formed Nagpur Vikas Aghadi comprising of 75 corporators. \"Sena has been able to win just six seats. BJP has to give equal importance to all groups in NVA. Besides, Sena is not part of the NVA. The decision is of the Board and entire party,\" Sole told TOI.From Shiv Sena , senior corporator Alka Dalal filed the nomination form. District president Shekhar Sawarbandhe, city president Mangesh Kashikar and Kishor Kumeriya selected Dalal for the post following a meeting with party leaders. To put an end to the rift within the party, Sawarbandhe himself submitted the nomination form for Dalal. Suresh Talwekar, who was pressing for the post, too was present and proposed Dalal's name.Sawarbandhe said, BJP-Sena contested the election as pre-alliance partners. \"BJP bagged 62 seats thanks to the active support from Sena. Besides, it is a mutual understanding that the post of mayor is to be with party winning more seats and deputy mayor with the other. The same was followed in the outgoing tenure. We are confident that BJP will not vote against our candidate. If BJP stands firm on its decision, Sena will prepare its own strategy and play a spoilsport,\" he warned.As a formality, Congress' senior corporator Sujata Kombade filed the nomination form for the post of mayor and newly elected corporator of Congress/Lokmanch Ifthikar Ashrafunisa for the post of deputy mayor. Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, Dipak Patel, Guddu Tiwari and Prashant Dhawad were present as proposer and secondary.Raising slogans, BSP's 12 corporators thronged the NMC office and filed nomination forms. Kishor Gajbhiye filed nomination form for mayor's post and newly-elected corporator Shabana Parvin for deputy mayor's post. Gajbhiye said, BSP won 12 seats defeating two mega alliances of major political parties. \"BSP has decided to contest the elections keeping the strength given by the votes. All parties are welcome to support us,\" he said.Meanwhile, political experts say that the rift between BJP and Sena is temporary. With 50% reservation for women , BJP wants to give deputy mayor's post to a woman and is in no mood to compromise over three other strong posts - mayor, standing committee chairman and ruling party leader. Considering this, BJP has nominated a male candidate while Sena a woman candidate. Besides, BJP has fielded a fresh corporator which is a clear indication that they will support Dalal for deputy mayor's post at the eleventh hour.Of the major political parties, NCP was the only party not to file nomination for any post. Municipal secretary Harish Dube and Vikas Fadnavis accepted the nomination forms between 10am and 5pm.Who Will Be The Mayor?CandidatePartyAnil SoleBJPSujata KombadeCongKishor GajbhiyeBSPWho will be the dy mayor?Alka DalalSenaSandip JadhavBJPIfthikar AshrafunisaCongShabana ParvinBSP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105170", "title": "Haven for smugglers by the sea", "text": "CHENNAI: Shortage of manpower in customs and the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence has made the Chennai port a heaven for smugglers. The customs department was too short-staffed for routine clearance and DRI has too few officials to check every container passing through the port.On Saturday, DRI officials seized logs of red sanders weighing nearly 22,000kg worth 2.3 crore when they were about to be loaded on to a container ship. The consignment, shown as ragi (finger millet), was bound for China. Such seizures, said officials, are only a minuscule portion of the real quantity of banned items smuggled out through the port.Senior port officials said Saturday's consignment might have been replaced between the port and the container freight station. \"There is no proper mechanism to monitor transportation of containers from container freight stations, most of which are in north Chennai areas where customs face a serious shortage of manpower to clear consignments. Once the consignment is cleared at these stations, smugglers replace the cargo items inside the containers with contraband on way to the port,\" said the official.The Saturday consignment was cleared by customs at the Numbal station in north Chennai. Last year, a similar consignment of red sanders worth 4.68 crore was seized after it cleared the customs procedure at the freight station. Other materials that find their way out through the port include fertilizers and synthetic diamonds, said sources.Insiders said smugglers usually open the top and bottom parts of container through detachable - yet indistinguishable - parts of the container without damaging the clearance seal of customs which are usually on the lock. \"Since there is no proper mechanism and we depend mostly on informers, smuggling is not always detected. As the duration of transportation from the freight stations to the port varies due to different reasons, including congestion and bad roads, it's difficult to monitor movements,\" he said.Container vehicles are not fitted with GPS, which could be used to monitor movements. An experiment to tag the vehicles using GPS did not succeed because of objections from the truck owners who said it's not possible always to stick to the schedule because of traffic congestion.Immediately after the shift of coal operations from Chennai port, a two-member expert committee appointed by the state government suggested to shift all container freight stations to the port premises. Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra said the proposal is still under consideration. \"Our engineers are studying the feasibility of having the stations at the port,\" Mishra said.A senior port official said rampant smuggling poses a threat to national security. \"Lack of manpower is a problem with many major ports in the country,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12106065", "title": "Special cell to monitor malpractices in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has formed a special monitoring cell for the first time ever to regulate the movement of flying squads to check malpractices during the month-long Plus II examination, beginning from Friday. Over 2.79 lakh students are scheduled to appear for the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) examination across 1,065 centres in the state.There are 20 examination centres in the state capital. \"The cell will keep a close watch on the use of unfair means during the test and will depute inspection squads as per its intelligence inputs. The checking groups will file reports about their findings on a daily basis,\" said CHSE controller of examinations Jasobanta Behera.The monitoring body, to function from 8 am to 9 pm during the examination days, will have three officers from the council and three from the higher education department. Higher education secretary Aparajita Sarangi will supervise it, Behera said. The government has identified around 200 colleges as sensitive, where chances of students using unfair means are higher, the controller informed.Special surprise squads will visit these colleges more frequently. Some of the colleges, which fared extremely well last year despite poor infrastructure, faculty strength and students, will be on the radar of confidential teams, he added. Besides, a Central squad of over 100 members, zonal squads in the three zones of Baripada, Berhampur and Sambalpur and special teams from 143 nodal colleges will be involved in ensuring fair examinations, Behera elaborated. CHSE chairman Nihar Ranjan Patnaik said elaborate arrangements are in place for the smooth conduct of the annual exercise. Question papers have been dispatched to the centres and proper seating arrangements have been made in all the examination centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105884", "title": "Cong-RLD: Divided they lost, united they gear up", "text": "LUCKNOW: The close contest on 60 seats in the final phase of the Uttar Pradesh assembly election would undoubtedly test the tensile strength of the electoral alliance between Congress and Rashtriya Lok Dal.While, RLD leaders maintain that 10 seats on which they are contesting is safe, results of the past elections show that both Congress and RLD fared badly in at least these 10 seats, from where RLD has fielded its candidates this time. Of this nine were won by the BSP, while one went to the Samajwadi Party.If one goes by the past results, then Congress-RLD candidates together were way behind the winners. In fact, even if one combines the votes the two parties garnered together in 2007 assembly elections, they were no where close to the winners. In Bijnor's Seohara assembly constituency (now Nehtaur), Congress and RLD candidates came fourth and fifth respectively. Together they got 41,000 votes, while the winning BSP candidate bagged over 47,000 votes.The case becomes even more interesting in constituencies like Najibabad, Bijnor and Chandpur where candidates of the two parties together managed to get around 10,000, 9,700 and 30,000 votes respectively. This was way behind winning BSP candidates who got 50,000, 61,558 and 58,800 votes respectively. In neighbouring JP Nagar, RLD has fielded its candidates in Dhanaura (previously Kanth) and Naugram Sadat (earlier Hasanpur). In Kanth, RLD finished as the runner-up in 2007 polls, while Congress came a distant eighth. Together they managed to get 23,000 votes in comparison to 38,000 votes polled in favour of BSP candidate.In Hasanpur, while RLD secured third position, Congress had plunged to 10th. Candidates of the two parties together managed to get 24,000 votes, which was less than half of 50,137 votes, secured by BSP's winning candidate.The show becomes grim for the two parties in case of Sambhal and Bahjoi. In Sambhal, RLD and Congress candidates stood at fourth and sixth positions and got only 15,000 votes taken together. This was less than one-third of the total votes which the Samajwadi Party candidate got. The trend continued in Bahjoi where RLD and Congress stood fourth and seventh respectively and got merely 4,000 votes, which was less than 10% of the total votes polled by BSP candidate, who got 41000 votes.The trend continued in Thakurdwara too, as Congress candidate came third, while RLD candidate secured sixth spot. The two together managed to get only 40,000 votes, which was far behind the BSP candidate who triumphed after bagging more than 62,000 votes.RLD leaders, this time, said that it is the anti-incumbency factor and the support for the RLD-Congress alliance that will play its part.At the same time, at least three defectors from other parties may play their part in brightening up RLD chances. Like Yashpal Singh who won from Seohara on BSP ticket last time is now RLD candidate from the newly carved out Noorpur assembly constituency in Bijnor. Shahnawaz Rana, who won from Bijnor on a BSP ticket is now a RLD candidate from the same constituency. Similarly, Jagram Singh who contested as a SP candidate from Gangeshwari in last assembly elections and stood second is now contesting on a RLD ticket from Dhanaura constituency in JP Nagar. Swami Omvesh too has been repeated from Chandpur. Omvesh stood at third position last time. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105499", "title": "Mother throws newly born girl child into septic tank; arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: Police have arrested a woman who allegedly threw her 25-day-old baby girl into a septic tank because she did not want a third daughter in Ghoradongri tehsil in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.The body of the 25-day-old baby girl was recovered from the septic tank on January 26. The arrested woman, identified as Nikita Agrawal, is daughter-in-law of a local BJP leader.Police formally arrested her on Monday and she reportedly confessed to having purposely thrown the new born into the tank because she did not want a third daughter. She told the police that she had expected a son but when it was a third-time daughter, she decided to get rid of the child.On that fateful day, the 25-day-old new-born was last spotted lying in the cot and fast asleep. Seven hours later, the police fished out the baby's body from the septic tank behind the house. The front door was locked during her disappearance. During investigation, the police interrogated the two domestic maids who gave the vital clues.The needle of suspicion pointed towards the family from day one. According to the police, the baby was sleeping in the inner bedroom of the house at 5:30 pm and Nikita was the only person in the house with the child. Father of the baby Mukesh Agarwal told the police that no one was in the house at that time and the front door was bolted from inside. The two domestic maids were sent with the elder sisters of the baby for a stroll in the evening. Nikita had argued that she had gone to the bathroom leaving the baby in her cot. When she returned, the mother had claimed she found her baby was missing.A missing report was registered by the local Sarni police station. Then a door-to-door search operation started while another police team rushed to the railway station. Police investigated if the child was dragged away by an animal but there was no such evidence.At 9 pm, the SDOP of the area Abhishek Rajan reached the spot and directed that the house including its drainage system be searched. After three hours, the baby's body was fished out of the septic tank. After continuous interrogation of family members and the domestic helps, the mother finally broke down before the police. After her arrest, she was produced before the court and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12105215", "title": "Now, ZP members want free bus passes", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat has passed a resolution urging the state government to issue free passes for its members to travel in KSRTC buses within the district saying that \"majority of them belong to backward class\".Earlier member R Chennappa Kotian, who represents Mane constituency, had raised the issue in the ZP. Following this, the ZP adopted a resolution on December 23. Based on the resolution, chief planning officer Mohammed Nazeer sent a request to the secretary, rural development and panchayatiraj department seeking necessary order to issue free bus passes to members on February 13.Nazeer told TOI that a request along with the copy of zilla panchayat resolution had been sent to the department. \"But the proposal has not been considered at the government level so far. We have not received any positive response from the department,\" Nazeer added.Though the matter was mentioned in the agenda of the zilla panchayat general meeting held on February 29, none of the members raised objections to it.Congress member in the opposition MS Mohammed said that he personally opposed the proposal. \"The government pays honorarium and allowances to all members. Hence, it is not fair to seek free bus passes when we have all sufficient facilities here. However, we did not oppose the proposal because it will be beneficial to at least some of the members, who really deserve it.\"According to the data available with TOI only 17 out of 35 ZP members represent constituencies reserved for backward, scheduled caste and tribes. While, five members represent constituencies reserved for SC/ST, 12 are elected from constituencies reserved for other backward class. The rest 18 members represent general category constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103156", "title": "Arundhati leads Taby Club to semis", "text": "NAGPUR: Confirming that she is well and truly recovered from her dangerous eye ailment, Arundhati Pantawane produced another good performance to guide Taby Club to the semifinals of the Swedish Premier Division Badminton League.In the second leg quarterfinal encounter played on Tuesday evening at their home courts in Stockholm, Taby Club ousted Aura Club, Malmo 5-2 to clinch the spot in the last four thanks to twin wins by Arundhati. The city shuttler won both her singles and doubles to help her team down Aura quite convincingly.In the last week's first leg away outing at Malmo, Taby Club had won by the same margin with Arundhati notching up two wins.Arundhati, who is turning up as a professional player for the second year in succession for the Swedish club, rallied back superbly to down Matilda Nygren-Strandberg 22-24, 21-9, 11-1 in the singles. After losing the first game narrowly, Arundhati fought back gallantly to ground her Swedish opponent.\"Starting was very slow for me but I was confident enough to beat her. It was not a very good performance. I should have won in straight two games,\" Arundhati told TOI from Sweden.However, there was no trouble in the doubles as Arundhati and her partner Karolina Kotte steamrolled Aura pair Jennie Carlsson and Strandberg in straight games 21-8, 21-15.Arundhati, who had guided Taby Club to semis last year too, is looking forward to the March 20 first-leg semifinal although she said their opponents will be known in a day or two.A trainee of Gopichand Academy, who had missed Uber Cup due to ulcer in her left eye, said she is absolutely fit now. \"As far as my left eye injury is concerned, I have completely recovered from it and my vision is perfectly normal now,\" said the 22-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12109631", "title": "Bangalore lawyers assault mediapersons", "text": "BANGALORE: Turning the city civil court near Cauvery Bhavan, a km from the seat of power Vidhana Soudha, into a virtual war zone, lawyers here on Friday unleashed their anger on the media by attacking them with stones, flinging chairs from the first floor of the court and even using glass tumblers as missiles, when the journalists assembled to cover former minister G Janardhana Reddy's court proceedings.Several journalists mostly from the TV channels were hurt in the attack with one sustaining head injuries. The cameras were smashed and the OB vans stationed outside the court premises were damaged by the lawyers. The police which entered the situation when it went out of control also became the target and for the first time, the police lathi-charged the belligerent advocates and opened tear gas in the court premises.Some of the advocates went to the first floor of the court and started flinging chairs and glass tumblers at the media. The provocation is said to a hangover of the lawyer's ire at the media, after they went on a strike in January this year to protest against a skirmish by one of their colleague with the police who wanted to check the driving licence. The lawyers were cut up as they felt the media had given a \"one-sided coverage of the incident.''Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda speaking to reporters said he would convene a meeting of home and law departments ministers and their officials on the action to be taken. Home minister R Ashoka said the government will shortly issue an order stipulating the entry of media inplaces for covering events and how they can be protected.Meanwhile, Reddy who had been brought by the Bangalore CBI police from Hyderabad jail was produced in the court in connection with irregularities in his Associated Mining company. He was remanded to CBI's custody upto March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12111103", "title": "40,000 Indians to be allowed to work in Europe: Report", "text": "LONDON: At least 40,000 Indians may be allowed to work in Europe, including 12,000 in Britain alone, under a secret trade plan between the European Union and New Delhi, a media report said, citing leaked documents.The EU has proposed that 40,000 Indian workers will be admitted to Europe without any labour market test as part of the plan to boost export trade with New Delhi, the 'Daily Mail' reported, quoting a leaked copy of the EU/India Free Trade Agreement, which is due to be signed later this year.Central to the agreement is the EU's offer on what is known as \"Mode 4\", which will allow Indian companies to bring temporary workers into the EU, the newspaper said.According to the leaked papers, out of 40,000 Indians who would be allowed to work in Europe, Britain has been asked to take 12,000, which is 30 per cent of the total allocation, despite the UK making up 12 per cent of the EU's population.The 12,000 Indian migrants, who would be able to live and work in Britain for six months, will be in addition to people given visas under Britain's supposedly strict immigration cap, the newspaper said.A large number of beneficiaries will be IT workers who already arrive in Britain from India in large numbers, the report added.According to EU officials, in return for opening up the jobs market, countries such as Britain will be helped to land lucrative export deals.The negotiations on the India deal -- which was first initiated by Former EU Trade Commissioner Lord Mandelson in 2007 and subsequently have been led by Business Department -- was going on in the shadows for years, the daily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105649", "title": "Man, niece die in road mishap", "text": "INDORE: A man and niece were killed in an accident between motor bike and trawler in Khudail in the city on Thursday.Babu Khan, 50, the son of Nanhe Khan and Heena, 17, daughter of Rais, died on the spot. The deceased were residents of Khajrana.The police said the two were going towards Sidhiganj from Indore when a trawler MS 40N900 hit their motor bike MP 41MF 6329 from the opposite side. The accident took place at around 6.30 am in which both died on the spot.On receiving the information, the police reached the spot, but the two were dead by then.The police have arrested the erring driver. The driver's identity could not be ascertained till the filing of report. The vehicle was also seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12105642", "title": "Report on college 'excesses' submitted to university", "text": "TRICHY: A seven-member committee of the Bharathidasan University, appointed to inquire into complaints against the management of the Tamilavel Umamageshwarar Karanthai (TUK) Arts and Science College in Thanjavur, has submitted its report to the university.It has unearthed some incriminating evidence, it is learnt. The committee, consisting of Dr S Dhanushkodi, professor and HOD of Physics, Bharathidasan University; Dr R Sivakumar, reader and HOD of computer science, AVVM Sri Pushpam College (Autonomous) Poondi; Dr A Karunanithi, reader in Tamil, Urumu Dhanalakshmi College, Trichy; Dr M Selvam, reader and HOD of commerce, Bharathidasan University; Dr S Sivaramakrishnan, assistant professor, department of biotechnology, Bharathidasan University; Dr A Illangovan, associate professor, department of chemistry, Bharathidasan University, and Vijayalakshmi, lecturer in English, Urumu Dhanalakshmi College, Trichy, submitted their report on January 31, 2012.A four-member committee consisting of only Bharathidasan University faculty had earlier visited the college on October 3, 2011 and submitted its report to the Syndicate on October 7, 2011.The Association of University Teachers (AUT), in a letter dated January 3, 2012, to the Vice-Chancellor of Bharathidasan University K Meena, said it was \"constrained to bring the findings of the four-member committee to your (vice-chancellor's) attention.\"According to AUT, the committee found that excess fee was collected from students, lack of infrastructure for courses offered, profit-making motive of an irresponsible management, and the questionable functioning of several institutions such as an elementary school, high school, teacher training institute, ITI, college of education, and S R Nursery School - within the 19-acre campus. All these, it said, was against rules. The college offered 27 courses of which only two - Tamil literature and Chemistry - were government aided. The letter further said, \"Whatever be the nomenclature of the committee constituted by the university, the AUT urges the university to ascertain the non-availability of infrastructure and fulfil the affiliating conditions of this university.\"Admitting that the report had been submitted to the registrar, the registrar of Bharathidasan University, T Ramasamy, told TOI that he did not know the contents ass it had been sealed. He also said, \"I am a small man in the whole scheme of things\".Interestingly, excerpts of the original report said, \"A college, school, an ITI and teacher training classes were being simultaneously conducted within the college premises, and there were not enough toilets for students.\" The findings further said, \"The computers that the college has do not support the latest software, and a minimum of 50 high configured computers must be purchased very urgently.\" The statements were later altered \"by the powers that be\" to bring down the number of computers from 50 to 30, and that they should have features to support the latest software, said AUT president Dr K Pandiyan, adding that it was a mockery of the committee findings.The original report said, \"B Com, M Com, and BBA classes were being conducted in the ITI premises. A 75-year-old man was the head of the department. As per UGC norms, enough number of qualified teachers had not been appointed. There was no library in the Tamil department.\" The negative verses were altered to mean that the college needed all these facilities. TOI is in possession of both the altered as well as original documentation.The report also said, \"The college management takes back the appointment orders from the teachers soon after serving them. No PF or EPF contributions are made, and monthly salaries as low as Rs 4,000 are given to teachers.\" There are no separate classrooms for BA English classes, which are conducted in the ITI premises, the report said.Meanwhile, the central office-bearers of AUT on Wednesday met Dr T S Sridhar, additional chief secretary for higher education and the meet is said to have ended on a positive note. Pandiyan told TOI that, \"Dr Sridhar's response was positive, and I am not supposed to say anything further at this stage.\" It is understood that Dr Sridhar had taken a serious view of the matter and offered to mediate in a constructive way.Interestingly, TUK Arts And Science College is also the institution where Aru Kalidosan, associate professor with the department of Tamil, had functioned as one of the subject experts in the Bharathidasan University-appointed doctoral committee whereas he is purportedly not a PhD holder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12105644", "title": "Thirteen candidates in fray for Sankarankoil bypoll", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Thirteen candidates are in the fray for byelections in the Sankarankoil assembly segment in Tirunelveli.Of these, seven candidates are from regional and national political parties while six are independents. S Muthuselvi - fielded by the ruling AIADMK is the only woman candidate testing waters in the reserved Sankarankoil segment that goes to poll on March 18, necessitated by the demise of AIADMK MLA S Karuppasamy.\"In all, we had received 33 nominations including substitutes. Twenty of the nominations were rejected due to various reasons like non-payment of deposit, failure to attach community certificates with the nomination papers and absence of signatures. Three non-scheduled caste people had also filed nominations and were rejected,\" said returning officer P Selvaraj. One of the candidates raised an objection, but was convinced that the rejection was right, he added.The filing of nominations began on February 22 and major political parties including AIADMK and MDMK were among the first to file nominations. On Wednesday alone, the final day for filing nominations, 18 persons had submitted their nomination papers - most of them independents.While DMK has fielded Jawahar Suryakumar, DMDK has fielded K Muthukumar, MDMK Sathan Thirumalai Kumar and BJP L Murugan. The Samajwadi Party has also entered the fray with K S Nageswara Rao as its candidate.The DMK is backed by Congress, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi and Indian Union Muslim League, while actor Sarath Kumar's Samatuva Makkal Katchi has expressed its support for the AIADMK. DMDK has retained the support of CPM that joined hands with Vijayakanth's party during the local body polls last year. However, the CPI, that kept party men guessing about its stand on the Sankarankoil byelections made it clear on Thursday that it would not support any party in the polls.Even before the nomination process began, the candidates of AIADMK and MDMK began campaigning with Vaiko himself visiting villages in the constituency spread across Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts. The poll heat has picked up after union fertiliser minister M K Alagiri and his brother M K Stalin visited Sankarankoil in Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109894", "title": "Vijay may pick up Jai", "text": "There is a role in Thuppaki for which director AR Murugadoss is yet to find a suitable actor. Sources say that AR Murugadoss is looking to sign up an actor to play Vijay's sibling in the film.When he discussed this with the Ilayathalapathy, the star immediately pointed out that Jai may be the right choice.Interestingly, Jai had played Vijay's brother in Bhagawathi and has Vijay's features. This would make him the apt choice, felt Vijay and conveyed it to AR Murugadoss. The director is now contemplating on signing up Jai for the role. However, only an official announcement can confirm Jai's role in the film.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12109734", "title": "Leader of opposition suspended from Gujarat assembly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The leader of opposition and Congress MLA Shaktisinh Gohil was suspended from the Gujarat state assembly on Friday after he accused the government of favouring the Adani Industries.Leader of the opposition Shaktisinh Gohil was asked to apologise for his remark accusing BJP minister Dilip Sanghani and the Modi government of being in partnership with the Adani group.The treasury benches' immediately sprang on their feet following Gohil's remark and started sloganeering. The house was adjourned for two days over the issue as the BJP leaders were adamant that the leader of opposition should apologise for his remarks.On Wednesday, amid uproar, Gohil raised the issue of chief minister Narendra Modi \"showing disrespect to the House and the Speaker\" for leaving the chair when the Speaker was making his statement. Finance minister Vajubhai Vala defended Modi saying that the CM had left the House after the Speaker had finished.Amid uproar, the Speaker ruled in favour of Modi, saying that the CM had not shown any disrespect to the house. He also ordered Gohil to apologise as the remark of being a partner with the Adanis was \"addressed against agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani\". Gohil refused, saying that the records showed he had not made any remark against Sanghani.On Friday as the House began functioning, Minister of State for parliamentary affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja moved the proposal to suspend Gohil for showing disrespect to the decision of the chair. This proposal was seconded by forest and environment minister Mangubhai Patel. Before the opposition could realise what was happening the proposal was accepted with voice vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103830", "title": "Want 12-12-12 baby? Start trying now", "text": "NAGPUR: The hullabaloo over babies born on the 'auspicious' date 11-11-11 is only a few months old but people have already begun fussing over the next triple date in the calendar: 12-12-12. Ever since the Valentine's Day, SMS's and e-mails have begun circulating telling couples that it was their last chance to have a baby born on a triple date, the next of which would not be around for another nine decades.City doctors are amused by the idea. Some of them advised the couples who really wished on time of conception that would increase the chance of having stork visit them on the triple date. They do warn, however, that such planning is never foolproof. Actually, planning date of baby's birth even before actual conception was nearly impossible.\"The chances of a 12-12-12 baby would be high if a woman was to conceive anywhere between the second week of March and the first week of April. Those using contraceptives should stop doing so now. Even on November 11 last year, there were several on-demand C-sections. Though such things are not medically recommended, we do have people making such demands,\" revealed Dr Laxmi Shrikhande, vice-president of Federation of Obstetric andvical Societies of India (FOGSI), whose infertility clinic started operating on 11-11-11. She said that though couples couldn't be stopped from making demands, it was the doctors' prerogative whether or not to oblige them. Several doctors refused such demands, she added.Gynaecologist Dr Chaitanya Shembekar is more specific about the 'ideal' date of conception. \"The chances would be maximum if the woman conceived around March 20. The gestation period differs in every pregnancy so the 'planning' may fail,\" he said. Around 20 couples consulting him for an in-vitro fertilization, though, are due in the next few weeks and could be given the option to choose the special date for having the most special moment of their life.There are others who believe that births falling on auspicious dates or festivals were only matter of chance. Among them is gynaecologist Dr Shubhangi Deshmane, who thinks the idea of planning a date of delivery right from the conception stage was far fetched. \"I don't think many couples do that. Today's people are not that star struck. Even for those who gave birth on 11-11-11, they would have made the requests to their doctors at a much later stage when told about probable date of delivery,\" she said. Though she has delivered a baby on 7-7-7 on her patient's request, the idea of date fixation does not seem rational to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12108491", "title": "Direct weekly train to Tirupati from Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Those from the coastal town traveling to abode of Lord Venkateshwara at Tirumala have direct access.The Santragachi - Mangalore - Santragachi Vivek Weekly Super Fast Expresses, introduced on February 25 and from Santragachi on March 1, will provide a weekly service to Tirupati.The train 22851 Santragachi - Mangalore Weekly Vivek Super Fast Express will leave Santragachi at 4.05 pm on Thursdays and arrive at Mangalore Central at 9.45 am on Saturdays.Train 22852 Mangalore - Santragachi Weekly Vivek Super Fast Express will leave Mangalore Central at 10.45 pm on Saturdays and arrive at Santragachi at 5.50 pm on Mondays.The train will stop at Kharagpur, Jaleswar, Balasore, Jajpur Keonjhar Road, Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Khurda Road, Brahmapur, Sompeta, Srikakulam Road, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Samalkot, Rajamundry, Eluru, Vijayawada, Ongole, Nellore, Gudur, Renigunta, Tirupati, Chittoor, Katpadi, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Shoranur, Tirur, Kozhikode, Vadakara, Kannur, Kanhangad and Kasaragod.The train from Mangalore will reach Tirupati main at 2.45 pm on Sundays. On its return journey , the train will reach Tirupati on Fridays at 5.10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105689", "title": "Congress, RLD will gain most in 7th phase: Rita Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exuding confidence that Congress and Rashtriya Lok Dal combine would gain the maximum number of seats in the seventh phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi said that the alliance has drawn excellent response in the sixth phase and the positive impact will be carried over to the seventh phase as well.\"There has been a definite undercurrent in favour of the party, which has also translated into votes,\" she said. Even though most of the Congress candidates in fray preferred to keep a low key unlike their high spending competitors, they have been able to impact voters much better. \"The best thing which will bolster the party's chances is huge support it garnered from young voters. Younger generation ,especially the first time voters, are not known to be toe the trodden path and also go beyond narrow confines of caste and communal politics. This segment has fully rallied behind us and therefore Congress is all set to spring a huge surprise this time,\" she said.Joshi credited Rahul Gandhi for turning around the fortunes of UP Congress. Rahul, she said had launched the election campaign from Phoolpur in Allahabad on November 14 and from that date to February 29, he has covered a total number of 211 rallies apart from holding road shows in 18 constituencies segments. The efforts are bound to yield outstanding results she said. The UP Congress chief attributed the big turn out in the constituencies to Rahul effect.Predicting a total rout for the BSP, Joshi said that rampant corruption and poor law and order in UP will prove to be Mayawati's undoing. Scams like NRHM have shocked the masses and Mayawati cannot fool them merely by sacking the ministers. Public is well aware that Maya keeps a tight control over the brood and the buck literally stops at her doorstep, she said\"The chief minister's refusal to move against Naseemuddin Siddqui proves how deeply involved she actually is in swindling. Despite an indictment by Lokayukta and recommendation of a CBI probe against him, Naseemuddin continues to function as the most powerful minister in Mayawati's cabinet. Mayawati has not filed a single FIR against any of the 22 tainted ministers,\" said the UP Congress chief.Dismissing any truck with the Samajwadi Party, Joshi asserted that Congress would be in a commanding position post election. She also downplayed fears of a forced governor rule in UP. \"Congress has always believed in holding supreme, the Indian constitution and the federal structure. There is no question of plotting and planning to impose president rule in UP, as publicised by the rival political parties,\" Joshi replied in response to the charge by BJP MP Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi who had alleged that Congress party was all set to follow the \"Yuvraj nahin to governor raj\" formula in UP. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104043", "title": "Shop told to pay 5,500 for sari mess-up", "text": "MUMBAI: The South Mumbai Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum recently ordered a shop in Kalbadevi to pay Rs5,500 compensation to a man for shoddy embroidery work done on two saris he had ordered in 2009. Raashi Sarees will have to refund Chembur-based Vinod Nagda the Rs2,500 he paid as advance.Observing that this was a case of offering defective goods for sale, the Forum said that it was obvious that the embroidery was not as per Nagda's order. \"Under such circumstances it was the obligation of the opposite party to give the saris to the complainant as per the order placed by him or to return the advance amount paid by him,\" the forum had stated.On August 31, 2009, Nagda visited the shop and selected two saris, embroidery designs for them, and then placed the order. The cost of the embroider-ed saris was Rs7,650, of which Nagda paid an advance of Rs2,500.In October 2009, Nagda visited the shop to collect the saris. But he found that the embroidery was done unprofessionally and in a shoddy manner, which had ruined the saris. He requested the shop to change the saris. However, seeing their reluctance, Nagda cancelled the order and sought a refund of the advance. The shop assured him that that they would take up the matter with the embroiderer and told him to collect a refund in a fortnight.But despite Nagda's repeated visits, the shop did not pay heed to his requests. Finally, on February 12, 2011 he wrote to the shop, seeking a refund, but they failed to respond. Nagda then filed a complaint with the forum, alleging the unfair trade practice by the shop had caused him physical and mental stress. He cited the expenses incurred on many trips from Chembur to Kalbadevi. Nagda filed an affidavit in which his friend, Haresh Veera (52) corroborated the facts of the complaint and he argued the case on his own.The forum passed an ex-parte order after the shop representatives did not appear before it despite its notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104175", "title": "Mhada plot \u2018fraud\u2019 gets murkier", "text": "MUMBAI: The controversy related to an alleged scam involving allotment of large portion of a 3.11- acre plot at Magathane in Borivli (E) just got murkier.A day after the TOI carried a news item on the finding of a probe which held five senior IAS officers and at least nine other officials for facilitating a \"plot grab\", at least two out of the five IAS officers claimed that crucial decision regarding the allotment of the plot were taken at a higher level and that they had no role to play in these.The probe, conducted by Mhada vice-president and CEO Satish Gavai, had concluded that the plot, worth Rs 200 crore today, was wrongly subdivided and that possession of 40% portion of the land handed over to a \"fake power-of-attorney holder\".The report levelled serious charges including willful neglect, malpractice and dereliction of duty against IAS officials. Gavai had been asked by the state government to fix accountability and submit a report after a preliminary inquiry, conducted in 2010 by former Mhada vice-president Gautam Chatterjee (currently principal secretary (housing), found wrongdoing in the manner of allotment.In his report submitted on December 13 last year, Gavai has accused IAS officers Shyamsunder Shinde, Subhash Sonavane, Bipinkumar Shrimali, HK Jawale and Satish Bhide of wrongdoing. While Shinde, who was the chief officer (CO) of the Mumbai board between 2003 and 2005 when the sub-division of the plots took place, was accused of hiding facts and not investigating the actual position of land among other charges, the remaining IAS officers, who subsequently took over Mumbai board COs, were also accused of \"dereliction of duty and malpractice\". Nine other officials, including two joint CEO level officers, were also held accountable in the probe report.Following the TOI report, both Shinde and Bhide claimed that the decision to subdivide the plot in the 60:40 ratio between Mhada and a private claimant was taken by the Mhada authority, whose members include Mhada CEO and principal secretary (housing). Shinde further claimed that the fact that the claimant was a \"fake power-of-attorney holder\" was not brought to his notice. Bhide, who headed the Mumbai board from 2009 to 2010, meanwhile claimed that the decisions on the plot allotment were taken much before he took charge. Both further said that they would have to sift through documents related to the case to comment further. Even Sonavane (2005-06) refused to comment without \"going through the papers\". Jawale (08-09), meanwhile, claimed that he did not handle the file. Bipinkumar Shrimali (06-08) was unavailable for comment.Interestingly, over two months after Gavai submitted his report, the housing department is yet to take a stand in the matter. A senior official said that a report would be put up to the general administration department, which can take further action against the IAS officers, after examining the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12106305", "title": "Tilaiya UMPP to give 1000 MW power at 1.77 per unit to state for 25 years", "text": "RANCHI: The upcoming ultra mega power project (UMPP) will be providing 1000 megawatt of electricity to the state at a cost of Rs 1.77 per unit for 25 years once it becomes a reality. The details of the project were discussed on Thursday at a meeting presided over by the chief minister Arjun Munda and his deputies - Sudesh Mahato and Hamant Soren.Soon after the meeting, Munda said the project once completed is going to solve power woes of the state permanently. \"The 4000MW power plant would allocate one fourth of the power generation to home state at a cheap rate and it will be sufficient to suffice the current requirement of 800-900MWs,\" he said.During the hour-long meeting held with the officials of Reliance Power, different department heads of the state government were given deadlines for issuing clearance at the earliest possibility so that the construction work can begin.Tiliaya UMPP along with the coal mine would on completion become the largest integrated coal-cum-power plant in the country. The scale of the project can be better appreciated from the fact the project and coal mine together involve almost 13,500 acres of land of which almost 11,000 acres would be coal mines.Talking to TOI, principal secretary at the department of energy Vimal Kirti Singh said against the present generation rate of Rs.3.52 per unit of electricity, Reliance Power has agreed to sale power at the rate of Rs 1.77 per unit for 25 years. \"It is a win-win situation for both the state government and the investor because power purchase agreement for 25 years would mean no increase in the rate during this period no matter whatever happens in the market,\" he said.When asked about deadlines given to different departments and status of land acquisition, Singh said the extension of coal block measures 11,000 acres whereas the plant would come up over a plot measuring 2200 acres in Hazaribag district. \"The flyash pond would be constructed in Koderma and the state has agreed to give clearances at these places at earliest possibility,\" he said.When asked about the estimated investment and time required for completion of the project, Singh said according to thumb rules, one MW of electricity requires investment of Rs 5 crore and accordingly the 3950MW plant would cost somewhere around Rs20,000 crore. \"We expect the project to be completed in 40 month if the clearances are given well within time,\" he said.The project that was conceived in 2008 got legal status after tripartite agreement signed between the government of India, Reliance Power and the state government in 2009. \"Work progress has been slow since then and during the review meet, the necessity to augment power production was underlined,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "12105667", "title": "Lecturer, friends held for raping minor for 3 years", "text": "TUTICORIN: A college lecturer and three of his friends were arrested by the police for raping a minor girl for over three years. The lecturer had intimidated the girl with her nude photographs and video, which were taken after sedating her.The arrested were identified as R Arun of Rajiv Nagar in Kovilpatti, his friends Sugumaran and Ayyappan, also from Kovilpatti and Ramkumar from Karimedu in Madurai. Police have seized the mobile phones, laptops and memory cards from the four that contained photographs and videos of the girl.Police said Arun, who was working with a private college in Kovilpatti was also conducting tuition classes for school students. The girl, then studying in 10th standard, joined the tuition classes in 2009. Arun duped the girl and raped her promising to marry her. Since then, Arun has sexually abused her several times. Whenever the girl resisted he had administered her sedatives and raped her.After a period of time, Arun's friends Sugumaran, Ayyappan and Ramkumar also raped her after administering her sedatives. When the girl threatened to complain about the harassment, Arun showed her the video clippings shot in his mobile phone and blackmailed her that he would upload it in the internet if she went ahead to reveal their acts.However, one of her relatives learnt about the abuse suffered by the girl and approached Arun demanding the video clippings of the girl shot by him. When he refused to part with them and again threatened of uploading it in the internet, the relative convinced the girl to lodge a police complaint.Police said that there were nude video clippings and photographs of several women in Arun's laptop and they are probing whether the women were also abused by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104841", "title": "RTO goes digital to track staff\u2019s attendance", "text": "PUNE: Soon, citizens can expect timely services at the Regional Transport Offices (RTO), Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad as the state government has decided to fix biometric attendance system for RTO employees. With frequent complaints by citizens, about the staff at RTO not reporting to duty on time, the move, sources said, will improve the situation.According to a senior official from RTO Pune, the biometric system is expected to be introduced by March end at all RTO offices in Pune division, including the ones at Pimpri Chinchwad, Solapur, Akluj and Baramati. \"The proposal to introduce the biometric system was submitted to the transport department last year. We have learnt that a decision has been taken to initiate the process for purchasing the machines and other technical support required for the installation\", said the official. Many frequent visitors at the RTO office are of the opinion that the system should be implemented immediately.Pradeep Bhalerao, treasurer of the City Autorickshaw Federation, said, \"Many a time we find that the employees report late for work. Sometimes, employees close the windows earlier than the stipulated closing time, even when there are people waiting in queues at the counters\".Bhalerao said a letter was submitted, at least a couple of times, to the RTO demanding strict action against employees reporting late on duty. Ashok Patwardhan, a resident of Somwar Peth, said, \"RTO needs to initiate steps to increase the efficiency of the employees to restrict delays and errors. The RTO officials also need to install advanced software to speed up the work\".While the RTO officials are expecting to deliver timely services with the commencement of the biometric attendance system, an employee from RTO's license department said, \"Employees do not report late intentionally. However, with a biometric system to be in place, we will have to report on time because even a delay of two or three minute would reflect in the system\".\"At present, we are monitoring the in and out timings of employees at all sub departments. The biometric system will provide updated observations pertaining to daily attendance,\" said an RTO official. Steps are also being taken to procure advanced computers for Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad offices. The new computers will help better data storage and establish contact with other sub RTO offices in the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108666", "title": "Must-do in 2012: Top 10 health screenings", "text": "Routine medical checkups and health screenings are a responsible way to prevent grave diseases such as cancer, heart conditions, many lifestyle diseases, and so on.It is always a good idea to go for certain prescribed health screenings, albeit without being an obsessed hypochondriac. To help you decide which health screenings are needed, here's our list of the top 10 health screenings that will help you prevent any disease onset in time.Pap Smear Test. These tests help in detecting cancerous and pre-cancerous changes in the cervix. This is a must do test for women who have crossed 40 in order to keep their cervical changes under check. Changes in cervix cells can cause cervical cancer or possible-related conditions once you have crossed 40, it is then that the importance of a pap smear test is highlighted. It is a must-do test, especially for women who are sexually active.Mammogram. If you have witnessed any changes in your breast tissue, then this is a must-do test for you. If not, even then getting a mammogram done once in 3 years will help in giving the doctor a better baseline reading for future comparisons. These tests help in detecting cancerous lumps in the breast at an early stage.ECG (Electrocardiogram). You should go for an electrocardiogram, especially, if you aren't very physically active. Go for one if your body shows symptoms like sweatiness, fatigue, anxiousness and chest pains. An electrocardiogram will help rule out an angina, any blockages or any other cardiovascular troubles.Blood pressure. High blood pressure is as common as a cough and cold nowadays; blame it on the stressful lives we all lead or the unhealthy lifestyles we've grown accustomed to. Do get it checked once every few months to make sure you don't suffer from hypertension. A blood pressure checkup helps in keeping the risk for heart attack, stroke , heart failure, and kidney damage in check.Prostate screening. Prostate- specific antigen is a component released into a man's blood by his prostate gland. The release of this component tends to increase with age, thus increasing the chances of prostate cancer in men. Thus, an annual PSA test is a must-do test for men who have crossed 60. A prostate exam helps in making sure that there are no abnormalities. This test must be performed once every 2 years for early detection.Diabetes. A blood or a urine test for blood sugar will tell you whether you suffer from diabetes or not. One should go for a diabetes test once every 3 years, however if you have high blood sugar problem from birth, then it is a must to go for a diabetes checkup once every 6 months.Lipid Profile Test. A lipid profiling test helps in identifying the cholesterol levels of a person and keeps the general overall vascular health under check. It helps in identifying 'bad' low density lipoprotein, which helps in cholesterol screening. The test helps in checking the cholesterol levels in the body and must be tested once every 3 years from the age of 40.Dental checkups. A visit to the dentist must be made once every 6 months to ensure the safety of your teeth. Important for everyone, a dental checkup is a must for senior citizens. A dental checkup will ensure that oral health conditions like tooth decay, oral cancer and gum diseases are kept at bay.Eye test. It is a must to go for an eye check up once in every 2 years, after you cross 30. An eye checkup determines whether you need contact glasses or not. Besides, it also helps in keeping eye health conditions at bayRead more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12105936", "title": "Myth busted: Sleep quality improves as you grow older", "text": "LONDON: The belief that sleep quality declines in old age may be false, as a new study has found that it gets better with age.In a telephonic survey of over 150,000 adults, a team at the University of Pennsylvania's Center for Sleep &amp; Circadian Neurobiology found that apart from a blip in their 40s, sleep quality of people improved with age.And those in their 80s reported the best sleep, according to the study published in the journal Sleep.Michael Grandner, who led the study, said the original reason for setting up the research was to confirm the precise opposite - that sleep quality declined in old age.\"These results force us to re-think what we know about sleep in older people,\" Grandner was quoted as saying by the BBC News.He suggested that it was possible that older people were sleeping worse, but simply felt better about it. \"Even if sleep among older Americans is actually worse than in younger adults, feelings about it still improve with age,\" he said. Universities have equipment to measure sleep duration and disturbance but this doesn't always match the volunteer's opinion on their sleep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12110492", "title": "Tatas to be partner in progress of Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Chairman of Tata Sons Ratan Tata on Friday announced that the group will be a 'Partner in progress of Jharkhand' and will support the efforts of the state government in setting up of proposed knowledge centre and Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT).\"I am happy to come here and we have a special relation with Jharkhand which is more than 100 years old. We will be the partner of the state in its progress. I am happy that the chief minister has genuine concern for people and wants to bring change in their live,\" said Tata after an hour long close door meeting with chief minister Arjun Munda, state land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Mahato, chief secretary SK Chaudhary and secretary NN Pandey.Jharkhand government has already demarcated land for development of knowledge centre in Khunti district, around 40 kilometres from here, and is working on the modalities for setting IIIT.\"The chief minister has put forward the proposal for help for development of knowledge centre and skill development and will give all support,\" said Tata. He was accompanied by chairman designate of Tata Sons Cyrus Mistry, vice-chairman of Tata Steel B Muthuraman and managing director of Tata Steel HM Nerurkar.Mistry, who was on his maiden visit to Jharkhand after announcement of his name as successor of Tata, said that he would also strive to maintain the century old relation of the company. \"Jharkhand is the fountain of Tata and we will try to improve the relation,\" said Mistry.Chief minister Arjun Munda expressed happiness over the positive approach of the oldest industrial house of the country. \"We hope that the dream projects of knowledge centre and IIIT will bring desired change in life of people of the state with help of Tatas,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105687", "title": "NAAC 'A' grade: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya has to go a long way", "text": "INDORE: Excellence may be a buzzword at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), but the dream to bag A grade from National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) seems a distant dream for the varsity. The reason: implementation of the much-awaited Choice-Based Credit System (CBCS), one of the vital factors for NAAC grading, will be a herculean task for the varsity this academic year due to various reasons.Sources say none of the universities in Madhya Pradesh has so far implemented the University Grant Commission (UGC) recommended CBCS. It is a system followed globally for its range of benefits. It permit students to choose electives from a wide range of optional courses, undergo value added courses depending upon the learner's aptitude and make the best use of the expertise of faculty across the college.DAVV has declared 2012 as the year of academic excellence as NAAC inspection to confer grading to the university is due this year. Officials say the university, which is struggling to run the semester system on time will find it tough given the acute shortage of regular teachers and principals in various departments and affiliated colleges respectively.The varsity has more than 230 affiliated colleges and nearly 50 of them are functioning without permanent principals. According to educationists, the dream will take a long time to realise in the universities of the state.Dr Ramesh Mangal, principal, Shri Vaishnav College of Commerce said, \"Faculty in colleges are overburdened. The university and its colleges are running on guest faculty and contractual staff. In such a case, implementing CBCS is a distant dream.\"Even the university authorities too accept that there is a severe shortage of staff at DAVV and its affiliated colleges and without filling them, implementing the CBCS this academic year is going to be a tough task for the varsity.Dr Rajkamal, vice-chancellor, DAVV said, \"The varsity faces staff crunch and it is lacking infrastructure and facilities. In such a situation, implementing CBCS in varsity, before the NAAC inspection, will be difficult this year.\"It is to be noted that several universities in the neighbouring states have implemented the CBCS system and many top-ranked institutions admit students on the basis of these grades. Even Union HRD ministry and National Knowledge Commission (NKC) have recommended the system for enhancing the quality of higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106150", "title": "Access I-T returns on cellphone", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon you will be able to access details about your income tax returns (ITR) and its processing on your cellphone. As the income tax (I-T) department is all set to enhance host of taxpayer-related services and shift to a new e-return filing platform in the coming months.The new platform will come with various services, including one which will allow tax payers to check details such as refunds, deductions and tax demands on their cellphone.\"The new software, which allows taxpayers to access details of his ITR on smart phone, is being developed with the help of TCS. The new service will be part of the upgraded online return filing portal which will be launched in the next couple of months,\" said DIT (investigation) Ahmedabad, Harish Kumar who has been recently transferred to the city from Delhi.Kumar was speaking at an 'E-filing &amp; Processing of Tax Returns' open house session organized in the city on Thursday. The department already hosts services like viewing of tax credits, Annual Information Return (AIR), Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) status, various tax related forms and Tax Return Preparer Scheme (TRPS).The session was attended by M K Mirani, DGIT (Systems), New Delhi; M D Kabra, CCIT, Gujarat; and Sanjai Verma, CIT, CPC, Bangalore and tax consultants from across the state.\"The new platform will also have a new service called 'Form View' wherein after filling required details for ITR one can view how the system would process the form and also make corrections if needed. This would reduce the errors and rectification applications,\" added Kumar.Senior officials said that the department's Central Processing Centre (CPC), Bangalore, has processed close to 2.1 crore ITR till February 29.\"There are several issues with the I-T department's e-filing process like wrongly creation of demand and others which we wanted to resolve through the open house. However, the new tool in the new portal will minimize the same considerably,\" said a former president All Gujarat Federation of Tax Consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105580", "title": "Love triangle may have led to Shehla's murder", "text": "BHOPAL: RTI activist Shehla Masood's murder was the fallout of a soured love triangle involving a politician, highly placed sources in Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) told TOI on Thursday.The sources said the BJP politician may be picked up \"very soon\" for fresh interrogation, as the sleuths had came to this conclusion only after interrogating interior designer Zaheda Pervez, whom the CBI has named as the key-conspirator in the case.The politician allegedly had close relations with Zaheda as well as the RTI activist Shehla Masood, according to officials involved in the probe.\"Zaheda nursed a grudge with Shehla and she allegedly hired contract killers to eliminate her\", CBI sources reiterated. The CBI sleuths on Thursday searched Parvez's office and reportedly recovered some documents, including a diary, computer hard discs and other stuff which, they said, may help establish what led to the killing.The sources, however, declined to discuss the contents of the diary and materials seized from her office. \"We have some important leads\", they affirmed.The CBI team searched Zaheda's office - Design Era - in Bhopal's MP nagar for over four hours. They had sealed her office two days ago soon after her arrest.Investigators searched every nook and cranny of her office. Zaheda's husband and brother accompanied the team. Her husband and brother had gone to give home-made lunch to her when the CBI asked the two to accompany them to Zaheda's office.Sources close to the investigators said the CBI landed in Zaheda's office after she made some disclosures during her interrogation.Apart from Zaheda and Saqib Ali alias Danger, hailing from Bhopal, one more person Arif alias Imran from Kanpur, had been arrested in connection with the Shehla murder case.She was reportedly nursing a grudge against and hired professional killers to bump off Shehla near her residence in Koh-e-Fiza locality on August 16 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105754", "title": "'English paper simple but lengthy'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) class 12 examinations began on Thursday. Most of the students were all smiles after appearing in the English paper.In Lucknow, nearly 9,000 students took the exam at 15 centres. CBSE coordinator, Lucknow region, Jawaid Alam Khan, said the exam was conducted peacefully and there were no reports of copying from any centre.\"It was a very simple paper though a bit lengthy because of the comprehensions,'' said Akshita Sharma, a student.Based on students feedback, Khan said: \"Students do not have writing practice. They merely learn the subject. But when they have to sit for three hours and write, they find the paper lengthy.''The exam was conducted from 10.30am to 1.30pm. As per the reports, flying squads visited nearly 12 centres to keep a check on copying. Class 12 physics exam will be held on March 5 while business studies paper of commerce stream will be held on March 6. CBSE class 10 exams will begin on Friday. In Lucknow, only 1,500 students have opted for board examination as against 6,000 who chose the home examination.The first exam will be of mathematics followed by English on March 16, science on March 20, Hindi on March 22, and social sciences on March 26. As per the home exam schedule, science exam is on March 2, Hindi on March 3, mathematics on March 10, social sciences on March 12 and English on March 14. Class X exams will also be conducted at 15 centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "salua", "code": "12104956", "title": "Locals join CIF siege as cops run for cover", "text": "SALUA: Around noon on Thursday, Kharagpur SDPO Dipak Sarkar and executive magistrate Dilip Chowdhury arrived at the head of a huge police force. Chowdhury appealed to the agitators to shift the blockade elsewhere as Madhyamik examinees use the Kharagpur-Keshiary road. While Chowdhury was talking, a scuffle broke out. Two women from the crowd of protesters allegedly bit a woman constable, Sita Das, and tore off her belt. The police immediately lathicharged the crowd, which dispersed within seven to eight minutes.Little did the police know what was in store. While they got busy clearing the overnight traffic logjam, the locals came back at 3pm prepared for a fight. Police say that all three battalions of EFR jawans came out armed and in uniform and hurled themselves at the panic-struck policemen, who beat a scattered retreat. The police party included commandos from the anti-Maoist STRACO force. They fired tear gas shells to cover their retreat but to no avail. The Salua mob brickbatted them and thrashed them with sticks and rods. Gunshots were reportedly heard, as well.The police ran all the way from the No-Shooting Crossing near the EFR HQ to Gopali, 800 metres away. With the CIF barracks unguarded, locals barged in and tore it apart. The CIF personnel escaped in small groups to the IAF station where the mob had no access.According to police, CIF jawan Kaushik Das is missing. So are two policewomen and two police drivers.Tension has been building up in Salua ever since May 2011 when the state set up the CIF barracks in the EFR compound. While doing a status check of the EFR campus, the CIF authorities found 50 acres encroached by 432 'illegal settlements' of retired EFR personnel. They informed the DGP and the authorities decided to fence off the compound before raising the CIF barracks.The settlers within the compound and their kin in the nearby Nayabustee and Puranobustee areas, mainly comprising retired EFR personnel and their families, were furious. That was the beginning of the problem. There was a proposal to shift the CIF barracks to Purulia's Jharra, but the CIF seniors apparently did not want to move out because they wanted to stay close to Midnapore town, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108258", "title": "Shahid Kapoor may quit world tour show", "text": "Shahid Kapoor upset with organisers for leaving his name out from the promotions of an upcoming world tour, quits the event altogetherShahid Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor are said to be the next BFFs of Bollywood. In fact, Shahid was reportedly happy to join Ranbir in his world tour organised by The Morani Brothers, However, the truth is far from it. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Shahid is not keen on joining the global event especially since it's being promoted as Ranbir's official world tour. In fact, Shahid, who wants to be projected on an equal platform with Ranbir, has made it clear to the organisers that he won't be available for the tour.Shahid's spokesperson confirmed and said, \"Shahid is definitely not going to be a part of the world tour this year. He will be concentrating on his film assignments.\"The story however, runs deeper. According to a source close to Shahid, the actor was not too happy being just an add-on in what was being called the Ranbir Kapoor world tour. \"He was extremely upset with the constant speculations about him joining Ranbir in the concert. The talks were still on. And Shahid's representatives made it very clear that if they wanted the actor to be a part of it, the show has to be promoted as Shahid and Ranbir's world tour. Shahid also has a big fan following overseas. When two stars are equal, it can't be just one person's show,\" added the source.But when the media reports did not stop, Shahid had to call the Morani Brothers and inform them about his inability to join the tour. \"He also told them that if they want him to be a part of the show, it has to be promoted as his show as well,\" said the source.According to the source, Shahid has told the organisers that he would be available for the show next year in April, provided his conditions are met. \"Shahid holds Ranbir in very high regards but is clear on what he wants from this tour,\" added the source.Needless to say, Shahid doesn't want to mix his personal relationships with the professional ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103751", "title": "After easy start, CBSE std X gears up for maths paper on Friday", "text": "NAGPUR: CBSE and SSC board exams officially kicked off from Thursday marking the start of a busy exam month. While for SSC, the paper was of non-English first languages, the central board's Std XII had the English paper.The Std X of CBSE started their exam calendar with the easy 'painting' subject but are gearing up to take on tougher challenges on Friday with mathematics. (SEE BOX).Under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme the marking system has changed quite a bit. Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International School, said, \"The theory paper that Std X students will appear for on Friday will be given 40% weightage while the remaining 60% has already been compiled by the schools through the formative &amp; summative assessments.\"These students will also get a long gap between major papers as optional subjects have been scheduled in between. For CBSE Std X, the important Foundation of IT paper is scheduled for March 10 and the English subject is the next major paper scheduled for March 16. Across the country, the number of CBSE's Std X students has increased by 10% to just over 11.80 lakh, while their Std XII students' number too increased by 5.6% to just over 8.15 lakh.While the CBSE std XII English paper has maintained the board's impeccable record of being 'copy-free', SSC officials had a busy time in dealing with copycats. State board officials apprehended 70 students in Nagpur region for using unfair means during the exams. Surprisingly, notorious district Gadchiroli, where copying is a menace, recorded the lowest number of copycats (1), while a normally safe Wardha district clocked the highest (20).BoxTips To Tackle MathsMala Chembath, principal of Narayana Vidyalayam, gives tips to CBSE std X students on how to crack the mathematics paper scheduled for Friday.Students should always solve the questions in the order they appear in the paper.Never discuss about the paper till all the exams are over as a bad paper will linger on students' minds and affect others.Try to solve all the questions in mathematics as steps are also important.BOXCBSE STD X MATHSSubject: MathematicsTotal Marks: 80 MarksPassing marks:'D' grade:Paper duration:3 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12106480", "title": "Steel plant largesse: Midday meals for Bokaro schoolchildren", "text": "BOKARO: The Bokaro Steel Ltd (BSL) has joined hands with Akshaya Patra, an NGO, to provide hygienically cooked free meals to about 25,000 schoolchildren of the district.A modernized kitchen will come up at a cost of Rs 1 crore, which will be borne by BSL. The decision in this regard was taken at a meeting held between DC, Bokaro, Sunil Kumar, unit president, Akshay Patra, Vyompad Das, and senior BSL officer, Hari Mohan Jha, at the District Collectorate on Thursday.Kumar lauded the effort to provide quality mid-day meals to chidren. The proposal has been sent to the government for approval. Under the scheme, the administration will not share any extra cost of what they are paying at present for serving mid-day meals. The additional cost will be borne by the BSL and the NGO. The capital cost will also be provided by BSL.Under the corporate social responsibility programme, the BSL will construct a centralized kitchen of about 50,000 plate capacity. \"The scheme will not only provide quality food to children but also bring relief to teachers from preparing and serving food to them,\" said Kumar.Sources said a plate of meal served by the NGO will cost at least Rs 6.50. Of the cost, Rs 3.60 to Rs 4 will be borne by the administration, while BSL will provide Rs 2.50 and the rest amount will be contributed by the NGO.Akshay Patra has carved a niche for itself in providing hot and nutritious classroom lunches in eight states. In fact, it runs the world's largest mid-day meal programme for poor children in India. The Bhilai Steel Plant, another unit of the Steel Authority of India Limited, is running a similar scheme there.\"The mid-day meal will be prepared under standard nutrition norms. There will be a variety of food. The kitchen will have modern equipment to prepare food. For example, a machine will prepare 4,000 chapatis at a time,\" said a BSL officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104576", "title": "Gehlot and Raje trade charges over corruption", "text": "JAIPUR: Allegations and counter allegations for corruption, followed by a war of words between chief minister Ashok Gehlot and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje , rocked the Rajasthan legislative assembly on Thursday. During a heated debate - triggered by the issue of action against five IAS officers who allegedly had misused MGNREGA funds - the two senior leaders laid allegations against each other's governments.In a query raised by senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria , the opposition demanded explanation on why had the five district collectors been barely warned, with no action taken against them.\"The state government, which always prides itself in being transparent, is sending a wrong message by this action,'' Raje said.Countering her allegation, Gehlot said the inquiry was carried by highest authority and though there were some irregularities there was no scam. \"It was a matter of irregularities and not scam. How can the leader of opposition raise the issue with so many complaints against her during her tenure, what right does the BJP have to talk about corruption?'' said Gehlot, which led to a chaos among the opposition members, who walked into the well raising slogans against Gehlot. The ruling party MLAs raised slogans against Raje.When the proceedings resumed, Raje read out her statement amid protests from the ruling benches, in which she attacked Gehlot over alleged corruption in cases like 'Jal Mahal', 'favouritism to Kalptaru Group and Hotel Le Meridien' and 'warehouse corporation to be handed over to Shubham Company'.She challenged the state government to prove the allegations against the previous BJP government. Later, addressing a press conference, she said, \"Every time the chief minister does not have answers, he attacks me and my previous BJP government. They have raised allegations against me before but have not been able to prove anything.'' She alleged that the ruling party did not want the house proceedings to run smoothly.Kataria wanted action taken against five district collectors who had allegedly misused MGNREGA funds for purchasing computers, laptops and printers. The debate forced two adjournments with the ruling party and opposition MLAs laying allegations against each other and disrupting the proceedings. The debate turned ugly with personal attacks on CM Gehlot and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje.\"The state government is shielding the five collectors - Dr Arushi Malik, Neeraj Pawan, Subir Kumar, Jogaram and Navin Jain. The notings on the related files by the then state minister for Rural Development Bharat Singh reveal that there were irregularities and that action should be taken against the collectors,'' said Kataria. He brought to the notice of the house that he had previously raised the issue in the house on March 25, 2010, when it was assured that a high-level committee will look into the matter.In his reply, minister for Rural Development Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya said that an inquiry had been held at the level of chief secretary, following which some irregularities in handling of NREGA funds came to the fore. \"The officers were given a warning and directed to ensure to not repeat it,'' Malvia said.Kataria said over Rs 3 crores were involved which cannot be taken lightly. \"The then Karauli collector Neeraj K Pawan had purchased plant saplings worth Rs 51 lakh at the cost of Rs 38 each, which were available for Rs 9.90. It is an obvious case of corruption. Jain purchased laptops with the money and when the matter came to light, he returned them but that does not make him less guilty,'' said Kataria. Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyan Tiwari demanded an FIR be filed against the five, and the case be handed to ACB or to legislators' committee of state assembly.Later, participating in the debate over governor's speech, state parliamentary affairs minister Shanti Kumar Dhariwal accused the BJP of extending undue benefits to former IPL chairman Lalit Modi during its rule. Addressing the house, he said, \"Congress worked for 'aam admi' and fulfilled their needs but BJP, when in power, saw 'aam aadmi' in Lalit Modi and benefited him.\" This led to an uproar in the house again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105463", "title": "Chandrika Rai's murder case solved", "text": "BHOPAL: The state police on Thursday claimed to have cracked the murder case of Umaria-based journalist Chandrika Rai. Officials said that Rai and his family members were murdered by his driver Ramesh Yadav for money.Rai (43), his wife Durga (39), son Jalaj (20) and daughter Nisha (17) were found murdered on February 18. After a fortnight-long joint operation of STF, CID and Umaria district police, it was concluded that the family was murdered for money.Additional director general, STF, Sanjay Choudhary said, \"In a pre-planned manner, Yadav came to Rai's house on February 17 and requested them to allow him to stay there for the night.\"He then first murdered Rai while he was watching TV in his office, which was adjacent to his house.The accused twice smashed the rod of car's jack on Chandrika's head that led to his death on the spot. Later, Yadav went to the bedroom and killed Chandrika's wife with the same rod. He went to another room and killed the deceased's daughter and his son who were watching TV in his room.The accused then covered the bodies with quilt and tried to destroy the evidences after the crime.Yadav stayed at the spot for at least four to five hours and picked up around 250 grams of gold ornaments, around Rs 22,000 cash, silver ornaments, three mobile phones and the ATM card, informed STF chief Choudhary.After committing the crime, the accused went to his brother-in-law's place who resides in a village close to Umaria and there he washed his clothes. He also kept the bag containing the jewellery there itself.He became a suspect for the police when they went through the bank transactions of Chandrika Rai. Like any other criminal, Ramesh also left clue for the police when he went to withdraw money using Chandrika's ATM card. Further investigations revealed that he had withdrawn Rs 3,000 from an ATM in Shahdol, a day after his murder.Subsequently, the investigating agencies traced the ATM counter of union bank in Shadol and ascertained that the sum was withdrawn by Yadav.During interrogation, Yadav confessed to police that he committed the crime for money.According to the police, he was in immediate need of money for his brother's marriage. The 22,000 cash he collected from Rai's house after murder was used in booking bus for his brother's baraat and a band for the marriage that took place on February 24.The STF officials however did not rule out possibilities of involvement of some more persons in the case. Accused has been taken on a police remand for further details.BoxMadhya Pradesh police also ruled out Chandrika Rai's involvement in any crime and claimed that he was not a part of any blackmailing racket.The recent statement issued by Umaria SP relating to Rai's involvement in an abduction case was made in 'excitement,' STF ADG, Sanjay Choudhary said.We would bring it to the notice of the DGP, he told reporters.The 31-year-old accused, who was working as a driver on a monthly salary of Rs 2,000, confessed of murdering his employer and his family solely for money. The officials said accused is under the grip of addictive habits and involvement of few more persons in the crime cannot be ruled out. The SIM cards recovered from Chandrika Rai's house had nothing to do with his murder, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104687", "title": "YCMH doctors successfully correct rare facial deformity", "text": "PUNE: Doctors at the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation-run Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital have successfully recreated the lost lower lip and trimmed the overgrown lower jaw of a 23-year-old youth who was suffering from Cancrum Oris or Noma.Rajesh Gaikwar had been suffering from the disease, which is spread through germ infection, since he was two years old. According to Anand Jagdale, medical superintendent of the hospital, the disease is common among the people living in tribal areas of Africa. \"Occurrence of cancrum oris at such young age is rare in India,\" he added.Yashwant Ingale, chief of dental department, YCM, said, \"Gangrene had developed in the patient's mouth when he was a child due to which he lost his lower lip and a cheek. Rajesh would use his tongue in place of his lower lip to prevent water and other liquids from flowing out of his mouth. He also faced difficulty while eating food. His lower jaw and teeth were jutting out in the absence of the lower lip and the right cheek. Rajesh was admitted to the hospital on January 12 and operated upon on January 14. We had to recreate his lower lip and cheek. Also, his teeth were replanted after trimming the lower jaw. The whole surgery lasted for four hours.\"Cancrum Oris or Noma is a highly infectious disease. It affects the tissues of the oral structures. It mainly affects children in the age group two to 16, and is known to occur due to poor nutrition.A resident of Vyona Girnagar village, about 70 km from Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh, Rajesh has an elder brother and two sisters. His father is a farmer. Rajesh said he had been covering his face with a handkerchief from the age of 10 whenever he used to go out in the village.Rajesh and two of his friends came to Pimpri Chinchwad two years ago in search of work. He stays with his mother and brother in a rented house at Indrayaninagar in Bhosari. \"I work in a plastic moulding unit in the MIDC area. I went to the YCM Hospital after I came to know that the doctors there conduct surgeries at affordable rates,\" he said. The operation cost Rs 4,082, he added.Rajesh's mother Lalitadevi said, \"We tried to give him local treatment, but it was of no use.\" His condition is much better now, she added. Ingale said the cost of the operation at a private hospital would have been in the range of Rs 1.25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104544", "title": "Art installation show today to relive Tagore's vision", "text": "JAIPUR: True to the spirit of Rabindranath Tagore's multi-faceted personality, an art installation show comprising stone, paint, photographic paper, recycled materials, live and recorded sounds and music encompassing the bard of Bengal's vision is being organized here to celebrate his 150th birth anniversary.Though diverse in the medium of expression, there is a common thread that weaves the 14 artists representing six countries including India, showcasing Tagore's life journey through his 1896 poem 'Sindhupare.'The mixed-media art exhibition, Tagore Art Installation Project, is conceptualized by Udaipur-based theatre company 'Out of Cocoon' under the direction of Jarka Heller (UK) and Anne Visboel (Denmark) and after travelling from Udaipur to Jodhpur, it will be organized at Diggi Palace here on Friday before heading to Kolkata. The project is supported by the West Zone Cultural Centre (WZCC) as part of the government's Tagore Commemoration Grant Scheme ( TCGS).\"We start with stone, paper, cloth, oils and acrylics enhanced with music, video and live performance. We travel and add new elements from local musicians, then we end the journey with a synthesis of all these media that will be presented in a DVD catalog with video contributions from the artists,\" says Jarka, the artistic director of the project. \"We will all be travelling together with Tagore on this life journey mixed-media art exhibition 'Sindhupare' (Beside the Sea), a celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore,\" she says.This large-scale installation, both outdoor and indoor, transforms the venue into a magical dreamscape of Tagore's vision. The show is artistically rich and an ambitious mixed-media version with contributions from international sculptors, composers and artists. The effort is to touch and communicate 'Sindhupare' through all the five senses, maybe even the mystical sixth sense, according to the artists.The important thing is not the medium but the feeling that is expressed by the artist, they say. \"The question for the artists is how to express their feelings. The task of mixing these interpretations in the final 'installation' is the challenging job. This internationalism and spirit of sharing is very much what Tagore promoted, over 100 years ago. We all hope that he would have been proud of our efforts to bring his work to a wider audience here in Rajasthan and through the international artists also in the West,\" says Jarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104610", "title": "SSC exams Day One: 8 caught copying", "text": "NASHIK: Eight students in Nashik were caught copying on the first day of the secondary school certificate (SSC) board exams on Thursday, March 1. Eighty eight thousand nine hundred and twenty three students appeared for the SSC examination 2012 at 136 centres from 973 schools in Nashik district. One hundred and thirty six centre heads are in charge of the centres and twenty three invigilators have been appointed for the same purpose.Out of the 88,923 students, 81,297 are fresh candidates, while 7,626 are reappearing for the SSC board exams. Six squads have been deployed to keep a tab on the instances of copying in Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar, said divisional secretary of Maharashtra state secondary and higher secondary education committee, Bhagwan Suryawanshi.These squads will be keeping a tab on both the HSC and SSC centres for cases of copying at these places.In the Nandurbar region, six students were caught copying, while the figure stood at 21 in Jalgaon and nine in Dhule.\"From our end, we are fully prepared to see to it that the exams are conducted smoothly,\" he said.He added that the helpline numbers for students who feel depressed during exams were the same for those giving the higher secondary exams as well. The problem is the same for students appearing for SSC exams, so we have retained the same counsellors, Suryawanshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "12105501", "title": "Youth held for revenge attack", "text": "KHAMMAM: A youth tried to kill the accused in his sister's murder in broad daylight on Thursday. The attack occurred at a short distance from a police station.While the victim was rushed to a hospital in a critical condition the attacker was overpowered and taken into custody. Rajesh attacked Srinu while the latter was on his way to attend court near II Town police station. The assailant stabbed the victim on the chest and in the abdomen with a knife after chasing him down as Srinu had tried to flee to safety upon seeing Rajesh.Rajesh even tried to hurl acid at Srinu. Srinu was released on bail 10 days back after being arrested in connection with the murder of Rajesh's sister Srilatha.A profusely bleeding Srinu was rushed to the government hospital where he had to be operated upon and is now learnt to be out of danger. Inspector Naresh Kumar of II Town circle said that an attempt to murder case had been registered against the 25-year-old Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105291", "title": "Academic council calls for clean-up of Nalsar", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major indictment of the working of the National Academy of Legal Studies and Research (Nalsar) University, Hyderabad, the academic council (AC), the apex policy making body of the varsity, has said there is no improvement in the state of affairs in the institution and has recommended drastic steps, if the purpose of its existence is to be served.The academic council, which met on February 18, has asked a three-member committee headed by Justice G Raghuram of the Andhra Pradesh High Court, and comprising V Vijaya Kumar, vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University, Chennai, and Paramjit S Jaiswal, vice-chancellor, Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law, ( RGNUL), Patiala, to examine the courses offered by Nalsar on its own and those offered by it in collaboration with private institutes to find out whether they meet the objectives of the institution for which it was conceived.The academic council's decision comes in the wake of the recommendation of a judges committee appointed by the AP High Court (by virtue of the chief justice being the chancellor of Nalsar university) in September 2011 which said that a premier law institution like Nalsar requires a complete overhaul of its academic governance. The committee, which comprised Justices VVS Rao and Ramesh Ranganathan of the AP High Court and S Ravi Kumar (district &amp; sessions judge, member secretary of AP State Legal Services Authority) as member, found that there was unbridled concentration of power in the hands of the vice chancellor, favoritism, abuse of authority, gross academic indiscipline and financial irregularities and that they were jeopardizing the academic atmosphere. The academic council of Nalsar in its meeting on February 18 decided to seek a fresh three-member committee probe to establish the veracity of what the judges' panel said. The judges' committee said that the courses offered by Nalsar were not in tune with the objectives of the establishment of the university, that they were run sans faculty, that students were treated shabbily and that many students who paid an exorbitant fee of Rs 6 lakh per course were being denied facilities offered to the original Nalsar. Moreover, the judges committee said that the course of Master of Business Laws and Administration (MBLA) being offered by Nalsar had no sanction from the All India Council of Technical Education ( AICTE), the statutory body under the Union HRD ministry that is in-charge of technical and management education in the country.Based on the recommendation of the judges' committee, the AC said that the course of PG diploma in Aviation Law offered by Nalsar in collaboration with the Institute of Applied Aviation Management (IAAM), Calicut, should be discontinued.Apparently, IAAM charges as much as Rs 40,000 per student for the course. Even though, the MOU says equal share of profit, Nalsar got only Rs 12 lakh only till date when it should have got an equal share of the money that was collected from 400 students \"The information concerning IAAM is shrouded in mystery\", the judges committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105344", "title": "Chennai man dupes 70 with job offer, lands in cop net", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old man from Indira Nagar in Adyar was arrested on Thursday for cheating 70 people with promises of overseas jobs. He had collected about 40 lakh from them.Leo Antony Joseph, who ran Alpha Consultants on Millers Road in Kilpauk, locked it up after a victim, Dravida Mani, complained to the police.Dravida Mani said he gave Joseph 90,000 for a job abroad but Joseph failed to keep his promise. Joseph then got interim anticipatory bail from the Madras high court after promising a deal for the victims.But when he failed to settle the amount, the Kilpauk police registered a case against him based on a complaint from another victim, Anwar of Ennore. They cancelled Joseph's bail and arrested him. He was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105464", "title": "HC\u2019s no to plea on land acquisition", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the high court, comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar, refused to interdict the acquisition of land along one side of the road from Sant Nirankari Bhavan to Dwarka Hotel on the busy Lakdi-ka-Pul stretch.The bench dismissed a writ appeal filed by M Rajendra Kumar along with nine others.The petitioners - occupants of the premises popularly known as Margadarshi Bhavan - complained that choosing to widen only one side of the road was illegal and discriminatory. A single judge had earlier dismissed the writ petition.The bench pointed out that it was for authorities to decide what land was required and said that neither the land owner nor the court may suggest an alternative plan or site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103342", "title": "Water supply to zila parishad chief cut", "text": "GURGAON: In a drive against water bill defaulters in Sector 10A, HUDA officials disconnected the sewerage and water connection of Zila Parishad chairperson Kavita Yadav. A senior HUDA official said: \"During the drive, it was found that the chairperson's house had water bills running up to Rs 13,574 which had been pending for the past one and a half years.\"HUDA had issued notices in the past about the non-payment of water bills. \"There was no resistance from the people living in the house and the drive was conducted peacefully,\" said the official.The HUDA team also disconnected five other water and sewerage connections in the sector. \"During the drive, the house owners agreed to pay the pending bills on the spot and over Rs 1.50 lakh was collected from different house owners in the sector,\" said the official.Yadav was elected from Ward No. 7 and was subsequently elected chairperson of the Zila Parishad last year.In a separate development, HUDA has issued a notice to an official with the rank of an executive engineer who is now posted in Sonipat. The official, A K Gupta, used to work with HUDA in Gurgaon in the civil wing and was transferred to Sonipat in November last year. He lives in Sector 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "yavatmall", "code": "12103619", "title": "Farm activist wants total ban on Bt cotton", "text": "YAVATMALl: President of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) Kishor Tiwari has demanded a total ban on Bt cotton to save lives of the poor farmers in the region. He made the announcement in a crowded press conference on the eve of the Parliamentary Standing Committee's proposed visit to Yavatmal district on Friday.The 35-member high power committee on agriculture, led by MP Basudeb Acharia , is scheduled to visit two select villages - Bham Raja and Maregaon (Sonbardi) in the district - on Friday and are expected to interact with the farmers there.Their visit aims to look into the problems encountered by the farmers which push them towards committing suicide. They will also oversee the impact of various packages announced by the state and Central governments.\"I am worried that the administration would given in wrong feed back to the panel members and defeat the basic purpose of the visit,\" Tiwari said pointing out that suddenly babus have started pouring in on the eve of the committee's visit. He insisted that the panel members should interact with farmers, farm widows and their kin to understand the actual gravity of the problems encountered by them at the grass-root level. This will help the members to ascertain the grave reality, he added.Tiwari pointed out that though the seed manufacturing and marketing companies have been claiming high yield through Bt cotton through false propaganda. But the reality is a total contrast. The agrarian crisis has worsened following total failure of Bt cotton in the rain-fed region of Vidarbha, he added.\"The panel should not become the mouth piece of the babus and the multinational seed companies,\" he demanded. The suicide rate in the cotton belt is escalating day by day despite all the much hyped packages introduced by the government,\" Tiwari pointed out. The farmers have been reiterating their demand for release of indigenous seeds, fertilizers and other agriculture inputs.Tiwari insisted upon the need to initiate urgent steps to help revive the poor farmers. This will help in curtailing the increasing number of suicides in the region, he added.BoxOne more suicide on the eve of panel visitUnable to repay loan of Rs 1.5 lakh, Sunil Ganesh Vasake (37), resident of village Chachora in Ralegaon tehsil, committed suicide on Thursday afternoon, president of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) Kishor Tiwari informed.Vasake had obtained the loan from Yavatmal Central Co-operative Bank and Central Bank of India .Sarpanch of Bhamraja village Gavkiranbai Karpate informed that her village had witnessed 14 suicides in the past five years due to increasing debt and crop failure.Harichand Chavan, deputy sarpanch of Sonbardi, said there have been four suicides in his village in the past five years.The villagers have urged the panel committee members not to believe in the false feedback given by local administration and instead look into the matter judiciously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105173", "title": "Congress, BJP in slugfest after photo surfaces", "text": "BHOPAL: War of words intensified between the Congress and the ruling BJP in the state after a photo surfaced on Thursday showing state BJP president Prabhat Jha with Shaqib alias 'Danger', a local bully, who has now been arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood.While Jha, a Rajya Sabha member, denied knowing the alleged criminal, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh demanded his resignation on moral grounds saying he considered it as a proof of ruling BJP's ties with criminals.Referring to the pictures, dated June 11, 2011 and surfaced after the CBI claimed to have cracked the RTI activist's murder case and named Shaqib as an accused, Jha said \"Many people try to get photographed with those in public life. Does it mean that those in public life know each one of them? Is it practically possible to run a background check on each and every one who poses for a photograph?\" He said the Congress was trying to politicize the issue for narrow political gains.In a statement, Ajay Singh alleged that the ruling party leaders were patronizing criminals at all levels, leading to a rise in crime and deteriorating law and order situation in the state. He said the morale of such elements have become so high that a group of people, close to the ruling party, had stormed a police station and bashed up policemen in the state capital. Instead of slapping cases against those who raided the police station, the government ordered suspension of 10 policemen, including officials, he alleged.The CBI had arrested an interior designer Zaheda Parvez and Shaqib alias Danger in connection with the murder of RTI activist on Tuesday. Shaqib, against whom at least two dozen criminal cases have been registered at different police stations in Bhopal, had faced externment from Bhopal for a year in November last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108319", "title": "Sanjay Gupta makes wife his producer for 'Shootout\u2026", "text": "The credit titles of Sanjay Gupta's 'Shootout At Wadala' would have Sanjay Gupta's wife Anu Gupta's name as co-producer along with Ekta Kapoor .Says Gupta enthusiastically,\"Yes, for the first time my wife Anu's name will appear as the official producer for my film.In the past ten years I've been to hell and back. I had a near-fatal accident. My wife brought me back from the dead. She gave me a new life, a new beginning and a son, at a time when my so-called friends decided to get seriously malicious. It's a new beginning for me.And if today I'm on the threshold of a fresh beginning it's because of my wife and the son that she has gifted me.So yes, she's the official co-producer of 'Shootout At Wadala'.\"Gupta has no ambitions of seeing his little son Shivansh grow up to be a filmmaker. \"NO way! I've chosen this amazing international school for Shivansh, recommended by my dear friend Anil Kapoor. When I saw the school and the facilities and vision provided there, I immediately began dreaming big academic dreams for my son.\"The film was launched on Wednesday evening in Mumbai with most of the starcast present to lend Sanjay Gupta support, although a section of the industry had threatened to ostracize anyone associated with Gupta.Laughs Gupta nonchalantly, \"I wish my detractors get a life of their own.You really can't keep a creative man down. Every effort to pull me down has finally failed. There was a time when everyone I approached to do a role had already received a warning against working with me. Luckily for me actors of the calibre of Anil Kapoor , John Abraham , Manoj Bajpai and Sonu Sood stood by me.So today I am here, starting a film that I hope will prove I still have a long way to go.\"Gupta says he has never felt so nervous excited and anxious. \"When I started my career as a director in 1994 with Aatish I was barely 22 and completely fearless. I had no fear of the unknown because I didn't know what lay in store. Today having made that long journey I am embarking on another phase in my life with far more nervousness than my first film because I've a huge personal and professional responsibility on my shoulder. 'Shootout At Wadala' has to work.\"Known for adapting foreign films all his career 'Shoootout At Wadala' is a fiercely original script.Protests Gupta, \"Sure, a lot of my work in the past was derivative. But none of the adaptations were blind copies. I did my own take on the originals. And I've also done original films . In my Dus Kahaniyan every story was original.\"Copyright rules have lately become more stringent. Is that one of the reasons why Sanjay Gupta has decided to go original with his new film?Protests the director,\"Not at all! And really, who says filmmakers have stopped copying because of stringent copyright laws? They're still doing it, though not getting caught at it. Even now proving plagiarism charges in a court of law is very tough. No, I'm only going to be doing original films now. Let others do the derivations now. I'm done with them.\"At the event for the commencement of 'Shootout At Wadala' on Thursday evening Sanjay Gupta had a special section devoted to his technicians. \"They are the ones who actually make a film. Of course I honoured the actors in my film by giving each one of them their character's name and a dialogue from the film. But I felt it was equally important to honour the technicians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111183", "title": "Saif plans a big bash for Agent Vinod team", "text": "Songs like Dil Muft Ka, I'll Do The Talking Tonight and Pungi are topping the chartbusters these days.Impressed with the kind of response Agent Vinod's music has been receiving, we've heard Saif AliKhan is planning to throw a success party for his AV team.According to an industry insider the actor wasn't so happy with the idea of launching its music online. The actor wanted a grand music launch but for some reasons settled on online music release.Now that the music is a big hit producer gives all credit to his music director Pritam also feeling his team deserves a big celebration. After all, Nawab will not settle for something small.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "12105515", "title": "B Pharm student kills herself", "text": "NALGONDA: A B Pharmacy student committed suicide by consuming pesticide at her home at Miriyala village in Nutankal mandal of Nalgonda district on Thursday morning unable to cope up with harassment from an auto driver.M Sumalatha, a third year student of a private college at Suryapet, resorted to the extreme step when her parents were away in Hyderabad. While locals tried to rush her to a hospital, she died on the way to the hospital. Relatives said that Sumalatha committed suicide as she was pestered by the accused, Nagesh, to marry him.Sources said Nagesh along with his friends used to tease her at the bus stop or at the auto stand whenever she was on her way to the college from her village.Nagesh who also hails from Miriyala was even reprimanded once by the village elders, but he did not change his ways. \"The post-mortem was done at the Suryapet area hospital. We are investigating the case,\" Suryapet DSP Venkat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106140", "title": "FDA officials seize four quintals of adulterated khoya", "text": "KANPUR: The officials of food and drug authority (FDA) seized nearly four quintals of adulterated khoya from Govind Nagar khoya mandi on Thursday. The FDA officials and the police raided the khoya mandi on Thursday afternoon and collected samples. A large quantity of khoya was also seized from the shops.Food and drug inspector DR Mishra said that during inspection, approximately four quintals of khoya was seized. The sellers escaped from the spot after seeing the FDA officials. The official informed that khoya, ghee and kaju katli samples were collected from Jai Sweets in Govind Nagar. Samples of oil, vanaspati ghee and khoya were also taken from Kishanlal Sweets in Vidyarthi Market aand sent for laboratory tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal ", "code": "12105525", "title": "Gang-rapists maybe stripped of property : DGP Dube", "text": "BHOPAL : The state government is considering steps to attach the property of those accused in gang rapes and other heinous crimes against women, according to the new state police chief, Nandan Dube.Officers would be exclusively tasked to handle such crimes and the accused may even be declared as offenders if they continue to abscond, DGP Dube said, in a chat with TOI.Dube said these would be part of a set of strict provisions to deal with the spike in such anti-woman crimes. These cases would also be meticulously followed up in court, he added.Thursday was his first day in the office as DGP, for this IPS officer of the 1976 batch.While he discussed a host of policing issues with TOI, he preferred to skirt issues like the recently-announced police commissionerates for Indore and Bhopal and the fracas that saffron activists in Bhopal had with policemen, culminating in the suspension of ten cops.When reminded that he has been made police chief at a point when crimes have been soaring sporadically, especially those against women, Dube said all efforts every effort would be made to check it. Amidst the incessant ring of his phones and responding to greetings, Dube said his biggest challenge would be to \"create a fear for the police uniform in the minds of criminals, and to win the confidence of the people\".The soft- spoken cop would have a nearly 3 year long tenure as the top cop. In between, he would also have an assembly election to look after. He said the basic idea is to keep the force alert and on its toes, even in normalcy.\"Dacoits keep springing surprises almost every six-seven years ( he was an additional SP in the ravine-heavy Morena during his initial years in service). Similarly, the SIMI may not be operating in its original form, but they can return in different shapes, so the mantra is not to be complacent, ever\" he said, adding the same applied to the naxalite threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12103992", "title": "3 students run away from their Mulund homes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police registered a case of missing after three students ran away from their homes on the pretext of going to school on Wednesday.Initially, four girls, all class VIII students of an English-medium school, decided to run away, but at the last moment, one of them decided to stay back.Investigators learnt that the girls were fed up with their parents' behaviour and the step-motherly treatment they got from them. \"We learnt about the basic information through the fourth girl. She said they were fed up with their parents' attitude and the way they were treated,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi.The police said the girls left home around 12.30pm on Wednesday to attend classes. On reaching the school gates, they planned to go on a long tour to spend a \"free life\". The parents got worried only at night, when the girls did not return home. The parents of the girls, who hail from middle class families, complained to the Mulund police. Based on information from the three girls' parents, the police tracked down the fourth girl.\"The girl said they had been planning to run away for a month, but she did not reveal the whereabouts of her friends or where they had planned to go,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105866", "title": "Dead man booked for stealing generator parts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police on Thursday booked a dead man for stealing parts of a generator in Sector 8. Around 6.15am when a watchman, Shiv Kumar, saw a body lying in a pool of blood on the rear of Sector 8 showroom market and a bag containing generator parts near it, he called the police. Suspecting that the man had stolen the parts, cops registered a case under sections 379 (theft) and 411 (dishonestly receiving stolen property) of the IPC at Sector 3 police station. The generator was installed on the top of a building there.Sub-inspector Inder Singh of Sector 3 police station said, \"Prima facie it seems that after committing the theft, the unidentified person was coming down with the help of cable wires, but fell down accidentally. His head might have hit the ground, killing him on the spot.\"A senior police officer said, \"As the accused has died and the stolen goods recovered, a closure report will be sent to the court concerned after completing the legal proceedings.\" The body has been kept in the mortuary of Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, for postmortem. It is not the first time that the police have slapped criminal charges against a dead man. Cases of death due to negligent driving, among others, have been registered against dead persons in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104695", "title": "Hoardings return to city", "text": "NASHIK: Illegal hoardings have once again come up in parts of the city with newly elected politicians thanking their voters and the supporters of such leaders wishing them for their achievements or birthdays.At traffic junctions in Shalimar and in front of Icchamani Lawns (Nashik Road), in colonies of Shikharewadi, Mumbai Naka and Bhabha Nagar, these hoardings are prominently displayed. The anti-encroachment department has turned a blind eye towards the hoardings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104656", "title": "Panel to take fresh call on fees for BEd, BPEd colleges", "text": "PUNE: The Shikshan Shulka Samiti (fee fixation panel) will take a fresh call on resolving the issue of who should finalise the tuition fees for the education and physical education degrees and postgraduate colleges for the forthcoming AY 2012-13.\"We (the fee panel) have not yet received any specific guidelines from the state government on the matter. The committee will deliberate a fresh strategy to deal with the fee revision proposals by education colleges for 2012-13,\" said P E Gaikwad, office secretary to the fee panel, while speaking to TOI on Thursday.Last year (AY 2011-12), none of the total 556 fee revision proposals submitted by the BEd/MEd and BPEd/MPEd colleges in the state, were taken up for finalisation by the fee panel. This included 402 proposals by BEd colleges; 47 by BPEd; 12 by MPEd and 95 by MEd.The panel \"held back\" all these proposals and had asked the state government to clarify whether it (panel) was mandated to handle these proposals in the wake of the regulations issued by the National Council of Teachers' Education (NCTE) seeking separate mechanism for fixing fees.On August 25, 2010, the NCTE had notified in the official gazette of the Government of India, a fresh set of fee regulations for colleges stating that the state government should set up an independent fee fixation mechanism for BEd/BPEd colleges.The regulations further provided that fee revision proposals be forwarded to the competent authority established either by the state government, the central government or the University Grants Commission.The fee panel had then cleared 509 proposals for AY 2010-11 as the NCTE's regulations were notified in August 2010 while the panel's clearance process had started much earlier.Gaikwad said, \"One of the BEd institutions had moved the court on this issue and even got the court's order, but a debate persists on whether the order is limited only to the individual institution or is applicable to all.\"He said, \"The state government has not given any clear instruction so far on this matter. However, the fee panel will have to consider ways to resolve the matter for the impending year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12106109", "title": "State govt gears up to fight \u2018early\u2019 summer", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With March signalling the onset of summer, the state government on Thursday stepped up its preparedness to prevent heatwave deaths, which have become a significant killer in Odisha in recent years. The daytime temperature had already crossed 40 degree Celsius in certain parts like Bhubaneswar and Malkangiri in February.On a day when the highest temperature was recorded at 38 degree Celsius at Titlagarh, known for its scorching summer, chief minister Naveen Patnaik reviewed the preparations. He asked district collectors to take all possible steps and properly monitor preparations in their respective areas for mitigating heat conditions.The administrative departments concerned should also monitor preparedness in close tandem with the district administrations, he said. An official release said Naveen directed different departments to ensure uninterrupted drinking water supply both in rural and urban areas. Besides, he stressed on immediate repair of defunct tubewells, piped water projects as well as supply of water in tankers in water scarce localities of the state.Arrangement of drinking water should be ensured for animals too, he instructed. The health department was asked to ensure adequate stock of ORS (oral rehydration salt), IV (intra-veinous) fluids at government hospitals and dispensaries for sunstroke patients. These apart, the governement, in a bid to create mass awareness to beat the heat, would make adequate publicity through media.The meeting also decided to revise timings of different examinations depending on the heat conditions, even though such changes are normally done after March 31 every year. The school and mass education department was asked to ensure supply of drinking water in schools, said a government officer.Like previous years, the government also decided to restrict working hours of labourers and plying of buses during hours when the mercury level goes up. On Wednesday, Naveen stressed on completion of construction of a drinking water treatment plant at Dakhinpur in Berhampur town by April 15, an official release said. This project aims to supply additional 200 lakh litre of water to residents of the Silk City, taking the total supply of piped water to 570 lakh litre. Keeping in view the longterm need of Berhampur, another water Rs 250 crore project targeting distribution of 125 million litres by 2042 is being planned, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104765", "title": "Four get life term for murder of man", "text": "NASHIK: Four people were sentenced to life for killing a person over a petty issue, while in a separate case, a man was sentenced to five years in prison.In the first case, prime accused, Sachin Avhad, and the victim, Akash Takankhar, had gone to a hotel in the CBS area for dinner. Sachin Avhad an argument with Takankhar following which he assaulted Takankhar with a chopper along with co-accused Girish Avhad, Santosh Ambekar, Sandeep Ambekar and a minor. The victim died after which a complaint was lodged by one Ashish Lohakare. Sessions judge RS Bhandurge gave life imprisonment to all, except the minor, who is facing trial under the juvenile court. In another case, the victim, Balu Gite, and the accused, Devidas Ingole, had a fight.While Ingole broke a wall, Balu Gite along with Ravindra Gite reconstructed it, following which Ingole killed Gite. Ingole was given a five-year jail term by judge Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106166", "title": "Police fail to submit report in Rahul case", "text": "KANPUR: Hearing in a complaint against Congress MP Rahul Gandhi could not take place at the court of chief metropolitan magistrate on Thursday as the police had not sent the report to the court. CMM Peeyush Pandey adjourned the hearing and fixed March 3 as next date for hearing.Shakeel Ahmad had filed a case under Section 156 ( 3) CrPC against Rahul Gandhi, Sriprakash Jaiswal and local leaders of Congress Sandeep Shukla and Mahesh Shukla and sought an order from the court to direct the Chakeri police to register a criminal case against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106361", "title": "Ucassaim panch member disqualified for not paying multiple VP taxes", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state election commission has disqualified Manisha Mahesh Mayenkar from being a member of the village panchayat of Ucassaim-Paliem-Punola in Bardez in an order passed on February 20.The order by Goa state election commissioner Dr M Modassir follows a complaint against Mayenkar by Siddarth Madgaonkar of Paliem, Bardez.Madgaonkar had filed the complaint in July 2010 alleging that Mayenkar, pancha member of ward I in the Ucassaim-Paliem-Punola panchayat, had not paid any house tax, light tax, etc to the village panchayat for three years.Among other tax-related complaints, Madgaonkar alleged that \"as per provision of Section 10(d) of Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994, respondent (Mayenkar) is in arrears of taxes\" and therefore is liable to be disqualified.In her defence, among other things, Mayenkar argued that that according to Article 1117 of the Law of Marriage under Portuguese law in force in Goa, the administration of the common properties vests in husband only and wife is not entitled to administer the estate. She argued that \"wife cannot be held responsible for husband's default.\"The state election commissioner however noted that Mayenkar \"cannot take the plea that since husband has failed to pay the taxes she is not in arrears of tax. Respondent having admitted that the husband has failed to pay, the former is therefore in arrears of tax as per section 10(d) of the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994 and therefore stands disqualified as a panch under the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105925", "title": "Profit booking crushes pepper prices", "text": "KOCHI: Speculators apparently booked profits prior to March pepper future prices sliding a steep 2.37% or Rs 940 per quintal (100 kg), to Rs 38,670 per quintal (open interest of 4,145 lots) in mid-afternoon trade on Thursday. Spice for delivery in April lost Rs 835 or 2.10% to Rs 38,970 per quintal in 4,125 lots. The intense profit-booking at the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange could affect prices in the short term, though trade analysts said that the long-term damage would be negligible.\"Short-term profit booking has been rampant rendering the market unviable for pepper farmers. At any rate, I don't see the impact lasting beyond 6-7 weeks,\" said Jojan Malayil of spices exporter Bafna Enterprises.A Spices Board official said the profit booking had led to fall in pepper prices, and expected per quintal price of the commodity to fall by a further Rs 30 in the coming days. \"This could lead to some farmers offloading their stock in anticipation of a further fall in prices,\" he cautioned.However, Malayil said falling production could lessen the extent of losses.\"Lower output means that farmers will not offload their stocks in a hurry. So, to that extent, losses will be limited,\" he said. Spice industry veterans said that with 10 months to go for the next harvest, there is still time to meet production targets. \"The household demand for pepper in India alone is 36,000-40,000 tonnes per annum. There is enough ground for the market to recover,\" said an industry veteran.Prices of Indian pepper this year would be Rs 20-30 more per quintal than Vietnam pepper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12105570", "title": "Aeroplus expo thrills Coimbatore students", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a rare opportunity for the public and students from various schools in the city to witness aircraft from across the world during the four day 'Aeroplus Expo' at the Nehru College of Aeronautics and Applied Sciences in Coimbatore on Thursday. The exhibition was inaugurated by Jayanthi Rajesh, head SRIS-2.The expo gave participants the opportunity to experience various technologies through the display of a huge model airport, aviation photo gallery and aero modeling shows. \"I always fly when I travel. But this is the first time I got to understand how an aircraft works,\" said G Shankar, a businessman from Sidhapudur. The expo showcased various models of Cesna 150 and 152, King Air C 90, Bell 47-G and HT-2. Business Jet Aircraft and Hawker 125 were the star attractions. The plane has the capacity to carry 10 passengers including the crew and it can touch a maximum speed of 514mph.Naveen Kumar, a class 11 student got the opportunity to participate in the ground run of Cesna 150 after winning a singing competition. \"I've always wanted to become a pilot, and this expo has provided great motivation for me,\" he said. \"Industrial visits are becoming difficult to arrange due to security reasons. But if the government can make such visits possible, it is a great opportunity for students to learn,\" said P Krishnakumar, CEO of Nehru college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12106216", "title": "Don\u2019t declare donors\u2019 poll results: HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court on Thursday directed the Aligarh Muslim University vic-chancellor not to declare the results of the election of representative of donors without leave of the court.Passing the order, a division bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel told the AMU counsel to seek detailed instructions in this case. The court fixed March 19 for next hearing. The court, however, said the election process may be continued but results would not be declared. The order was passed on the petition of Sarwar Hussain Khan of AMU. Khan had challenged the election alleging it was arbitrary as it is being conducted in haste with ulterior motive. Prof Noor Mohammad has been appointed chief election officer to conduct the election scheduled for March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104839", "title": "Leaders, partymen greet CM on birthday", "text": "PATNA: How do country's top political leaders, who have had a stint in the Union cabinet in the past or have enjoyed proven credentials as Lok Sabha (LS) MP, come to know that a particular day is their birthday? Normally, it is when the Prime Minister or some high profile national leaders make a telephonic call to the political leader concerned to wish him or her birthday greetings.Thursday brought a same experience to CM Nitish Kumar who was born on March 1, 1951. When asked who was the first to greet him on the occasion, Nitish, seated in his chair in his state assembly chamber, first said, \"Aise mauke par sabse pehle PM ka hi call aata hai (on such occasions, normally, it is the PM who makes the first call to give birthday greetings).\"LS Speaker Meira Kumar and leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , also rang up Nitish. \"Actually, I wasn't even aware that Thursday (March 1) was that special day for me, or the day when I will get birthday greetings. Like any other day, I was just going through the newspapers, when the PM's call came,\" Nitish said, adding: \"Three or four calls came in the morning itself.\"His assembly chamber was, in fact, crowded mostly with MLAs and there were also others who had come to discuss something important with him. JD(U) and BJP women MLAs stood on his right, and one of them even sang, \"Badhai ho badhai, janam din tumhare\" with a sangfroid that matched the occasion, and then walked out of the chamber, while a few others hung around to greet him and also touch his feet for blessings.Earlier, in the state assembly, Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary's announcement that Thursday was CM's birthday was greeted with the thumping of desks. While leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui also greeted him, JD(U) member Izhar Ahmed, having greeted the CM, said he should make some birthday announcement for the benefit of the legislators! He also requested the Speaker to arrange a feast on the occasion. When Choudhary quipped, \"The feast would be arranged after the session ends,\" sending the MLAs to peals of laughter. Nitish himself could not stop blushing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12107173", "title": "Work opportunities still open for Indian students: Prof Thomas", "text": "LONDON: There will still be opportunities for highly skilled students from non-EU countries such as India after their studies in UK, even as new visa rules come in effect from April 6, a top education official has said.\"Students can currently work in the UK for 2 years after their studies have finished under the Tier 1 (Post-study work) route. But from April 6, a more selective system will come into effect, so only the most talented international graduates can apply to stay in the UK for work purposes, Prof Eric Thomas , President of the Universities UK has said.\"Only those who graduate from a university, and have an offer of a skilled job at a salary of at least 20,000 pounds (or more in some cases) from a reputable employer accredited by the UK Border Agency , will be able to continue living and working in the UK. There will still be an opportunity to work,\" he said.Noting that UK continues to be one of the most attractive study destinations in the world, he said efforts are being made to ensure that international students are not included in Government's net migration figures.Dr Newman, Director of International UK Higher Education, said she would visit India in the first week of April to attend a Round Table meeting convened by Union minister Kapil Sibal.New rules will come into force within weeks to cut abuse of the student visa route and ensure that only the brightest and the best students can stay and work in the UK.The rules are part of a radical overhaul of the student visa system, which will encourage growth, boost the economy (young entrepreneurs or small company directors will get the chance to stay on in the UK after their studies if they have 50,000 pounds to invest in their business), ensure that students can support themselves, tackle abuse - restricting work placements to one-third of the course for international students who are studying below degree level will ensure that those coming to the UK are here to study, not to work (as was often the case in the past).Additionally, the time that can be spent studying at degree level will be restricted to a general limit of 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105459", "title": "Liquor case: Bail plea of accused rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice KC Bhanu of the high court on Thursday dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of Hyderabad liquor syndicate leader B Balraj Goud who has evaded the law for the past few weeks.The judge dismissed the plea after agreeing with ACB that a bail to Goud at this stage would hamper the investigation.In a separate hearing, the judge also dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of police officer Sarveswar Reddy's wife Jyothy. Sarveswar Reddy was recently booked by ACB in a disproportionate assets case.His wife told HC that she was now apprehending arrest in the same case.The ACB counsel, however, told the court that she was evading the law and hence should not be granted an anticipatory bail. All illegal assets acquired by Sarveswar Reddy are registered in her name, the ACB said.The judge expressed his dissatisfaction over the delay by ACB in filing its counter to the bail plea of Nunna Venkata Ramana.The Khammam liquor syndicate member whose alleged confession against state excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana has given rise to a furore in political circles.The case has been posted to Monday for a hearing.The ACB court, meanwhile, granted bail to an excise CI Karam Chand who was arrested in a Warangal syndicate case.Four other accountants from this syndicate, too, were given bail. But the bail pleas of Warangal syndicate leaders Mohan Reddy, Santhosh Reddy, Anand and Sudhakar were dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105149", "title": "Govt approves setting up 8 special courts under new anti-graft law", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government on Wednesday approved the setting-up of eight special courts under the provisions of the newly enacted Madhya Pradesh Special Courts Act 2011 to combat corruption by those holding public offices.\"The state cabinet presided over by the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, sanctioned creation of 72 posts for the courts including posts of eight district and sessions judges for speedy trials of corruption cases. Two courts will be set-up in every major city in the state including Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior.Setting up the anti-corruption courts will cost the state exchequer a recurring expenditure of Rs 2.11 crore and a non-recurring expenditure of Rs 2.59 crore.Madhya Pradesh Special Courts Act which came into force after the President's assent in the last week of December last year, empowers the state to file an application through the public prosecutor before the court for confiscation of property on the basis of prima facie evidence where it has reasons to believe that any government employee has amassed wealth by illegal and corrupt means.After receiving the application, the court shall serve a notice to the persons accused in the application and summon them to explain their sources of income and assets and explain the means by which he amassed the wealth. If the judge is not satisfied with the explanation, the court would be empowered to issue orders for confiscation of the wealth.Under the provisions of the Act, the Sessions judge or the additional sessions' judge is the officer authorised for confiscation of property. The Special Courts are being set-up for fast track hearing of corruption cases and dispose them within a period of one year,'' chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said.A person aggrieved by the orders of the Special Courts can further appeal to the High Court within 30 days. Under the provisions of the Act, no other court is authorized to hear an appeal or for revision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106343", "title": "School girl assaulted by classmate's mother", "text": "PANAJI: A 15-year-old girl was assaulted by her classmate's mother at the victim's home after they had an argument in school.Mother of the victim from Saligao complained that on February 16, at 2.45pm at Sequeirawaddo, Saligao, the accused person Shanti Naik criminally trespassed into her house and abused her daughter and then assaulted her with slaps.Calangute police have registered a case against Naik under various sections of Indian Penal Code and Section 8 (2) of Goa Children's Act 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106394", "title": "Goa polls to be 'monitored' this time", "text": "PANAJI: Over 6,246 polling persons, 2,304 local police personnel and 20 companies of central reserve police forces are fanning out tomorrow in all 40 constituencies of Goa to see the smooth finish of the assembly polls.The poll monitoring system (PMS), where photographs and fingerprints of all voters will be captured on computers, will be the highlight of the Goa assembly elections as this is the first time PMS is being tried in a whole state. It was earlier tried successfully in the Valpoi by-elections on October 18, 2010.A joint press conference was addressed by the joint chief electoral officer N S Navti and district election officer Mihir Vardhan to explain the preparations in the state. The officers said that Goa has 100% coverage in both electoral photo-identity cards as well as photo-electoral rolls.Clarifying apprehensions on photography and finger-printing, Vardhan said there is no connection between the poll monitoring system and the electronic voting machine.\"The identity of the voters will not be revealed and the photographs and fingerprints are only for the election commission's database,\" Vardhan said. Vardhan also clarified the concept of 49-O rule, which describes the procedure to be followed when a valid voter decides not to cast his vote, and decides to record this fact.Vardhan added that if a voter, who has been photographed, fingerprints taken, and his finger marked with indelible ink, changes his mind and refuses to vote, that voter can sign the 17-A register and walk away. The authorities will also try and upload voting trends on the website of the Goa chief electoral officer every two hours.Though the coverage of EPIC in Goa is 100%, there are 48 cases in the state where the photographs of the voters in the EPICs are not clear. These voters will be allowed to show alternate documents, Vardhan said.cw 1 30m;cw 2 30m;cw 3 30m;cw 4 30m;cw 5 30m;hr 0;fr 0;fc 0;lc 0;The election personnel have already conducted rehearsals on the PMS and are expecting to encounter connectivity problems in the polling stations of remote areas. But connectivity is not the main priority. Election authorities are more concerned about capturing the photographs and fingerprints of voters, Vardhan said. Despite that, the authorities will strive to upload voting trends on the website of the Goa chief electoral officer every two hours.Vardhan said that the population of security personnel is such that in every polling station, there will be not less than 3 security personnel.Though the coverage of EPIC in Goa is 100%, there are 48 cases in the state where the photographs of the voters in the EPICs are not clear. These voters will be allowed to show alternate documents, Vardhan said.VotersNorth GoaSouth GoaTotalMale288631222480511111Female290353224842515195TOTAL1026306Polling stationsNorth GoaSouthGoaTotalCritical8826114Vulnerable412566CandidatesNorth GoaSouthGoaTotalMale11393205Female7310Total12096215Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105047", "title": "Coimbatore top cop apologises in court", "text": "CHENNAI: Coimbatore commissioner of police T P Sundaramoorthy appeared before a division bench of the Madras high court on Thursday and tendered an unconditional apology in a contempt case.The case related to a habeas corpus petition filed by M Johnson of Tuticorin, who claimed his 18-year-old son J Kishore Jaffrin did not return home after being picked up by police in a theft case.When the petition was taken up on February 7, the bench of Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali directed the inspector probing the case, Muthuraj, to appear before it on February 14. However, the inspector deputed a constable to appear before the court on February 14.The judges, treating it as wilful disobedience of court orders, asked the police commissioner to arrest the inspector. When the case came up for hearing on February 22, Muthuraj was present in uniform along with assistant commissioner of police Sundaresan.But judges said a non-bailable warrant had been issued against the inspector which made him an accused, and therefore, he was not entitled to appear in uniform. The court initiated suo motu contempt proceedings against the police commissioner.Sundaramoorthy, in his affidavit on Thursday, explained the circumstances under which the arrest warrant against the inspector could not be executed. His apology was accepted. The court was also told that Johnson's son was arrested by Rajapalayam police and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104707", "title": "SSC exam: 168 incidents of malpractice on day one", "text": "PUNE: A total of 168 instances of exam malpractices were recorded on the first day of the state education board's secondary school certificate (SSC, Class X) examination, which started on Thursday. This included 29 cases reported from Pune division. The first language papers for Marathi, Hindi and other regional languages, including Urdu and Gujarati, were held on the first day of the board exam.\"A majority of the 168 malpractice cases were relating to copying attempts by students at various exam centres,\" Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman, Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, told TOI.He said, \"The maximum cases - 70 in numbers - were reported from Nagpur division, followed by 44 in Nashik division and 29 in Pune division, which covers Pune, Ahmednagar and Solapur districts. Another 19 cases were reported from Aurangabad division while Amravati division reported six cases.\"Incidentally, not a single case was reported from Mumbai, Kolhapur, Latur and Konkan divisions of the state board. \"We have put measures to check instances of malpractices during the ongoing exam,\" Jadhav said, and added that efforts will be on to see that such instances are kept in check.Barring these instances, the board exam made a smooth beginning, as over 17.11 lakh students from across the state are enrolled for the exam this year. This includes over 15.48 lakh fresh candidates and over 1.63 lakh repeater candidates besides 51,019 external candidates and 6,441 physically-handicapped candidates. Pune division has more than 2.71 lakh students appearing in the exam this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105107", "title": "Experts brainstorm to tap runaway water", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre for Water Resources (CWR) at Anna University is carrying out a study on flood mitigation in various parts of Chennai, especially on Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR). It is analysing how to channelise rainwater for optimum use.During the last monsoon, flooding was acute on OMR. Underground parking facilities built by several companies started collecting rainwater. Many of them were nine to 12 metres deep,\" said N G Anuthaman, an associate professor at the centre. The centre is studying whether there are other water bodies on OMR into which the excess water can be diverted. It is also considering the possibility of using micro drains to carry the water.He was speaking on the sidelines of a workshop on evolving integrated water resources management for Chennai on Thursday. At the event, R Sakthivadivelu, advisor to CWR said that by utilising surface water that gathers during rains, the future demand can be met. The idea is to collect surface runoff, which otherwise gets drained to sea or floods such places.The water demand in 2026 is expected to be around 2249 million litres per day (mld), but availability is likely to be only 1,954 mld. \"We have the capacity to tap 1,100 mld of surface water by making it pass through a conduit. Utilising this, we can bridge the gap and use the rest for irrigation,\" he said.At the workshop, experts underlined the need for an integrated groundwater mapping. Apart from some pockets, Chennai has the capacity to harness groundwater which has been depleting at many places. Rain water harvesting should be made more scientific by taking into account the hydrogeology of the locality. Groundwater has to be scientifically estimated and its pollution should be stopped, said a speaker.Experts also felt the need for buildings to tap rainwater and store it in underground sumps. In Sholinganallur, companies declared two holidays after lorries went on strike and water supply was affected. This can be prevented if rainwater that falls on the rooftop can be collected and stored, said another participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12104068", "title": "Cop\u2019s son goes missing from Greater Noida house", "text": "NOIDA: Abhay Pathak, the 18-year-old son of an Uttar Pradesh police official, went missing from his Greater Noida residence on February 25. Six days on, police are clueless about his whereabouts.Police have launched a search operation for the Class XII student. He had come to Greater Noida from Aligarh on February 5 to prepare for his CBSE board exams, which started on Thursday. His father, Ved Prakash Pathak, a sub-inspector at the police lines in Greater Noida, lodged a complaint on Sunday.Abhay alias Harshit - the only son of his parents - studies at a private school in Aligarh. \"Though I was transferred to Gautam Budh Nagar, my son decided to complete his Class XII from Aligarh,\" said Prakash. \"Abhay had come to Greater Noida to prepare for his exams,\" he said. The family resides at the senior citizens' society in Greater Noida.Abhay used to go to a coaching centre in Alpha-I sector. On Saturday too, he told his parents that he had some doubts in physics and chemistry and left for the coaching centre around 11am. However, he neither reached the centre nor returned home.\"When my son did not return home, I called him around 9pm. But his cellphone was switched off,\" said Prakash. \"Thinking that he may be at a friend's place, we waited till the next morning. Then we alerted the police,\" Abhay's father said.SHO Jagat Singh Sharma from Kasna police station said, \"We have sought his call details from the telecom company. The family does not suspect anyone.\"Data published on Zonal Integrated Police Network (Zipnet) states that in 2011 there have been 165 cases of missing people, but activists fear the real number could be much higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12103987", "title": "NGO workers depart from Egypt after judiciary lifts ban on their travel", "text": "CAIRO: Seventeen foreigners, including nine American pro-democracy activists left Egypt on Thursday after a ban on their travel abroad was lifted by the judiciary.Egyptian judiciary lifted the travel ban on the NGO workers currently facing trial for receiving illicit foreign funding and fomenting unrest in the country, a case that has tested Cairo's relations with Washington.The activists worked at non-governmental organisations and other institutions that were raided by the Egyptian authorities in December.BBC quoted Mena, the official Egyptian news agency, as reporting that the Americans had arrived at Cairo airport on in five vans, accompanied by a US embassy official.Their departure is expected to ease tensions with Washington, which had suggested that the failure of Egyptian military rulers to resolve the case could imperil US aid to its key Middle Eastern ally.Media reports said the non-American passengers comprised a Norwegian, three Serbs, two Germans and a Palestinian.Earlier court officials were quoted as saying in the media that each defendant had paid roughly USD 330,000 in bail.The Americans include Sam LaHood, the son of US transportation secretary Ray LaHood and head of the International Republican Institute (IRI) in Egypt. He and several other US citizens had taken refuge inside their Cairo embassy.The activists worked with five foreign NGOs accused of receiving illicit foreign funds and operating without licenses. The defendants and their lawyers have denied the charges, which they said were political.The trial has led to one of the widest rifts between the US and its ally Egypt in recent history. US legislators threatened that they could imperil more than USD 1.3 billion annual American aid to Egypt, mostly to the military.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110579", "title": "London Paris New York: Just another rom-com", "text": "If only Siddharth Anand's 'Anjaana Anjaani' was funnier, warmer, more kindered in spirit and less burdened by the responsibility of making the pair look at home on foreign shores, it could have conveyed the pleasure quotient of 'London Paris New York' (LPN).Indeed denutant writer-director Anu Menon imparts a talcum-freshness into a tale that has only two principal characters. He and She. And what happened Mama, Papa, Chacha, Chachi? Sooraj Barjatya won't like this one bit.Luckily for Ms Menon the lines that she puts into the mouths of her lead pair simply melt in their mouths. The dialogues that could make or fake a rom-com, seem to work mainly because the actors promptly absorb the words and make them their home.Unlike other singers-turned-actors who speak their lines in a song-song voice Ali Zafar doesn't sound like a singer when he talks. He is, in fact, a big bonus in this kabhi-sassy-kabhi-glum take on that thing called love. Ali gives just that bit of extra push to the less perky scenes. His ebullience and involvement with the romantic aspect of the script seems sensible, cautious but not over-studied.Aditi Rao Hydari was star material from the time she stood behind Sonam Kapoor in 'Delhi 6'. Come forward, girl, take a bow as we say a collective wow. Here she comes into her own. This time she has no torrid smooching scenes no tumultuous moment to show what a bitch that thing called love can be. She manages to convey a cool coquettishness which is never stagey or annoying.Quite a pair, this. Having got them in place Anu Menon glides gently if a little languorously through the 3 cities mentioned in the title creating an arching kinship between her co stars who look more like pals than lovers. Nikhil (Ali Zafar) and Lalita (Aditi Rao) don't seem like the kind of couple that would spend too much time in bed once they're married. And that suits the audiences' fine.God knows we've seen enough couples trying to sleep if not sleepwalk through rom-coms. LPN takes the guarded, serene, low-speed lane in the highway of love. The three cities emerge as the true heroes of the plot, thanks in no small measure to veteran cinematographer Sameer Arya who lenses the three cities with the love of someone who's been there and done it all, and not on a tourist visa.The film's biggest advantage is its casual non-ostentatious calm and easygoing mood. Don't look for specially-written scenes to spotlight the couple's journey into the three phases of their life as they seek to find answers to the conundrum of the heart.Not too many secrets on the emotion called love are unveiled in this comme ci comme ca rom-com. But the going is never amateurish. Most importantly 'London Paris New York' gives us two new dependable engaging stars.More than another rom-com, we need those. Desperately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104842", "title": "\u2018Dil to kya cheez hai\u2026 ye jaan se pyare hein Nitish\u2019", "text": "PATNA: It was one of the rare moments when the CM Nitish Kumar did not speak in the Bihar Legislative Council. Thursday, being Nitish's birthday, he was advised by the council chairman Tara Kant Jha not to speak in the House at least on his birthday. Nitish, in turn, accepted the birthday greetings from members wearing his broad smile.Intervening during the question hour in the pre-lunch session, JD(U) member Aslam Azad rose on his feet and congratulated CM who was sitting in the House. \"Jo kabhi dube nahi aise sitare hein Nitish....jisko dekho wahi kahta hai Nitish\", Azad recited exclusively for the CM amidst loud applause from the other members in the House. Azad then recited his own composed poem in Nitish's honour -- \"Muslim aur Hindu sabke sine mein rahte hein......dil to kya cheese hai.. ...ye jaan se pyare hein Nitish\".It was quite an emotional moment when members cutting across the party lines praised the CM for his commitment towards the development of Bihar.Leader of the opposition in the council Ghulam Gaus (RJD) while congratulating the CM said his relationship with him goes back to the days of 1974 movement in Bihar. Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) said now he (read Nitish) should take over the prestigious post of PM. \"Only after he becomes PM, Bihar will get its proper due,\" Yadav said.Kedar Nath Pandey ( CPI) while wishing the CM on his birthday said Nitish has now become the synonymous to Bihar. Nitish has shown a path of sustained development in Bihar which is bound to develop now, he said.Basudeo Singh ( CPM) echoed similar views when he said: \"I wish that he would lead the nation now.\"The deputy chairman Salim Parvez while quoting verses from the Quran on the occasion, said now a Bihari should become the PM.The deputy leader of the ruling party in the council Ramashraya Prasad Singh was emotional when he said the entire world is looking at Nitish. \"I have been serving the people of Bihar since 1962. I have seen several stalwarts including Srikrishna Sinha, the first CM of Bihar but Nitish is incredible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12108829", "title": "CBI produces Reddy before court, remanded till March 12", "text": "BANGALORE: Amid tight security, former Karnataka tourism minister and mining baron G Janardhana Reddy was today produced before a special CBI court here which remanded him to CBI custody till March 12 in connection with an illegal mining case.Reddy and 20 others are facing charges for their alleged involvement in illegal mining, over which the CBI had filed an FIR against them in October last.Reddy was brought here in the early hours of today by CBI personnel from Hyderabad and later escorted into the court.Associated Mining Corporation ( AMC ) and Deccan Mining Syndicate (DMC) owned by Reddy and his wife Aruna Lakshmi have been facing probe over charges of illegal mining.Additional Civil and Sessions Court judge B M Angadi remanded Reddy to custody after CBI moved an application in this regard.Former minister and Congress leader V Muniyappa and few other officials are the other accused in the case.The city civil court complex, where the CBI court is located, witnessed trouble following an altercation between a section of advocates and media persons over filming of the events that followed production of Reddy before the court.A camera person was injured when some advocates attacked few regional channel camera crew following which media persons staged a protest at the court premises.Expressing displeasure over the attack on media persons, Chief Minister D V Sadananda Gowda has asked law minister S Suresh Kumar to look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104931", "title": "Govt to seek status report on goshalas", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday said that instructions would be sent to sub-divisional officers (SDOs) concerned to ensure that the land of 'goshalas (cowsheds)', owned by various trustees whose ex officio chairmen they are, would be neither encroached upon nor force occupied by people.The CM, who intervened to give the government's reply to the starred question of BJP member Manju Hazari with regard to the encroachment of the 'goshala' land at Rosera in Samastipur district, said that the government would also seek status report on the 'goshalas' in the state from the respective SDOs in the current budget session itself. Besides, he would make policy announcements to develop 'goshalas' for dairy activities in the session.Earlier, replying to the question of Hazari, minister for animal husbandry resources Giriraj Singh said that the department had allotted funds for the development of 16 'goshalas' in 2010-11 and for 30 others in the current financial year, but the money had been earmarked to support and aid the `goshalas' for the production of biogas and vermin compost.Procurement drive: The CM said that paddy procurement drive has been going on steadily, and 12 lakh MT of paddy had been procured at their designated centres by the Primary Agriculture Credit Societies (PACSs), Bihar State Food Corporation (BSFC) and the Food Corporation of India (FCI) till two days ago against the target procurement of 30 lakh MT of paddy. Stating that paddy procurement drive would continue till April, he said that the same infrastructure would be used to procure wheat this year.According to the CM, Rs 800 crore has been paid to the PACSs and the BSFC to procure paddy directly from farmers, and another chunk of Rs 500 crore would come as loan from the National Cooperative Development Corporation to be used in the procurement of wheat.Earlier, while giving the government's reply to the question of Akhtarul Imam, minister for food and consumer protection Shyam Rajak said that only 5.6 lakh MT of wheat against the target of 7 lakh MT of wheat could be procured in 2010-11, because the state did not have befitting infrastructure to procure it in proportion to the target fixed.However, it was for the first time in the state that adequate infrastructure had been created in the state to purchase paddy and wheat directly from farmers at respective minimum support price (MSP) fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106112", "title": "Shehla murder accused flip-flops in CBI grilling", "text": "KANPUR: A two-member Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team on Thursday grilled Irfan alias Shyam, the alleged assassin of RTI activist Shehla Masood of Bhopal, at the district jail here for around three hours. The team comprising TK Roychaudhury and DV Tripathi sought permission from metropolitan magistrate to interrogate the accused. According to sources, Irfan had repeated the same statement which he had given to the sleuths of the Special Task Force. The CBI team had reached from New Delhi in the morning and moved an application in the court of metropolitan magistrate, seeking permission to meet Irfan for his cross-examination.The sleuths reached the jail around 1.40 pm. Sources revealed that the CBI officials first asked about his family and previous criminal history. Later, they switched over to Shehla Masood murder case. The two officers cross-examined him for nearly three hours and Irfan had repeated the same story about the murder of Shehla Masood. First he denied of killing the RTI activist but later confessed of murdering her.The team would stay in Kanpur as another senior official is likely to join it on Friday. Irfan was arrested by the STF team from Beconganj area of the city on Tuesday. A countrymade pistol and several cartridges were recovered from him. During interrogation, Irfan confessed his involvement in the Shehla murder case with two other accomplices. He is a listed history-sheeter and drugpeddler.More than a dozen criminal cases are registered against him in the city. The Beconganj police had produced him before the court on Wednesday and charged him under Arms Act and Section 307 of IPC. The court had granted 14 days judicial custody remand and he was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103785", "title": "Aarushi trial: SC order today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court will pass its order on Rajesh and Nupur Talwar's plea for shifting of trial against them from Ghaziabad to Delhi on Friday. The dentist couple is facing trial for the murder of their daughter Aarushi.The judgment would be delivered by a bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar, which had on February 27 reserved its order on the couple's plea. Pleading to shift the trial to Delhi, the couple had submitted that they faced a security threat in Ghaziabad. CBI had, however, opposed the plea, saying the couple was trying to delay the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104293", "title": "CM writes to Katju, assures freedom of press in state", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after press council chairman Justice Markandey Katju's strongly-worded letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, the CM has replied, saying, he holds the press council in high esteem and that his government is committed to guarantee the freedom of press without any hesitation.\"Let me assure that I hold the press council in high esteem and my government is committed to guarantee the freedom of press...I am getting the issues, raised in your letter, examined and will revert to you very soon with detailed factual reply,\" Chavan said in his brief letter to Justice Katju.When a delegation of action committee for protection of journalists had called on Justice Katju in February, he was agitated over the fact that while he had written two personal letters to Chavan on attack on scribes and also the attack on the Times of India building, there was absolutely no response from the CM.On February 22, Justice Katju had issued a show cause notice to the CM, saying, as to why he should not recommend to the President to dismiss the state government for its failure to uphold the freedom of press. \"It is the state government's duty to maintain law and order but your government is neither able to maintain law and order nor prevent attacks on scribes,\" Justice Katju had observed.The CM claimed he did reply to the earlier letters but it appears the same were not received by the Press Council of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pilibhit", "code": "12105903", "title": "Pilibhit poll battle: Varun faces tough test on his home turf", "text": "PILIBHIT: Political parties are working overtime to bring back the sweetness into Pilibhit's poll battle. On Saturday, when the four assembly seats -- Puranpur, Bisalpur, Pilibhit and Barkhera -- go to polls, reviving the closed cooperative sugar mills in the area will be among the key concerns on most election agendas.For the Bharatiya Janata Party, though, it promises to be a matter. As far as star campaigners go, there's been only one - BJP MP Varun Gandhi - who has visited the length and breadth of the district, hogging the limelight, and that, not always for the right reasons. There have been others, like Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as well, but there's less at stake for this Gandhi scion than his younger cousin, whose pocket borough is Pilibhit.There's a crucial contest unfolding for the BJP, one the local cadre would have you believe, they will sweep. And it is unlikely it will be easy. In 2007, BSP won two seats, SP another, leaving a smarting BJP having to explain its poor performance on its MP's home turf. Local trader and BJP worker Suresh Kaushal said: \"In the last election, the party gave ticket to a candidate against Varunji's wishes in the Pilibhit seat. This year, though, a candidate of his choice - Satya Pal Gangwar-has been fielded. With the kind of work he has done, we are confident he will have a strong edge over everyone else.''In Pilibhit, which has 40,000 Gangwar votes, BJP's Gangwar has to contend with Sanjay Singh Gangwar of the BSP. A division of the Gangwar votes is likely to give an edge to Samajwadi Party candidate and sitting Pilibhit MLA Riaz Ahmed.Party workers are hoping, however, that junior Gandhi's magic -- he has been at pains to tour the district where no other senior leaders from the party from UP or Delhi have shown up for electioneering -- works on the Pilibhit voters. As a star campaigner, Varun has attempted to do what other party leaders could not. He has confined his mass contact programme to Pilibhit, addressing over a dozen public meetings every day. \"Varun is sufficient to ensure the victory of party candidates; we do not need anyone else here,\" said Pilibhit city chairman of BJP, Prabhat Jaiswal.There's reason why local party workers are upbeat about BJP prospects this year. Varun Gandhi's work in his constituency, they claim, has been unparalleled. They challenge you, in fact, that even rival party candidates will not be able to find faults with all that the youth leader has done. From organising sit-ins for restarting the government-run cooperative sugar mills, to distributing Rs 5,001 cheques as wedding gifts to families of the poor, Varun is the local messiah on whose shoulders the party's fortunes are riding.There's more that's queering the pitch, however, in the rest of Pilibhit. With two seats to defend in the farming community of Kurmis, the Bahujan Samaj Party has played the trusty caste card to win back what it gained in 2007. The party has fielded a Kurmi leader, Neeraj Gangwar from Bisalpur, in an attempt to win over the Kurmi and Lodh votes concentrated in the area.The party's Bisalpur gamble, though, could swing either way, after the disgruntled sitting BSP MLA Anis Ahmed Khan alias Phool Babu switched loyalties to the Congress when he was denied a ticket. Now, Gangwar, the 32-year-old Kurmi leader will have to fight a pitched poll battle against a significantly more experienced Khan. Bisalpur constituency is home to over 50,000 Gangwar votes.Political alliances apart, for the average Pilibhit voter, poor governance still remains the key concern. Lamenting the poor road network in Amariya block, residents say neither the SP MLA Riyaz Ahmed, nor Varun Gandhi, or the ruling BSP government did anything to make their lives easier. \"There is so much dust on this road we can never eat a meal that doesn't have dust in it. Can any of these leaders understand that?'' a disgruntled Mohammed Irfan said. In the Pilibhit assembly seat, while Ahmed is said to have worked on bettering the school network, other areas of development, locals alleged, have remained neglected. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12104960", "title": "BRABU outsources exam result work", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: BR Ambedkar Bihar University ( BRABU) has outsourced the result preparation work of Degree Part 1 examination to a private agency to save both money and time. This was claimed here on Wednesday by the university vice chancellor, Vimal Kumar, and registrar A P Mishra.The university teachers will be engaged simply in invigilation and evaluation of answer-books. The rest of the work including preparation of admit cards, registration of students, tabulation of marks, preparation of marks sheets and provisional certificates of Degree Part 1 will be done by an agency, Kendriya Bhandar, Patna. The cumbersome manual paper work has been done away with in Degree Part 1, to begin with, the VC and the registrar disclosed and added that it was only in this university where manual work was being done by examination section. Henceforth, every such work would be fully computerized, they informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106167", "title": "Taxpayers' money lost on fine waivers?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A cursory glance through the payments made to various contractors who bag crores worth of infrastructure projects from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will reveal an unruly nexus. Crores worth of taxpayers money is been given a let go by extending huge discounts in penalty amount imposed on the contractors-the ones who delay work and do a shoddy job.Contrary to tender conditions, the political wing of the AMC including the standing committee has been waiving of large chunks of penalty sum, which should be rightly deposited in public coffers. For instance the standing committee charged just Rs 40 lakh from a contractor engaged for BRTS roadwork, instead of Rs 10.19 crore. The roadwork was for the Narol -Naroda route, According to a letter by the opposition leader of the AMC Bhadruddin Sheikh, another contractor who should have been charged Rs 4 crore for the BRTS's Dudheshwar stretch was charged just Rs 20 lakh, while a third contractor whose initial penalty amount was calculated to be Rs 34 lakh was charged just Rs 1 lakh.Like wise similar favors were extended to contractors engaged for the Gota railway flyover bridge, where the contractor was imposed a penalty of Rs 2.36 crore and was asked to pay just Rs 23.69 lakh.\"Nobody in the AMC seems to be questioning the standing committee's conduct in encouraging a system where tender conditions can be broken with impunity even after the work has been awarded to contractors. We have now all reasons to believe that the 12- member BJP standing committee is charging a commission from contractors for lessening the penalty amounts. What these contractors do not know is that if today somebody approaches the court with a PIL against this practice the same contractors will be asked to pay the whole penalty amount even after they have been charged less by the standing committee,\" claims Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104678", "title": "Battle begins for Robocon 2012 title", "text": "PUNE: Sixty-six engineering schools, from IITs to rural engineering schools across the nation, are vying for the title at the National Robocon 2012, an inter-university contest that began at the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji sports complex in Mhalunge, Balewadi, on Thursday.This year's rule of the game, which changes every year, is based on the theme of Hong Kong's cultural festival, 'Peng On Dai Ghat', which requires the teams to build one automatic and two manual robots to cross bridges and islands, climb the Bun Tower, pluck the buns and achieve 'Peng On Dai Gat' before their opponents.Sunil Karad, chief convenor of Robocon 2012, said, \"The event started in 2002 with three teams. This year, there are over 60 schools and over 1,000 engineers participating in the competition. Robocon has created an enthusiasm among students in robotics technology and is likely to grow because every engineering school has set up a robotics lab on their campus.\"The enthusiasm was evident among engineering students from Adarsh Institute of Technology in Vita, Sangli. Krushant Lohar, a student from Adarsh Institute, said, \"We are a rural engineering institute, hence guidance and money are limited. But, we built machines worth Rs 1.2 lakh because of our interest in robotics technology. The college couldn't afford the money, so we needed to find sponsors\".Yogesh Bhalerao, chief coordinator of Robocon 2012, said the competition provides engineering students a platform to test their latest, state-of-art innovation in the international circuit. \"A robot in the competition is not humanoid, but a multi-disciplinary machine which requires diverse skills of civil, mechanic and electronic engineering.\"Organised by Doordarshan-Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT), Pune, the winner of National Robocon 2012, which will go on till March 3, will get to represent India in the International Robocon, which is to be held at Hong Kong on August 19.Milind Pande, convenor of National Robocon 2012, said, \"There has been a growing interest in India in robotics technology, but we are light years behind countries such as China and Japan. Even Pakistan and Nepal's engineering colleges have fared better than us at the international level\".Karad attributed Indian schools' poor show on the international stage to paucity of funds and weak technical knowhow.Anshul Dhurandhar and Sudhir Yadav, students of IIT, Roorkee, said, \"The three robots cost Rs 1.5 lakh and we raised the money through our alumni and sponsors. Robocon gives us a stage to showcase our talent and enhance our interest\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12106283", "title": "Police seize 558 kg raw opium", "text": "VARANASI: The Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW), Ghazipur, has once again landed in troubled waters in a gap of one year following the recovery of 25 containers containing 558 kg of raw opium in Varanasi on Wednesday night. The Adampur police in Varanasi nabbed three persons, including a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) constable, in this connection. The other two arrested persons are residents of Ghazipur. Last year on March 4 too, two containers, each containing 25 kg of dry opium powder, of GOAW was stolen from the parcel van of Sadbhavna Express when it was being taken to Delhi.Producing the arrested persons and the seized opium before journalists on Thursday, DIG Ram Kumar said that acting on a tip off, the Adampur cops raided the house of one Musey Sao in Nakkhighat area on Wednesday night. But before the police could enter the house, one Tushar alias Baby Jaiswal of Teliana jumped from the terrace and fled. However, the police succeeded in nabbing CISF constable Gopal Ghare, Sheetal Jaiswal alias Kallu of Teliana Hanuman Phatak and Om Prakash Yadav of Nagtara area in Ghazipur district. The police recovered 25 containers full of raw opium weighing 558 kg.The cost of recovered opium is estimated to be over Rs 6 crore in the international market. The DIG said the drug smugglers could make up to 25 kg heroin with the recovered opium. During initial investigation, the arrested persons disclosed that one CISF's assistant commandant and some constables were patronising the malpractice of siphoning opium from GOAW in Ghazipur. After it, the opium was stored at some houses in Ghazipur for forwarding it to the buyers, who are suspected to be engaged in making heroin from the opium.On their tip off, the cops also detained Munna Keshari and Kamlesh Keshari of Golaghat in Ghazipur for interrogation. The DIG said that after this achievement, efforts are on to locate places where the opium stolen from GOAF was taken to formulate heroin.He said that the possibility of such formulation in Ghazipur, Varanasi or any other district of this region can not be denied.The DIG and IG range have announced cash rewards of Rs 15,000 and Rs 10,000 respectively for the police team for this achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105436", "title": "Cops rescue abducted girl, arrest notorious criminal", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Thursday arrested a notorious criminal from Pahadishareef and rescued kidnapped class VI student K Anusha of GMR Chinmaya Vidyalaya.Police said that they had arrested Javed alias Yaba who has 21 criminal cases against him, including a pending murder case. During their interrogation, police learnt that Javed's associates - Akbar Hussaini and Asra - too, were involved in the incident.\"During our investigation, we came to know that Akbarhad learnt about Anusha's father Kishtaiah during the sale of a lorry.\"Realising that Kishtaiah, a realtor, was well-to-do, Akbar hatched a plan to make some easy money by kidnapping Anusha,'' said assistant commissioner of police (Shamshabad), Ch Srinivas Rao. Akbar brought Javed into the picture and they kidnapped the girl from Hafeezbaba Nagar while she was on her way to school.The abductors then called up Kishtaiah to demand a ransom of Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109545", "title": "#Education@Social Media", "text": "For Gen-i, the concept of world is very different from their yesteryear counterparts. Their world is contained in Facebook, shared on twitter, viewed on Youtube , heard through podcasts and written in blogs. Social media, in a short span of time, has eclipsed all other forms of media to become the primary tool through which youngsters engage, communicate and disseminate data. Extension of this medium to educate, thus, becomes a default option for educators to keep pace with todays twitteratis, facebookers and bloggers.#Status updateJayaram K Iyer, professor for marketing and social media, Loyola Institute of Business Administration (LIBA), explains, Social media presents a huge opportunity for educational organisations to connect with their students. While it is commonly used to update students of the various programmes and happenings; many institutes frequently organise webcasts classes which can otherwise be a logistical nightmare in the real world.Besides the advantages social media offers to educational institutes, it also offers a host of advantages to the students. Being a primarily student-driven medium, the engagement percentage that it offers is immense. To add to that, the low costs and peer-to-peer interaction make it an ideal supplement to classroom education. Students can greatly benefit by student-to-student dialogues, student-to-teacher dialogues and any such engaging communication. This can greatly increase debates, building mass consensus on various issues. With over 200 comments in less than 24 hours, a college in the UK effectively used Facebook to get feedback to improve its library. Another college in US, used Twitter as a communication tool between students and guides to help them with their projects, says Manjunatha KG, MD and co-founder, Kenscio Digital Marketing.#FailLike any other communication channel, social media comes with its fair share of drawbacks. Not everyone in India can afford a PC/ laptop/ smartphone in order to take advantage of this medium. The connectivity in India does not match the world standard and one is often left at the mercy of the available network. Also, since the conversations are open and unmonitored, a lot of comments can be negative or offensive. To add to that, this medium is subject to continuous change which makes its implementation a little difficult.#ReTweetDrawbacks apart, the bottomline is that social media holds a lot of promise for the future. It may eventually replace mainstream education. The future could see a greater integration of social media with location-based services, more personalised content to mobile devices and greater usage of tablet PCs these are just three of the tech trends which could positively impact education amongst an ocean of possibility, concludes Iyer.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12106359", "title": "BJP MLAs to tow govt line on CNT", "text": "RANCHI: What if tribal leaders in the BJP have different point of views on strict implementation or amendment to the Chhotanagpur Tenancy Act (CNT), all the MLAs were given lesson to tow the lines of the government in assembly.The direction was issued during the party's legislative party meet held ahead of the forthcoming budget session presided over by chief minister Arjun Munda. While the government has been speaking about the need of certain amendments to the century-old act and periodical review of its efficacy, tribal leaders in the party have time and again expressed antagonistic views. Understanding the importance of the issue that has led to the stalemate as far as registration of land in the state is concerned, the largest party of the ruling alliance decided to demonstrate unity in the assembly during budget session.Sources in the party said that some of the legislators wanted the government to abstain from suggesting changes in the act and allow opposition to express their views. The legislators are planning to utilize sentiments expressed by Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P). JVM(P) chief Babulal Marandi has also supported the idea of amending the act so that tribals are free to buy and sell land anywhere in the state. However, other opposition parties have plans to grill the ruling alliance on its proposal to introduce changes to the act.Apart from the legislative party meet, national in-charge for the Scheduled Caste morcha Bhagwat Sharan Mathur presided over state committee meet of the wing and called upon the office-bearers to strengthen the organization. He also presided over the state executive meet of the cooperative wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12105930", "title": "Skin immune cells help fight infection better: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time, scientists have found that immune cells prevalent in the skin are more protective in fighting infection than those in the bloodstream.The findings, published in the journal Nature, could lead to develop a new class of vaccines with improved preventative and therapeutic efficacy that can have a major impact on human health, the researchers said.In the study, a team at the Harvard Medical School found that when vaccinia virus delivered to the skin, viral-specific T cells, called TREMs (T Resident Effector Memory cells), were not just recruited to the infected site, but also to all areas of the skin. These TREMs remained in skin and gave rapid and effective protection against a second infection from the same virus.The findings challenge immunological dogma by suggesting that the most important elements of T cell memory and immunity to infectious diseases may reside in skin and other epithelial tissues in the blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110013", "title": "Sanjay Dutt and I have moved on: Sanjay Gupta", "text": "Filmmaker Sanjay Gupta, who fell out with his actor-friend Sanjay Dutt , says, they have moved on after doing their share of movies together.Their good friendship turned sour, during the making of 'Shootout at Lokhandwala' over some payment issues. Also, Gupta had said in an interview earlier that he would never work with Dutt again.The producer's 'Shootout at Lokhandwala' had the actor essaying one of the main leads of Additional Commissioner of Police A A Khan, who shoots dreaded gangster Maya Dolas dead.On Dutt missing from the sequel 'Shootout at Wadala', Gupta, said, \"We have done our share of films. Its time to move on and we have moved on.\" \"No actor can lessen or rise the impact of a film by his presence,\" he added.The duo have worked together in quite a few films like 'Khauff', 'Kaante', 'Musafir', 'Plan', 'Zinda', 'Shootout at Lokhandwala' and 'Dus Kahaniyan' among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111770", "title": "Rozlyn Khan copied by poonam pandey", "text": "There is a new trend exploding over in bollywood i.e. copycat recently sherlyn chopra copied poster of Mahesh Bhatt movie jism 2 poster however she denied copying it .Now it Poonam Pandey's turn to do so. Poonam pandey who goes topless by copying Rozlyn Khan sleaze act to go topless to propose Mr. Anna Hazare. Aspiring model Rozlyn khan pulled out ridiculous stunt which irked alot.She ended up clicking a topless photo shoot for expressing her fake love towards Anna Hazare on this valentines day. She feels that anti corruption crusader is the real man and she want to date him . Now it poonam pandey who has already got immense buzz after passing the bare it all during world cup is copying Rozlyn khan topless act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12105956", "title": "State pumped in Rs 40 cr on 'Khusboo' ad campaign", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has spent Rs 40 crore for promotion of tourism in Gujarat through the campaign titled 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' featuring Bollywood legend Amitabh Bachchan.The expenses are despite the fact that the superstar and the brand ambassador of the state Bachchan has not taken any fee.In a written reply to Congress MLA Babubhai Shah, the tourism minister Jay Narayan Vyas informed the state assembly on Thursday that the star has not taken a single pie for the campaign. But the Mumbai based Ogilvy &amp; Mather (India) has been paid for producing the advertisement and even shooting the advertisement featuring Amitabh.Vyas in his answer said the government of Gujarat spent Rs 97 lakh to provide various facilities to film star Amitabh Bachchan during his Gujarat visits. Amitabh has so far visited Gujarat on three occasions and has carried out shoots in Bhuj, Somnath, Gir, Ahmedabad, Porbandar, Dwarka, Ambaji, Saputara, Pavagadh, Modhera, Siddhpur among others.Vyas added that services of firms like Rising Son Film India Private Limited, O&M;, Mansi Movies, Saubhagya Ad Service, Betacam and promotion in print media, electronic media and outdoor advertisement cost the government of Gujarat Rs 38.53 crore for the campaign which includes airing these advertisements in electronic media and even radio.The shoots were first aired in October 2010. Now, the state government plans to take the advertisement campaign to all corners of the world. The advertisement campaign which was launched in October 2010 was so far restricted to telecast within the country.Officials said that after Gujarat tourism was adjudged the best tourism department in the country, it was decided to take this campaign overseas also. The department has already been promoting the destination and its fairs and festivals in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12104084", "title": "Huge cache of illicit liquor seized", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A huge amount of illicit liquor flowed freely in Ghaziabad in the run-up to the Assembly elections. Around 12,000 bottles of English and country-made liquor and 25,000 litres of raw and adulterated liquor have been recovered from the district.Police said the carriers managed to smuggle huge caches of illicit liquor into the district given the porous nature of the Ghaziabad border.\"All liquor seized has been sampled. Cases have been filed in a city court,\" said a police official from Ghaziabad. \"Depending on the decision of the court, the liquor would be destroyed by breaking the bottles in the presence of a magistrate. At present, it is not possible to calculate the exact market value of the liquor,\" he added.Around 7,000 litres of illicit liquor have aldo been seized from the neighbouring district of Gautam Budh Nagar and 8,640 litres of illicit liquor have been recovered from Bulandshahr. Seventeen FIRs have been filed against political parties for violation of code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105933", "title": "KCCI to set up 30-cr biz news channel", "text": "Kochi: The Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Kwill spend Rs 30 crore to set up a business television channel, said KCCI Chairman K N Marzook. The channel is expected to be launched in September following the inauguration of Kerala Trade Centre, the chamber's new building, on August 17 by President Pratibha Patil . \"We will tap funding from non-resident Indians (NRIs) in the US, UK, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Our overseas division, headed by N M Sharafuddin, MD of Omega Travel and Tourist Agency, will be in charge of fundraising for the channel,\" Marzook said.The new channel will be called 'KCCI', which will use the logo of the organization and operate out of the upcoming Kerala Trade Centre on Marine Drive. \"The channel will function as an independent organization; we are in talks with three Mumbai-based companies to manage the channel for KCCI,\" Marzook said. Finding ad revenue for the new channel wouldn't be a problem, Marzook said.\"It is the members of KCCI who support the existing television channels with advertisements. Further, we just need our channel to be run on a no-loss-no-profit basis,\" he said. \"We have prospects of getting advertisements from multinational companies as one or two teleshopping brands have also evinced interest,\" he said.Kochi-based KCCI has a direct membership of 3,500 businessmen and industrialists across the state. This apart, it has 36 associated bodies, and the total indirect membership is expected to touch around one lakh. \"Kerala has close to two dozen television channels. By the end of 2012, a few more channels will be added to this cacophony,\" observed Dominic Savio, vice-president and head of advertising firm Mudra Communications Kerala. \"General entertainment channels and news channels dominate the category, and together account for 50% of the total channels. Surprisingly, we have more channels devoted to religion than movie or music channels. This is something advertisers should take note of. The proliferation of channels and stiff competition has made existing channels invest in better programs because what sells today are programs and not channels. This will probably encourage more channels to come in,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106536", "title": "CSA students hired in campus placement", "text": "KANPUR: Campus placement is going at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology these days. Several government and private companies are approaching the university for recruiting the the students.A total of 35 students of the university got placed at an annual salary package ranging between Rs 2.40 lakh and Rs 3.60 lakh. The forum of financial Institutions had hired 18 agrigraduate students from the university. These students would be posted as assistant managers at a salary package of 3.60 lakh. The forum has also selected 17 girl students of home science branch at a salary package of Rs 2.40 lakh.The forum of financial institutions was formed in 1997. It has acquired over 100 acres of land in Lucknow and Jaipur. Retail mart and stores would be opened on this land. The institutions would be buying the farmers' produce.Meanwhile, 160 students of the university have been hired in the academic session 2011-12. CSA vice-chancellor G C Tewari said that several government and semi-government companies and organisations took part in the campus placement drive in this academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104537", "title": "Rs 1 crore from two passengers at airport", "text": "JAIPUR: Income tax sleuths have made the biggest seizure of money from air passengers in Rajasthan when they nabbed two persons with an unaccounted sum of Rs 1 crore from Terminal 2 of the airport here. Both the persons who were employees of a leading astrologer from Mumbai could not explain the source of income. Thus the IT sleuths seized the whole amount as disproportionate income.According to the IT investigating wing's air intelligence unit,(AIU), Jaipur, it received an information on Wednesday evening from AIU, Mumbai, that two persons traveling from Mumbai to Jaipur by Jet Airways flight were carrying Rs 1 crore in three different hang bags.\"Soon after getting this information, the AIU sleuths here swung into action and intercepted the two persons after they got down from the plane at Jaipur airport,\" the director general of income tax (Investigations) said.The two persons were then brought to the IT office situated near the Statue Circle here and a thorough investigation was initiated during the intervening nights of Wednesday and Thursday.\"We asked them about the source of the money and they informed us that they were employees of a leading astrologer in Mumbai and came to Jaipur to purchase an idol. However they could not explain which idol and from where,\" a senior officer with the IT department said.Later, the astrologer who came to know about the seizure also came to the IT office to explain the things but could not answer on the exact source of this income. \"It was found that the persons carrying the money had come to fulfill some business interests of their employer,\" Sanjiv Singh, additional director of income tax (Investigations), said without naming the astrologer.However sources told TOI that the astrologer is Anand Prabhakar Nair who came at the IT office and tried to explain the things.The investigations so far has revealed that huge amount of money was received in the bank account of the astrologer. \"This amount was withdrawn from the said bank account of the astrologer in two installments of Rs 50 lakh each and which was carried by his employees to Jaipur,\" an officer.IT sleuths also added that the astrologer arrived in the Pink City by an earlier flight from Mumbai. \"Finally, considering it to be disproportionate and unaccounted income, the whole amount was seized,\" an official said.On the basis of the investigations at Mumbai and Jaipur, it was the largest seizure of cash from air passengers in Rajasthan so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104818", "title": "Pune-Mumbai trains get more coaches", "text": "PUNE: Railway passengers travelling on the Pune-Mumbai route have a reason to cheer since the railway administration has decided to augment coaches of second class reserved category to three inter-city trains - Sinhagad, Intercity and Indrayani express. Intercity express (12127/12128) will have two coaches, Sinhagad express (11009/11010) and Indrayani express (12525/12526) will have one additional coach each from March 2 and 3.The Intercity express will now run with total 14 coaches, while Sinhagad and Indrayani will have 19 and 17 coaches respectively. Meanwhile, the administration has also decided to put one additional second class reserved coach to the Intercity express (12169/12170) that runs between Pune and Solapur.There was a long pending demand of passengers and commuter groups for augmentation of coaches to the Pune-Mumbai trains.\"When the railways said they cannot run new trains between Pune and Mumbai, there was demand to increase the capacity of existing trains,\" said S N Nikam, a state government employee, who travels on this route. Satish Manohar, who works in a marketing firm, welcomed the move. \"People prefer rail travel since it is cheaper and faster. The administration should give a serious thought to commencing adedicated rail track between Pune and Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12103975", "title": "Kripashankar challenges HC verdict in apex court", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial former Mumbai Congress president Kripashankar Singh on Thursday filed a special leave petition before the Supreme Court against the Bombay high court verdict against him.Though Singh declined to comment, a senior lawyer confirmed that the Congress leader had challenged the high court order. \"Singh filed a special leave petition. He urged the apex court to stay the February 22 high court order. We expect that the appeal will come up for hearing in a day or two,\" he said.If the apex court stays the high court order, then it will be a major relief for him, however, if it declined to entertain his appeal, then there may be fresh trouble for Singh. In that event, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) will complete the probe and initiate criminal proceedings against him under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Indian Penal Code. However, before passing any order on the special leave petition, the apex court is likely to hear social worker Sanjay Tiwari, who had filed a PIL, since he has filed a caveat before the apex court.Disposing of a PIL filed by Tiwari, the Bombay High Court had on February 22 stated that the certified copy of the memorandum of the PIL shall be treated as an FIR of the petitioner lodged before the police commissioner. Further, the court asked the investigating officer to seize and attach the movable and immovable properties of Singh and his family members. The high court had then rejected Singh's plea to stay the order to facilitate him to file an appeal before the SC.Reacting on the HC verdict, home minister R R Patil said the ACB report submitted on March 30, 2011, has been accepted by the high court. \"Our agencies will abide by the high court order,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106164", "title": "Maths adds up to board success", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Maths is ultimate fun if your basic concepts are clear. And that's what keeps Sipra Engineer hooked to the subject, which is dreaded by most of the students. Student of class X at St Xavier's Gandhinagar, Sipra enjoys every single moment she spends solving complicated maths sums. She says, \"Every question is a challenge that I wish to decode in minimum possible time. The best aspect of maths is that it is devoid of rote learning.\"For Sipra, Maths is her trump card and she is confident of scoring cent per cent marks. Spending an hour daily with the subject since the commencement of session, she feels that one cannot prepare for it in couple of days. It is daily practice and clear understanding of concepts that makes one perfect.\" As she prepares for her upcoming board exams, she says, \"I am paying special attention to theory part with full concentration and also working on solving various questions through shortest possible method.\" She adds, \"Students often find maths difficult, but for me it is a mind exercise that relaxes my mind.\"Recalling that she was scared of the subject a couple of years back, she says, \"I worked hard on basic concepts and ensured that all formulae's are on my finger tips and now I can say that Maths is my forte.\"She is not taking any tuition classes and is studying under the able guidance of her mother. As a last minute strategy, she says, \"My focus is on sections from where questions have been asked and which bring sure short marks, if attempted correctly. I am scanning through past year papers to know questions that have been repeated often.\"This aspiring doctor is proud that she was able to convert her weakness into her strength and signs off by saying, \"Though Biology will be my key subject in future, but maths is that will come to my rescue in day to day life. Its application is visible in every facet of life.\"BOXExpert tips to prepare and fare better in Maths- by Leena Micheal (Teacher, St Xaviers, Gandinagar)1) Understand theorems and constructions properly as they carry 10 and 5 marks respectively.2) Understand installment and mean median sums properly as they carry 8 marks each. For installment sums can be easily done by shortcut method without finding the principal.3) For MCQ section of 50 marks, in the geometry part there are application sums, please ensure that you follow the shortcut method.Time consumed is very less and gives ample time for other lengthy questions.Guess is a big 'No No' for the MCQ section.4) In the height and distance chapter try to do sums of prove that type as it carries three marks. If it is not asked in 4-5 marks, it will definitely be there for 3 marks.5) The entire textbook formulae's should be at the tip of your tongue.6) Ensure that expression of units of surface area volume etc are given correctly.7) Presentation of the answer should be very neatly and systematically8) Crack the textbook, you can crack the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103869", "title": "Cops arrest in-laws in Purnima Borkar case", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police produced five accused in murder of lawyer Purnima Borkar, including her in-laws, before the magistrate's court on Thursday and got their custody till March 5 next week. With husband Rajesh, also a lawyer, and his two younger brothers already in custody, police picked up Purnima's in-laws Khemchand and Bhagirathi from their home at Garoba Maidan.Rajesh and his brothers, arrested earlier, were remanded up to March 1. Their remands were also extended as the cops claimed they needed to question the accused together. On February 25, Purnima was declared dead after suffering severe burn injuries at her in-laws place under unexplained circumstances. Police had booked Purnima's husband Rajesh, his two younger brothers Mukesh and Dinesh, and their parents for alleged role in murder of Purnima. Married three years ago, Purnima had a topsy-turvy married life with Rajesh who was undergoing psychological treatment too. The couple did not have a child.Purnima was an active member of Vidarbha Lady Lawyers' Association. Prakash Jaiswal and several other members of the legal fraternity along with the activists of the Association appeared before the court to assist the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103273", "title": "Rs 60.7cr to be spent on Gurgaon roads", "text": "GURGAON: The public works department has announced its plan to spend Rs 60.70 crore on construction of roads and buildings in four blocks of Gurgaon. An official spokesman said that out of the total amount, Rs 54 crore would be spent during the next financial year whereas work on projects amounting to Rs 6.70 crore was already in progress.He said the department had prepared a work plan to carry out construction works in the next fiscal year under which these development works would be undertaken in Gurgaon, Sohna, Farukhnagar and Pataudi blocks in the district. New roads would be constructed and old roads would be repaired.A multipurpose hall would be constructed in the government college of Sector 14 in Gurgaon for which Rs 7.26 crore has been sanctioned by the state government. He said that bridges would also be constructed in Kulvaka village on way from Nimoth to Ghanghola at Gurgaon canal at an investment of Rs 1.62 crore.The scheme of works includes construction of the buildings such as tehsil office, primary health centre, sub health centre and rooms of colleges. The official said that a tehsil office would be constructed in Farukhnagar block at a cost of Rs 3.18 crore and a sub-magistrate's office would be built at Pataudi at Rs 8.86 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12103388", "title": "Good start to boards for Gurgaon students", "text": "GURGAON: CBSE's Class XII exam started on Thursday on a good note with English as the first subject. Students were a happy lot as they found the paper easy and not lengthy as was expected.Students said they enjoyed their paper and got enough time to revise their answers. School principals said the first exam had boosted the morale of students and would benefit them in writing their coming paper. DPS principal (Sector 45) Aditi Misra said, \"It was a good start. There was no shock and surprise after students came out of the examination hall. The mood was upbeat and students are hoping that other papers will be equally good.\"\"The English paper was quite easy. The questions in the writing section were straightforward. We were well prepared for it. Most of us could finish the paper well before time and had adequate time for revision,\" said Karan Singh, DPS School, Sector 45.Another student, Akanksha Arora, said, \"My English board paper went well today. It was easy to attempt.\"While the literature and reading part was quite satisfactory, students found writing section a bit unexpected. Priya Sharma from Salwan Public School said they were expecting the theme of social issues like child labour or women empowerment in the writing section. But questions were based on reality show and health and cleanliness among others.Mahesh Prasad, principal, The Heritage School, said, \"The paper was balanced and questions were direct. Those who have had planned properly in which section to attempt first did not face any problem.\"Karan Ganju of Amity School said, \"The paper was not at difficult. The two marks questions were quite easy to answer, but for lengthy answers one needed to be through with the text properly.\" While the science stream students will be writing their \"most difficult paper\" of physics on March 5, the humanity stream students have 13 days to prepare for their history exam on March 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109059", "title": "Easwari on song, again!", "text": "After her successful comeback to the Tamil film music with Kalasala... from Osthe, veteran singer L R Easwari has recorded another fast number for the same composer, Thaman.The film in question is director Magizh Thirumeni's Thadaiyara Thaaka and the song Poondhamallithaa....This song promises to be one of the highlights of this upcoming Arun Vijay-Mamta starrer. What's more, the hero has even crooned for the first time in this song. \"It's a lovely high-tempo kuthu song,\" reveals Arun, \"With L R Easwari singing it and Vaali penning the lyrics, I'm sure it'll be a chartbuster.\"So, how did he end up singing a few lines in it as well? \"Well, Thaman wanted someone to sing the male portions and as I was in the studio at that time, he asked me to. I delivered the lines and he said, 'I'm using your voice!'\"The team is currently scouting for a Kollywood heroine to shake a leg to this fast number, we understand. \"Only the shoot of this song remains,\" he adds, \"All the talkie portions are over and it's turned out very well. We're hoping for a summer release.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104732", "title": "Gang of 4 held for robbery in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Four suspects arrested on February 28 while preparing for a dacoity have confessed to their involvement in robbing a 29-year-old man near Wakad on February 26.The suspects have been identified as Tanaji Jadhav (23), Sharad Chavan (24), Mahadev Chavan (26) and Santosh Jadhav (24), all from Ambegaon.\"The four men had offered a lift in their car to Rakesh Kundal of Sinhagad road at Wakad on February 26. They had then thrashed him inside the car and taken away his cell phone and cash totalling to Rs 6,000. Kundal, however, had not registered a complaint with the police,\" the police said.However, within two days of the incident, the Haveli police nabbed the four suspects under charges of preparing for a dacoity. They found Kundal's debit card with one of the suspects, who confessed that it belonged to a person the gang had robbed recently, the police added.The Haveli police contacted Kundal and registered an offence against the suspects and transferred it to the Hinjewadi police for further investigations.The Hinjewadi police said that Kundal works in a private company in Mumbai. \"We suspect that the same gang of suspects was involved in more robberies. We are investigating further,\" said senior police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Ganpatrao Madgulkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12104586", "title": "A K Jain hospitalised for chest pain", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after suspended ADG A K Jain was taken into CBI custody for 14 days, he was admitted to the SMS Hospital on Thursday morning after he complained of chest pain and uneasiness.Jain an accused in Dara Singh's fake encounter case had surrendered before the special CBI court on Monday. After his one-day judicial custody, the court on Wednesday sent him to CBI custody till March 13.CBI officers interrogating Jain said he complained of chest pain and uneasiness in the morning. Without wasting a minute, the CBI officers after intimation from their Delhi office decided to get Jain admitted to the hospital.The deputy superintendent of police (CBI), Santosh Kumar along with for other policemen, accompanied Jain to the hospital.CBI officials said Jain was perfectly alright in the evening of Wednesday. \"He was calm and composed and remained silent in the evening. Even after some hours of custody, he was in a relaxed mood,\" an officer said.At the hospital, Jain was attended by Dr S M Sharma, a cardiologist at the OPD who later sent him for initial check ups, a senior doctor of SMS Hospital said.Santosh Kumar, who is also the investigating officer of the Dara Singh encounter, case, said, \"Since he has told us that he is diabetic and a patient of hypertension, we took him to the hospital without wasting a minute. We will get for all his medical tests relating to blood pressure and heart and even a CT scan done. Only after getting assurance from the doctors about his improved health, we will take him back,\" Kumar added.Sources from the SMS hospital said the initial medical investigations of Jain have shown no signs of heart attack. \"He had no heart attack. His tests including blood pressure and other routine check ups were conducted at the emergency wards,\" a doctor said.Later, Jain was admitted to the Bangar division of the hospital in the cardiology's intensive care unit (ICU).Asked why Jain was kept in the ICU, Kumar said, \"We wanted a full medical examination of him, thus the ICU was opted.\"Later Dr Sharma, talking about his condition, said, \"When he was brought to the hospital, he was a bit shaky. To know more about his heart condition, we will also conduct his cardiac echo test and also CT scan of his head.\" Doctors added that Jain had high pulse rate when he was brought to the hospital.ImportantBoxWhen CBI brought to A K Jain to the hospital, he was registered in the hospital as a normal patient with his Gandhinagar residence address. But after some time, the police official who brought him to the hospital realized that Jain is an accused in the Dara case and in CBI custody, and he made another registration card mentioning his as a prisoner category and also mentioned that Jain was brought to hospital by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105619", "title": "Beating rallyists half his age, Gupta is third", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At an age when most people start making plans for retirement and securing future, Pardeep Gupta chose a different path that tested both his endurance and perseverance after turning 58. In fact it was sheer dejection and frustration, churning out of special treatment being given to the extreme rally motorists over others, which prompted Gupta to compete in the extreme category of 'Rajasthan desert storm' and to come out with flying colours.Competing among the competitors, who were in the age group of 20-30, in the category of above 1950cc modified vehicles, Gupta managed to secure a respectable third position. He covered 3,500km in a span of five days and lifted the trophy on February 25 at New Delhi.\"I have been participating in TSD (time-speed-distance) format rallies, which are more of adventure and navigational rallies, where driving skills are not very important. There, I experienced an unpleasant disparity as they always give preference to extreme motorists. Many times, we had to stop our vehicles to give way to them,\" Gupta, who is grandfather of two children, told TOI. \"Then I decided to participate in extreme category, which is basically a speed rally, as it had become the question of proving my ability and driving acumen,\" added Gupta, a resident of Sector 9.Gupta is a motor-sport enthusiast and he has participated in various other sports rallies, since 2007, but this was his first attempt in the extreme category. \"I competed with those, who were almost half of my age and had years of experience. Out of 48, only 23 were able to finish the rally. I covered a total distance of 3,500km and with a maximum speed up to 150-160kph,\" Gupta added. Gupta, who drove an SUV in the rally, was being navigated by his son's friend Samrat Yadav, 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103820", "title": "Elderly death: Cop suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day the family of retired accountant at Motilal Nehru College donated his eyes to fulfil his last wish, the police suspended the constable who had allegedly shoved the 66-year-old. The crime branch, which had been asked to investigate the case, has questioned a few people. The incident was reported from inside the Dhaula Kuan police outpost on Tuesday night. Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta said they will take strict action against the guilty.The postmortem of Anil Kumar Arora is being conducted by a medical board constituted by the Delhi health department. Family members said the magisterial inquiry has also picked up after the SDM himself came and recorded the statements of gym owner, Mohit Arora, the deceased's younger son and the main witness.Sources said the postmortem report is expected in the next three days. \"The report will be submitted to the SDM, who will then share the details with us. We are questioning the cops present inside the police station during the incident,'' said DCP (crime) Ashok Chand. Sources said no external injuries were found on the man. The cops have not recovered any CCTV footage of the incident.Kamna, who is daughter of the deceased and works with a news channel, had shifted to Mumbai barely three months ago after marriage. She was eager to come back to meet her father, his brother Kamal told TOI. \"There was unnecessary slack. In such a trying time, we had expected more cooperation from police,\" said a distraught Kamna.The family alleged that on Wednesday morning, the local police had tried to derail the probe. \"They claimed before Dwarka court that my father was in their custody and died a natural death. The court, however, dismissed their petition,'' said Kamal.Police had handed over the investigation to crime branch on Wednesday. \"Mohit had stopped the car and approached a policeman for some water. The constable, Vikram, was on phone and did not pay attention. Mohit protested when his request ignored the third time. Vikram got irritated and dragged Mohit inside the outpost by collar. \"My husband came out and asked the constable what had happened. The constable pushed him, and he fell unconscious,\" Raj Arora, Anil's wife, said.Anil Kumar Arora was returning to his residence at Geeta Colony after attending an engagement at Dwarka with family members when the incident took place.Mohit recalls the incident vividly. \"My father came running after me. The constable did not wait even for a minute. He took me to the police station and misbehaved with me. He also ill-treated my father when he came to inquire. Vikram did not listen to anyone. He was accusing us of disrespecting him. What was our fault?'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106128", "title": "Scuffle at HK Arts College", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A scuffle took place between a student and an employee of HK Arts College over entering the computer centre without authorized permission on Thursday morning. Both the parties have filed complaints against each other with Navrangpura police officials.According to investigators, Ashok Lakhtariya, a resident of Sarangpur, works as a computer lab supervisor at HK Arts College on Ashram Road. As per his complaint, he was present at the lab when accused Dhiraj Rathod, a resident of Vadaj, entered without permission. As he was not a student of computer science subject, Lakhtariya asked him to leave. Enraged, Rathod threatened to kill him and told him to behave or else he would push him off the balcony. When Lakhtariya tried to reason with him, he tried to assault.In his complaint, Rathod has confessed that he had been to the computer lab. \"However, he has mentioned in his complaint that he apologized for the same and left the premises. Afterwards, Lakhtariya came to him with his friends when he was standing outside the college and abused him with casteist remarks and tried to beat him up,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Investigators said that Rathod is associated with a student politics faction and has history of incidents on the college premises. \"However, we have recorded both the complaints and have questioned the students present on the spot for more details,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103566", "title": "Cotton rates come too close to the minimum support price", "text": "NAGPUR: The going is getting tougher for cotton growers in the region as rates of this cash crop have come close to the minimum support price (MSP). With the MSP being pegged at Rs 3,300 a quintal, rates in the open market are Rs 3,500 to 3650 at present. A couple of months remain for the trading season to end and there are fears of a further slide. If the prices come down to Rs 3,300, the government would intervene and buy at the rate.Cotton has been linked to the Vidarbha farmers' woes, with the crop fetching a rather low price after the boom a year before when the rates crossed Rs 7,000 a quintal mark. This year the season opened with Rs 4,500 in December, touching Rs 3,700 in between, but again rising to Rs 4,000-4200 mark. However, for more than a fortnight the rates have steadily slid to Rs 3,650 for the best grade and Rs 3500-3400 for the lower quality stock.Farm activists allege that the traders deliberately maintained the prices above Rs 4,000 level till the zilla parishad elections. Once it ended in February first week, the slide continued. Traders on the other hand call it a demand-supply scenario. \"The prices in India are linked to global trends and the international demand for garments is low, which is taking a toll on cotton rates too,\" said traders.NP Hirani, the president of the Cotton Marketing Federation, said the prices are low due to a bearish textile sector all over the world. \"The cotton yield in Maharashtra has been substantially low too,\" he said.The total production in the country till date stands at 345 bales which is almost 20 lakh bales less than last year. Maharashtra is the biggest contributor in the low output, where the production stands at 68 lakh bales as against 85 lakh last year. \"As the prices had touched a peak during the same month last year, a large number of big farmers and even traders have held on to their stocks till now hoping for a repeat. But as they are expected to eventually offload the cotton, prices may come down further,\" said Hirani.Experts say the farmers in Vidarbha - where most of the cotton is grown - are facing a typical problem of low yields and low prices. With the current output they can hardly recover the cost at the current prices.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti calls the steady decline after the elections to be a strange coincidence, alleging traders of deliberately slowing down the buying to keep the rates low. They are also hoping for restriction on exports which will further bring down the prices.Arun Sekhsaria, of M/s Brijmohan Sekhsaria and Co, refutes the activists' claims saying it is only the global trend. \"The international prices are 92 cents per pound as against over $2.20 last year which only indicates of a poor demand. The rates have been steady at 92 cents since over a month,\" he said.Amit Pawde, a farmer, however, questions the logic behind such a wide difference in two years.The region's politicians both from the ruling as well as opposition parties have raised a demand to increase the MSP to Rs 6,000 to 7,000 a quintal, but the state government passed the buck to the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109106", "title": "Ilaiyaraaja, Yuvan get on track", "text": "Here's the latest on Neethane En Ponvasantham.It's now wellknown that this romantic film will have music scored by none other than maestro Ilaiyaraaja. The big news now, however, is that Ilaiyaraaja and his son Yuvan Shankar Raja have sung a song in the film! This special song will also feature singer Karthik in it.The film is in the news because it marks the combination of the music composer and the director for the first time. The composer seems to have decided to give it his best by even roping his son (who, as we all know, is a leading music composer himself!) to croon for a number. Considering that NEP is a musical subject, we're sure that the maestro will rock the tunes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105731", "title": "UP police crosses limit of barbarism", "text": "LUCKNOW: The custodial death of Jabbar in Sitapur's Tambaour police station reveals the barbaric side of the Uttar Pradesh Police, which could virtually go to any extent in order to extract information. Jabbar died inside the lock-up of the police station during the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday, allegedly after being tortured.The police allegedly wanted him to own up the murder of his cousin Raheemun whose headless body was recovered from the farm field of Chetram of Parwatpur Kodra village under Tambaour police station on the outskirts of Sitapur, some 100 kilometres from Lucknow on February 18. \"They kept on saying that we must own-up Raheemum's murder and also that it was a case of honour killing,\" says Sartaj, Jabbar's elder brother who too was subjected to the same torture.Raheemum's (19) cousin Khurshid lodged submitted a signed complaint regarding the murder expressing suspicion on the involvement of four local youths Rizwan, Mehraj, Waseem and Madari behind the crime. Investigations failed to take off for the next one week because the police was reportedly busy with polling in the ongoing elections. After the victim's family approached the senior police officers seeking their intervention for speedy action, the cops got in action, which ended up in another tragedy for the family.\"First we lost our sister and then we are being accused of killing her. This is injustice,\" Sartaj said. He was hurriedly let off by the police after Jabbar died in the lock-up. Ironically, the brother duo was picked-up despite Raheemum's family accusing four local youngsters as suspects in their written complaint to the police. However, the Sitapur police was somehow convinced that the four were innocent, for reasons best known to them. Police did not even brother to summon the suspects even once, sources said. Police too confirmed that the brother duo did not have any criminal case pending against them.\"This is plain and cold-blooded murder,\" says Atul Verma, a senior criminal lawyer practicing in the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court. \"They don't have any reason to summon and torture two innocents who have nothing to do which the crime. More serious is the issue that the police allegedly wanted to paint the incident as that of honour killing,\" Verma says.Though the accused cops - sub inspector Trishideo - the station officer (SO) incharge of Tambaour police station, SI Anjani Kumar - incharge of the special operations group (SOG) which was helping the cops to crack the case along with constables Birpal Singh, Abdul Rafe and Anil Kumar also of the SOG have been suspended, no arrests were made till late Thursday night. Sources said that multiple ante-mortem injuries on Jabbar's body have been confirmed.\"We have ordered a magisterial probe into the incident,\" said Sitapur district police chief Piyush Mordia. Additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order and Crime Subesh Kumar Singh said that incident is being monitored by the top officials and action will follow. \"The incident has been taken very seriously and the guilty will be brought to book,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106392", "title": "Was the sound system failure at Sanquelim a humiliation to the Prime Minister of the country?", "text": "The failure of the sound system when Manmohan Singh was addressing a election meeting at Sanquelim was not only a humiliation to the PM but an embarrassment to those organizing the meet. Had it happened while the CM of a state spoke it would have been a different story. But, the fact that it has occurred while the PM of the country spoke is an embarrassment to all Goans. There should have been spare equipment in place because the PM does not come often to the state.Rosario Soares, service, Pilerne-MarraIt was certainly a humiliation to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. He is the head of the country so precautions should have been taken to avoid such sound system failure. It was irresponsible and disrespectful to the head of the country. It should not have happened. This mistake should not be repeated.Kiran Kamath, lecturer, PanajiWe should not make a political issue out of a technical failure. That the alternative arrangement took a little more time reflects the lack of a backup facility at a high-profile meet involving the PM. This need not be considered as a humiliation as technical errors are beyond control sometimes.Pradeep Kakaodkar, CA, CurchoremThe failure of the sound system in Sanquelim was very unfortunate. But, at the same time we have to understand that technology can fail sometimes. It need not be taken too personally.Synora Rodrigues, student, Raia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105435", "title": "Medical efforts not enough to fight malnutrition: Expert", "text": "BHOPAL: Nutritious diet expert of Department for International Development (DFID) Dr Steves Collin held talks with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday on efforts for an early solution to the problem of serious malnutrition at his residence, an official spokesperson said.The CM apprised him of several schemes like Atal Child Health and Nutrition Mission being run in the state for the uplift of the malnourished children. He instructed officers to hold separate detailed talks with DFID officials for eradication of malnutrition from the state.Dr Collin said only medical efforts are not enough, it is also necessary that seriously malnourished children get proper nutritious diet. For this purpose, awareness should be created among children's families and mothers. Throwing light on the action plan pertaining to nutritious diet, he said nutritious diet may be made available to the families of seriously malnourished children by getting it prepared through self-help groups.Principal Secretary, Woman and Child Development, BR Naidu; National Rural Health Mission Director DD Agrawal, DFID's nutrition consultant N Philphot, Chief Adviser Food Security Viraj Patnaik, senior Health Consultant Dr Rajesh Singh and other officers were present.DFID is extending technical and financial cooperation to the Woman and Child Development Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103694", "title": "Sadar Bazar on Lashkar radar, another arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahtesham Malik, the 24-year-old arrested by the Special Cell for planning a blast in Chandni Chowk's cloth market, had orders to hit the same area again within days. Sources investigating the case told TOI on Thursday that Malik, after carrying out a blast in the cloth market on Wednesday, was supposed to strike in the nearby Sadar Bazar plastic market in \"a day or two\". They believe both targets - markets packed with highly combustible goods - were chosen to maximise casualties with fire.Sources said Malik was to stay on in Delhi for a few more days, recce Sadar Bazar on Thursday, and then plant a bomb there. He had already booked a plane ticket to flee to Srinagar on March 5. Malik is also said to have told interrogators that he went to Pakistan by Samjhauta Express after obtaining a visa from the Pakistan High Commission on the reference of Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani.In another major development, Malik's cousin and suspected LeT cohort Tawseef Ahmed Peer (22) alias Mama was arrested from Hazaribag on Thursday and handed over to Delhi Police on transit remand. Jharkhand Police, who initially detained him on Wednesday outside a coaching institute, arrested him on being convinced about his involvement in terror activities. Police sources in Hazaribag said Malik had provided clues about Peer after he was arrested in Delhi on Wednesday.DCP Special Cell Arun Kampani said Peer, a native of Sopore, had full knowledge of the Delhi plot and would have left for Pakistan soon to get advanced training in arms and militancy.Delhi Police are now on the lookout for two other members of the module. Officials said one suspect, Muzamil Amin Dar alias Usman, had managed to evade Jammu and Kashmir Police on Wednesday night. Sources also said Hurriyat leader Geelani may need to be questioned about his reported endorsement of Malik.Regarding the bombing plot, sources said Shafaqat, who was also arrested on Wednesday, was to stay on in Delhi with Malik and wait for one or two more of their associates to join. On arriving in Srinagar, Malik would have planted another bomb there on March 5. The plot was foiled following inputs from the Research and Analysis Wing.Malik, who has reportedly done BSc, worked as a lab technician in Hazaribag while Shafaqat was a graduate engineer (BTech) from a private institute in Punjab. On Wednesday, police found Malik carrying wires, flash powder used in crackers and sulphuric acid. He was reportedly associated with LeT in Sopore as an active terrorist and was arrested in 2007 along with two others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12106024", "title": "Silver heist at leading jewellery store in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As cops were busy fine-tuning security arrangements for vice-president of India Md Hamid Ansari, currently in city to attend the convocation at Utkal University, unidentified miscreants allegedly made off with silver ornaments from a leading jewelry store at Master Canteen here, late on Wednesday night.Though the exact cost of the stolen jewellery has not been ascertained yet, the store staff said it would not be less than Rs 10 lakh. The burglars, however, could not reach the chests on the second floor of the showroom, where gold and diamond jewellery was stored. The silver ornaments were displayed on the ground floor.Prima facie, police suspected the burglary was carried out by at least five men, though the CCTV footage showed only one man coming out of the showroom with a sack on his shoulder. \"The picture captured in the CCTV was very hazy. We are inquiring into the matter,\" said Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh.The burglary at the heavily guarded shopping complex has left police stumped. There is a traffic police outpost very close to the showroom. \"The accused broke eight locks to open the door of the showroom, facing Janpath. We suspect the involvement of private security guards deployed in the night. We are interrogating them,\" Singh said.Sources said the CCTVs installed on the corridor of the ground floor showed a security guard sleeping. \"The CCTVs showed that two or three persons were keeping a watch on the entire operation outside the showroom. One of them was standing near a traffic police outpost,\" said Gaurab Hans, an employee at the showroom. Recently, miscreants carried out a similar burglary in a laptop store at Saheed Nagar. Though their faces were clearly visible on CCTV cameras, police are yet to arrest anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103547", "title": "HC extends stay on NHAI termination of e-way deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday extended its stay on the National Highways Authority of India's decision to terminate its contract with the Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited to operate the Gurgaon expressway.HC's decision to extend the stay came after the main lender for the project, Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), approached the court seeking to be included as a party to the dispute. IDFC faulted NHAI for slapping the termination notice and pointed out that such a step will cause it huge losses. The lender, a consortium of nationalized banks and financial institutions, has provided a credit facility of Rs 1,597 crore to the developer DGSCL for its 28 kilometer road project. In its plea, it said the existence of the concession agreement contract for operating the toll plaza is vital for the lender which has invested public funds, and urged HC to \"permanently prevent NHAI from issuing termination notice\".Seeking quashing of the termination order, the IDFC said the NHAI has violated the tripartite agreement it had signed with the DGSCL and the government and claimed the concession agreement puts no bar on \"refinancing or re-arranging of finance\" by the developer, who is free to invest excess funds as per its discretion. IDFC also argued that as per the concession agreement, NHAI is bound to send notice for any termination also to the banks and financial institutions so that they have two months to cure any default and to take measures to ensure smooth running of the agreement. It blamed the NHAI for failing to send them a notice arguing this has deprived the lenders of their valuable rights.Justice S Muralidhar said the court's earlier order restraining NHAI from taking further action against DGSCL will remain in force till March 27, the next date of hearing.The NHAI has also been claiming that it does not recognize the group bankers led by the IDFC since their funding was never processed by the highways authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105488", "title": "African nationals face \u2018apartheid\u2019 in Hyderabad pub", "text": "HYDERABAD: Are city hotels racially profiling their guests? In a case of racial discrimination, a group of young African expats were shown the door at a star hotel in the city for being \"black\". The shocking incident unfolded on Wednesday evening when this group of revellers, along with students of other nationalities, turned up for a party at a hotel's pub located in Somajiguda. While awaiting their turn to enter the club, the group was confronted by hotel authorities who rather unceremoniously asked them to leave the premises.\"We were told that Africans were not allowed inside the pub that night,\" rued Nina from Ivory Coast who is on a student exchange programme in the city. A shocked Nina later admitted she felt extremely embarrassed at the event as she had to step out of the queue and make way for others to enter the pub. Worse, the authorities even agreed to let her other accomplices, a German and a French national, walk in without Nina.Their identity proofs (mandatory for expats to carry) were of little help as the pub staffers were in no mood to budge, said those witness to the incident. \"It is never a good feeling to encounter such discrimination. The fact that the fair-skinned Africans were allowed entry without any hassle only adds to the insult,\" said a disgusted Sandrine Pape also from Ivory Coast. Pape is currently pursuing an internship at a Hyderabad-based marketing firm.While the expats eventually left the hotel premises without pressing for an explanation from the hotel authorities, they confess that the hotel's behaviour was shameful. \"I did not see any point in arguing with the management. I did not want to beg to be let in. The colour defines our origin and we can do nothing about it,\" said Nina sure of not stepping foot in the club again.Apart from the blacks, expats of other nationalities too expressed anguish over the incident and rued how it was sheer generalization against Africans that led to the unfortunate incident. \"Just because there have been a few incidents of drug peddling involving Africans in the past, we cannot assume that everybody with a similar skin colour is into illegal activities. This is unpardonable,\" said German Mathew Vancanneyt who was also part of the group visiting the hotel's pub. Despite being given the green signal to enter the club, Mattew said he too left the premises as a sign of protest.Surprisingly, those from African countries with fair skin were allowed inside. Jessica from Algeria who is working in a Hyderabad-based firm said, \"I reached much later after my friends had left and I was allowed inside without questioning. When I came to know what had happened with my friends I spoke to the staff and they just said that they were following instructions due to some past experiences.\"Park Hotel, where the incident occurred, denied any such profiling and even claimed that it's doors were always open for revellers from across nationalities. \"No such incident occurred,\" said a spokesperson of the Park hotel. But sources from the hotel industry pointed out how such 'checks' have been put in place in pubs across the city. \"There is no written rule, but we have been directed by the police to thoroughly frisk Africans visiting our facilities. The rule has been primarily enforced in pubs dotting the city outskirts,\" said a city hotelier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12106209", "title": "Special trains to ease passenger rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of heavy rush of passengers, railway administration has decided to ply special trains. These trains include Gaya-Delhi special, Valsad-Varanasi special, Ahmedabad-Patna special and Gorakhpur-Pune special.Train number 03685/0386 would run between Gaya and Delhi. This train will leave Gaya every Thursday from April 5 to June 28 at about 8:00 pm and arrive at Dehri-on-Son at 9:13 pm, Mughalsarai at 11:00 pm, Allahabad at 1:25 am, Kanpur at 3:50 am and finally terminate at Delhi at 11:55 am. During the return journey, the train will leave Delhi every Friday from April 6 to June 29 at about 7:10 pm and arrive at Kanpur at 1:05 am, Allahabad at 3;45 am, Mughalsarai at 6:30 am, Sasaram at 8:04 am, Dehri-on-Sone at 8:20 am and finally terminate at Gaya at 9:45 am. This train will comprise of one AC-III tier coach, one AC-II tier coach, seven sleeper and six general coaches.Train number 9051/9052 will run between Valsad and Varanasi. It will be a weekly train and leave Valsad every Friday from April 6 to June 22 at 7:40 pm and go through the route of Udhna, Nandurbar, Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Hand, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur,Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar, Satna, Manikpur, Chheoki, Mirzapur and finally terminate at Varanasi on Sunday at about 1:10 am. This train will depart from Varanasi every Sunday at about 5;25 am and after passing through the above route would finally terminate at Valsad on Monday at about 1:10 pm. This train will comprise of one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, eight sleeper and eight general coaches.Train number 9409/9410 would run between Ahmedabad and Patna. This train will leave Ahmedabad every Friday from April 6 to June 29 at about 8:45 am and pass through the route of Dahod, Ratlam, Nagda, Ujjain, Sujalpur, Bhopal, Bina, Sagour, Damoh, Katni, Maihar, Satna, Chheoki, Mughalsarai, Buxar, Ara, Danapur and finally terminate at Patna on Saturday at about 4:00 pm. During the return journey, the train will leave Patna every Saturday from April 7 to June 30 and after passing through the above route will terminate at Ahmedabad on Monday at about 6:35 am. Train number 05024/05023 will run between Gorakhpur and Pune.This train will depart from Gorakhpur every Thursday at about 5:25 pm from April 5 to June 28 and go through the route of Khalilabad, Basti, Mankapur, Gonda, barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur, Pokhrayan, Orai, Jhansi, lalitpur, Bina, Bhopal, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusalwal, Manmad and finally terminate at Pune on Saturday at 2:45 am.AMC, sanitary staff observe daylong strike Allahabad: The employees of Allahabad Municipal Corporation along with the sanitary workers went on strike on Thursday against non-payment of salary for the past two months. Due to the strike, piles of garbage accumulated in different parts of the city as the sanitary workers absented themselves from the work.The main office of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation in the Civil Lines was locked. Employees of the different departments of AMC assembled in the park in the campus and organized a protest meeting.The union leaders castigated the AMC administration for failing to give the salary for the past two months. They asserted that they are undergoing financial problems owing to non payment of the salary. The contention of the employees is that as the festival of Holi is shortly arriving but the Allahabad Municipal Corporation has not made arrangements for making the payment.The condition of the retired employees are more pathetic as they have not been paid pension for the past four months. They have to face grave financial crisis due to non payment of pension. Though the union members held parleys with the AMC administration but no headway has been made on the issue.The employees have decided to continue their strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106341", "title": "Lourenco's sister dies in Caranzalem mishap", "text": "PANAJI: Curtorim Congress candidate Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco's sister died on Thursday morning following a road accident. She was crossing the road at Caranzalem on Wednesday night when she was hit by a motorcyclist and sustained head injuries.Panaji police said that Lume Fatima D'Silva, 44, resident of Tonca, was crossing the road at Caranzalem at about 9.15pm when a speeding motorcyclist dashed against her. Police said that Shahrukh Zattu, 19, from Taleigao was riding the bike and going towards Taleigao.\"Lume suffered a head injury and fracture in the leg. She was immediately shifted to the hospital. She succumbed to her injuries on Thursday morning,\" police said.Police said that Zattu possessed a driving license but suspect that he was overspeeding. From the injuries, police feel that the victim was dragged for some distance due to the impact of the collision. Zattu has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105040", "title": "Cops ask banks to look out for ATM skimmers", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have requested all bank branches in the city to ensure that their ATMs are checked frequently to detect any foreign material fixed to the machine.The initiative, in the form of a circular from the central crime branch (CCB), follows the discovery of an improvised skimmer on the door of an ATM in suburban Medavakkam. \"As credit card fraudsters are targeting unmanned ATMs, we have asked bank officials to check those ATMs frequently,\" a police officer said.On Saturday last, officials of a Punjab National Bank (PNB) branch in Medavakkam found that the door to the adjoining ATM got locked and called in a mechanic. The mechanic, who turned up on Monday, found that a device had been fixed in the slot where a card is inserted to open the door, leading to the door being jammed.The bank officials panicked and informed the Pallikaranai police who found it was an improvised skimmer device. The matter was then brought to the notice of the CCB.On Tuesday, a team from the CCB's credit card fraud investigation wing visited the ATM and inspected the improvised device.\"We sent the device to the forensic lab to find out its functioning. Initial inquiries revealed that the improvised device could have been activated by credit card fraudsters through a remote,\" a police officer said.Police said CCTV footage showed a man wearing a cap entering the ATM at 5am on Saturday and fixing the device in the slot in the door. The device fitted in the slot will automatically read data of the cards used by customers to open the door to the ATM, a police officer said. This data can be copied on to a blank card and used to make purchases by the fraudsters, the officer said.Ten days ago, a skimmer was found at an ATM near Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli. \"We have sent a circular to all bank branch managers in the city and suburbs to check the ATM equipment and the doors frequently,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108266", "title": "Nigaar Khan enters Sapno Ke Bhanwar Mein", "text": "Demeaning and insulting to polite and well-behaved, that's how Nigaar Khan aka Rangoli makes her glamorous entry in Sapno Ke Bhanwar Meinon Life OK.Rangoli, who is Brij Bhushan's wife, has travelled the world and has a major superiority complex. She comes across as rude, aggressive, picking on people and their ways. Rangoli has been living away from Brij for a long time.Nigaar Khan said, \"\"I simply love my character Rangoli in the show. It's very interesting as my character will bring great conflict in the show. I will enter just when Pooja and Brij confess their love for each other. I am very jubilant about Sapno Ke Bhanwar Mein\"With Nigaar's entry in the show, one can expect a lot of twists and turns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106823", "title": "After Mulund, Ghatkopar and Vikhroli to get 24X7 water", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the success of its pilot project of supplying round-the-clock water to Mulund, the BMC plans to extend the scheme to nearby areas such as Ghatkopar, Vikhroli and Bhandup. The civic administration is, however, sceptical about the feasibility of implementing the plan in other parts of the city.\"The pilot project has certainly worked according to our plan. But implementing it in other parts of the city may be difficult as the requirements vary from place to place,\" additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota had earlier told TOI.The pilot project was launched in January to conduct a feasibility study of the project, which aims to ease water shortage in the city owing to skewed distribution. \"There has been no complaint from the areas where the project was implemented. We are extending the facility to the adjoining areas so that the water distribution pattern can be studied closely . For the time being, Ghatkopar, Vikhroli and Bhandup will be included,\" Rahul Shewale, chairman of standing committee, said. For that, the hydraulics department will have to instal electronic meters also disconnect the illegal water connections. New flow meters will be installed on pipes to check the flow. In Mulund, around 120 million litre water is supplied daily, for 10-12 hours. To facilitate round-the-clock supply, additional 10% water or 12 MLD is needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12105543", "title": "Woman found dead under mysterious condition", "text": "INDORE: A woman was found dead under mysterious circumstances in the bedroom of her rented house in Pardeshipura here on Thursday.City SP (CSP) Jaiveer Singh Bhadauria said that the woman probably died on February 28 but her landlord noticed it only on Thursday afternoon when foul smell emanated from the bedroom. She had been staying there with one Bhupendra Vishveiya for the last 20 days and her room was locked from outside for past two days, said the CSP. The landlord informed the police on the incident on Thursday afternoon. The police broke open the door and found a lady lying dead on the floor, said the CSP adding that the police also found a torn portion of saree and a knife from the room. The deceased has been identified as Rani and no other details about the woman were not available immediately.The CSP said that the age of the deceased could be ascertained only after the post-mortem as her body was decomposed. Police sent the body to MY Hospital for post-mortem.The CSP said that the woman was staying here with Bhupendra, son of Baldev Vishveiya, and he was claiming to be her husband. However, Baldev told the media that his son was not married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106214", "title": "The battle for House enters final phase", "text": "PANAJI: As the poll propaganda machinery fell silent on Thursday evening, voters across Goa huddled into their homes to contemplate and decide on who to vote for on Saturday. Political parties and candidates on the other hand, were busy tying loose ends.Congress and BJP have tied up with the NCP and MGP respectively in an election that could go either way.Goa, in the last two months, has seen some strategic and official tie-ups, unofficial 'political fixing', repackaging of promises parties that could not be fulfilled in earlier regimes-all of which culminated in parties and candidates using all available resources, exposing rivals' errors and projecting their own party as harbingers of good governance.With a day to go for polling, it's time for party think-tanks to pull out the final tricks from the war room. Sources say there is a possibility of transfer of votes to independents if party candidates are likely to lose.Analysts say BJP leaders seem to have forged ahead from the early days in shrewdly taming the storms of dissension kicked off after distribution of tickets.Given his political acumen and astuteness to forge marriages of convenience, BJP leader and potential chief minister Manohar Parrikar has again proved he is ahead of others in political warfare.Parrikar has managed to tame rebels and prevent any split of votes, and the alliance with MGP has provided BJP a big boost, providing it with an opportunity to bounce back to power. A move that led BJP national president Nitin Gadkari to say, \"It is a 100% natural alliance for the interest and development of Goa, and 101%, we will form the next government in Goa with this alliance.\"The Congress, though it has managed to contain rebellion in many cases, discarded aspirants are not working for the official candidates.From P1The BJP boardroom thinking went beyond the alliance and containing rebellion in the first round, to saffron moles holding important positions networking with various organizations-including village groups, youth and women groups for nearly a year on issues like RP 2021, and their efforts to bring the groups closer to the party seemed to have worked.On the other hand, analysts say Congress was unable to grab the opportunity of being the ruling party.In 2001-2002, BJP had worked like a well-organized team, churning out a series of schemes, offering jobs to the youth and distributing cheques to the needy, utilizing government machinery, and more importantly, grooming its own cadre during its rule, managing the media well and marketing its achievements for the 2002 polls.Against this backdrop, the Congress think-tank seems to have failed in capitalizing on its achievements. It did offer several schemes and provided stability to complete the full term since statehood.During the last five years, the government did take some decisions. It scrapped SEZs, improved the health infrastructure, introduced 108 emergency ambulances service, provided subsidized vegetables and commodities, and went in for mechanization of agriculture. While roads were tarred, the government fell short of constructing a new bridge over river Zuari bridge, in building flyovers, in traffic management, and in constructing garbage treatment plants.Leaders also worked at cross purposes, and silence marked criticism from the opposition, while its own people, especially Dayanand Narvekar, spewed venom on the government.Lack of a strong leadership and party organizational set up, poor governance, indecision, factionalism, going soft on the opposition and lack of managerial skills are among the factors that let Congress down, say analysts.Probably, the scams including the hotly debated illegal mining, casinos, privatization of government hospital, and the opposition pulling it up time and again, may have also overwritten its \"achievements\".After announcement of polls, Congress showed no signs of going in for a badly-needed makeover of its image. Not having done much to widen the party base over the years, Congress banked on individuals and allowed them to grow stronger at the cost of the party. Paying the price for it, this time, individuals became so strong that six families have managed to corner tickets for their family members pocketing more than one-fourth of the tickets.The simmering anger against the Congress is palpable for promoting 'family raj' politics in the state. Congress is caught in the bind of its own creation.Reinventing itself, BJP has nominated six Catholic candidates and has supported three Catholic independents. But in some constituencies, the role of BJP leaders came as a surprise to many. In St Andre, BJP seemed to have changed its mind late. Initially the party was considering former minister Dr Carmo Pegado but later promoted Vishnu Surya Wagh, probably for two reasons: he being a good orator and to push Wagh as the next Bhandari leader in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12106483", "title": "Women\u2019s railway hockey tourney starts with a bang", "text": "RANCHI: The 33rd All India Railway Hockey Championship for Women started on Thursday with four matches being played between Central Railway (CR) and Western Railway (WR), Rail Coach Factory (RCF) and West Central Railway (WCR), and East Central Railway (ECR) and North East Railway (NER).While CR won by three goals, RCF won 2-0. In the third match, ECR won by 2 goals. The last match of the day was between South Eastern Railway (SER) and Northern Railway (NR) in which NR won by 6 goals.The championship was inaugurated at the astroturf hockey stadium at Morhabadi in which eight teams from all over the country will participate at the five-day tournament. There will be two groups in the championship. Group A will have SER, NR, NER and ECR teams and group B will have WR, RCF, WCR and CR teams. Four matches will be held everyday on March 1, 2 and 3 and the semi-finals and final will be held on March 4 and 5, respectively.At the inaugural function, SER DRM G Mallaya said, \"Eight teams have participated in the championship this time but we expect more participation in the coming years as there are 16 railway zones in the country now.\" Mallaya also requested the visiting teams to give their feedback on the facilities provided to them. \"If the visitors are facing any problem, they should give us a feedback so we can improve,\" he said.Manoj Pandey, the chief personnel officer of SER, who was the chief guest at the programme, said, \"We are lucky to get an opportunity to host this event in Ranchi. This year, SER has won many awards in sporting events, including table tennis, bridge and weightlifting. I hope that they achieve a good spot in this championship, too.\"Special guest at the inaugural function, DC K K Soan spoke about the upcoming stadiums at Khunti, Simdega and Gumla to promote sportspersons. \"It is good that the event is being organized at this stadium and I hope even more events will be organized in future to utilize these resources which have been developed during the National Games,\" said Soan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105032", "title": "Page missing from Writers\u2019 register", "text": "KOLKATA: A page of an attendance register in the state agriculture directorate - with signatures of eight Group D employees - has gone missing from Writers' Buildings. This created quite a flutter at the state secretariat, leading the state agriculture department authorities - under the instruction of department secretary Hridesh Mohan - to lodge an FIR at Hare Street police station on Thursday.This was all the more significant since it was on this page that the employees had signed on the bandh day. The state home (political) department is compiling a list of absentees on that day. Under the circumstances, the missing page becomes crucial even as a photocopy of it is apparently there with the department.The home (political) department on Wednesday had asked all departments to send a list of the absent employees - 16% of the Writers' employees who did not turn up on Tuesday. The list was submitted by all departments on Wednesday.It is being suspected that the page of the attendance register - kept on the second floor of Writers' - had b een torn deliberately. An FIR was lodged since \"such a serious thing could not be neglected\".On Thursday morning, when a Group D employee came to sign the attendance register, he could not find it. When he began to look for it, he found it hidden below several files. Then he found the second page of the Attendance Register No. 5 missing. He informed it immediately to an administrative officer. The FIR was lodged later by a senior department officer.The page which went missing had signatures of eight group D employees, an official said. State agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya said though the page went missing, the department has a photocopy of the pages. So, it would not be difficult to make out who were absent on the bandh day. However the photocopy is not an authorized document, as other departments do not maintain any photocopy of the register.The minister said it is even possible that those who were present could have been involved in this mischief.\"Those involved in this act might even lose their jobs if found guilty and criminal case may be started against them. It is a terrible crime,\" Bhattacharya said.The reason for maintaining a photocopy of the register was clear, as there were apprehensions that there may be attempts to tamper with the register, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12105822", "title": "Only 1,104 couples in Panchkula legally married", "text": "PANCHKULA: Every other day we see marriages being solemnized in Panchkula, but do you know that only 1,104 couples are married and that too since November 2008? It is not that the rest are unmarried but despite the fact that The Haryana Compulsory Registration of Marriages Act being in force, only 1,104 couples in the city that has a population of 5 lakh are legally wedded as only this number have got themselves registered with the Panchkula municipal corporation till date.According to the executive officer of the Panchkula municipal corporation (MC), O P Sehag, out of these 1,104 couples, 50% got themselves registered only because they want to go abroad. \"Approximately half of these numbers only got themselves registered out of obligation and not choice,\" said Sehag.\"It's quite strange that in an educated township like Panchkula only 1,104 couples are legally wedded that means all other marriages are invalid. I think people avoid it thinking the process is too cumbersome and time consuming. Plus, they think that registering a marriage would hardly make a difference,\" said Gaurav Sharma, a resident of Sector 7, Panchkula.Similar sentiments were echoed by Vibha Singhania, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula. \"Every year there have been months where we get to know that due to good stars 5,000 to 10,000 marriages are being solemnized. And its interesting to know that only a few of these are legally wedded. This reflects our lackadaisical approach towards the law,\" said Singhania.\"People now-a-days are so lazy that they doing such things a hassle. What they don\"t realize is that this is a very important proof of marriage. Photographs have lost credibility due to the advancement of technology so this is probably the only document which remains authentic,\" added Sehag.The officer also said in 2009 he had come across a couple where the man was 75 and the woman was 55, and wanted to register their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105348", "title": "Cops have 4-tier plan for bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have put together an elaborate bundobust for the March 18 bypolls in the state for seven constituencies.With the avowed intention of overseeing a free and fair election, state police have drawn up a four-tier plan.Byelections are to be held for seven constituencies in Mahbubnagar, Warangal, Adilabad, Nellore and Nizamabad and, to begin with, liquor shops will be closed for a week beginning March 16 in poll-bound areas.Security at polling stations would be supported by mobile parties and special strike forces. The arrangements for each constituency will be supervised by at least two senior IPS officers of the rank of SP or above.\"Checkposts would be put up in these constituencies with the specific aim of curbing illegal flow of liquor and money,\" director-general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy said at a news briefing on Thursday.As per Election Commission (EC) guidelines, convoys will not be allowed in these constituencies onwards from 5pm on March 16. Also, outsiders without a satisfactory reason for stay would not be allowed to remain in the polling areas.\"Those who will need to carry a large amount of cash can declare the same at the local police station and proceed without facing any kind of trouble,\" the DGP said.Police were identifying the sensitive and hyper-sensitive areas in each constituency for which special arrangements would require to be made.In addition to local police, 55 companies of paramilitary forces would be deployed in these areas.The DGP said that anti-Maoist forces had been posted in the districts along the borders of Orissa, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra. \"They will be on high alert during poll time to make sure that no extremists sneaked into the state,\" he added.\"There is no specific alert about Maoists planning an attack on political leaders but all the same, we will be providing security to the poll candidates,\" the DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108921", "title": "Isha opts out of Viswaroopam", "text": "The actress cites date issues for the Kamal-starrer,, but is happy to be part of Suriya's Maattrraan and Vikram's DavidActress Isha Sharvani , who was supposed to make her Kollywood debut with Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam, is sad that she won't be part of the project anymore. The Kisna girl says, \"I was very happy when I was approached by Kamal sir's office for a role in their magnum opus. But then, I had to opt out of it because of date issues. I tried my best to accommodate the film, but it's with great regret that I had to pull out of the film. It would have been my dream debut - working with a veteran like Kamal. I hope I get to work with him again.\" However, Isha says her association with Kollywood will continue, as she's got Maattrraan with Suriya and David with Vikram. \"I got a chance to do my kind of dancing in the Suriyastarrer and I can't wait for the audience to see the number,\" she says.Another film that's got her excited is Bejoy Nambiar's David, in which she shares screenspace with Vikram. \"We shot in Karnataka for about three weeks, and I play an important character in it. I was totally impressed with the way Vikram works on the set. He's got hands on experience and has no airs being a star. Now, I can't wait to work on a fullfledged Tamil film!\"Interestingly, Isha is the second girl to opt out of Viswaroopam citing date issues. It was Sonakshi Sinha first, who, after being signed on to play the lead, walked out of the project as it got delayed and she couldn't adjust her dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12106280", "title": "\u2018In 1 year, all districts will be covered under FASAL project\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The country is getting good results in forecasting agricultural output and in the coming one year, all districts of the country would be covered under 'FASAL' (forecasting agricultural output using space agrometeorology and land-based observation) project, said K K Singh, director, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), New Delhi, while speaking to TOI on Thursday.He said that the project which started in 2010 has already covered 23 IMD networking centres apart from 46 state agriculture universities spread in different parts of the country. The IMD director further said that the linkages of IITs including IIT-Roorkee and IITKharagpur along with central universities like BHU promise better outcome in the coming days.It may be mentioned here that Singh was the chief guest of a two-day programme inaugurated in BHU on Thursday. The programme would assess the progress of FASAL project, a joint initiative of ministry of agriculture, IMD and ministry of Earth sciences, New Delhi.The IMD director said that various data including soil input, cultivation stage, weather, sowing and germination time are recorded and analysed to come out with a predictive model to forecast agricultural output. The model uses remote sensing techniques and comes out with regional variation to forecast agricultural output.\"When all the districts of the country would be covered under the project, we would be able to come up with more accurate predictions based on regional variation across the country,\" he added.It is also worth mentioning that 11 major crops including rice, wheat, maize, sorghum, millet, bajra, cotton, jute and groundnut are included in the project that predicts agricultural output during kharif and rabi season. The model has attained high success in the West and is being replicated in the country to bring similar results. \"The results could be even more accurate if we come up with longterm weather forecasting covering three months. Presently, the forecasting limit is still restricted to a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12106894", "title": "Governor unveils slew of new initiatives in budget session", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The budget session of the Kerala Assembly began here on Thursday with governor H R Bharadwaj announcing a slew of new initiatives to be taken up by the UDF government. However, the CPM-led opposition criticized the government for announcing major projects violating the code of conduct in place for the Piravom bypoll .The government has claimed that the disposal of urban and rural waste as the major challenge faced by it and hence it would adopt a threepronged strategy for proper waste management. The prime focus would be on technologically upgrading waste management facilities in various urban local bodies.Modern solid waste techniques using clean and nonpolluting technologies such as incineration, eco-cycling and pyrolysis, which do not create leachate, bad odour and require no dumping and landfill will be implemented in all the major urban local bodies. Green technology centres will be started in 100 more panchayats to promote zero waste action plan.Apart from this, Kerala today affirmed its commitment to build a new dam at Mullaperiyar in place of the 116-year old structure, saying its resolve to do so is based on the principle of 'water for Tamil Nadu and safety for Kerala' . Governor H R Bhardwaj, in his address to the legislative assembly to mark the start of budget session, said the issue relating to the dam over which Kerala has a long standing dispute with Tamil Nadu is the foremost crisis the UDF government has had to face since coming to power in May 2011.He said Kerala is keen to preserve and foster the long standing cordial relations between both states and that the state welcomes an amicable resolution to the crisis.\"On this issue, the state has shown solidarity and unanimity in its stand on construction of a new dam at Mullaperiyar, rising above partisan considerations ,\" he said.The Governor pointed out the Kerala State Disaster Management Authority has formulated a crisis management plan for the dam in the wake of 'grave risks' arising from its safety. Kerala is insisting on construction of a new dam, arguing that the present structure in Idukki, bordering the two states, is weak. But Tamil Nadu, which gets water from the dam to irrigate five districts , is opposed to this stand, holding that it is strong as the state has taken up periodical maintenance.The dispute is now before the Supreme Court, which has appointed an Empowered Committee to examine the safety and other aspects of the present dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104676", "title": "If it works, a dream come true for citizens", "text": "BANGALORE: Beginning today, there is a deadline for all public services: be it a certificate or redressal of a grievance from any government department. If the deadline is not met, the official will be penalized. The vision appears great on paper, but will it work? It did on Day 1. Three residents of Jayanagar applied for birth certificates at 11am Thursday. They got them in 5 hours (4.30 pm). Kicking off the initiative was chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who handed over the certificates to Nawaz, Mohammed Mohinuddin and Sukumar BS Anand. A trader's licence was given to P Sudarshan Maiya of Maiya's restaurant, Jayanagar. The chief minister, who invited a resident of Jayanagar to inaugurate the Karnataka Guarantee of Services for Citizens Programme, or Sakala, at the Jayanagar complex, claimed that citizens would find a sharp, positive difference in delivery of services over the next two to three months. \"The three people got birth certificates within five hours of applying. Within an hour of the service being introduced in Dharwad, 600-700 applications were filed and disbursal begun. You will see a transformation in services across the state,\" Gowda claimed. \"Enough is enough. We don't want people running around for services,\" he pointed out. Urban development minister Suresh Kumar said the guarantee holds for 151 services spread over 11 departments within a timeframe. \"This is more than 40 or 42 being offered by Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Uttaranchal. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar is on record that Karnataka's Act is the best in the country,\" he said. A pilot project has been undertaken in Bidar, Chitradurga, Dharwad and Mangalore and deputy commissioners from the four locations reported positive response. From April 2, the service will be available in all districts and taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "better late than never", "code": "12110849", "title": "Halloween night in Kanpur", "text": "Better late than never: A prominent club's Halloween party had all the spooky elements of fun. All the guests dressed in spooky outfits with entrepreneur Amit Jindal wearing skulls on his head and also carrying a broom for special effects. Shalini went a step further and coloured her eyes and teeth black.Spooky Songs: Even the songs played at the do were from horror films. \"Kahin Deep Jale Kahin Dil\", \"Kitne Sawan Baras Gaye\" and \"Gumnaam Hai Koi\" added to the mood. Even the drinks served had scary names and people sipped on bloody vodkas and vampires hell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106232", "title": "7 children escape from Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: Seven children escaped from the government-run Apna Ghar, at Merces, on Thursday morning. The children were in need of care and shelter. Old Goa police have registered a case later in the day.It is suspected that the children, lodged on the first floor of the home, escaped by bending the window grills in the toilet and then using a bedsheet to climb down. Aged between 12 and 15 years, the kids were under the Child Welfare Committee, South Goa. A few of them had been in the home for quite some time and despite their parents expressing willingness to take their children home, they had not been released by CWC, sources said.From P1\"Though they had often expressed their desire to meet CWC members, they were not taken to meet them. Due to this there was a growing unrest among the children,\" sources at Apna Ghar said.The escape gains significance as on February 22, 2012, three children in need of care and shelter, and upset that CWC was neither hearing their grievances, nor allowing them to play and had forcibly put them in solitary confinement at the home, had gone on a rampage at the home. tnnINFOGRAPHICFreedom Runs* Aug 7, 2010 Five children in need of care and shelter escape* Feb 24, 2011Two juvenile boys escape* Feb 26, 2011Two juvenile boys escape* July 8, 2011Three juvenile boys escape* Feb 17, 2012Four juveniles escape* Feb 29, 2012Seven children in need of care and shelter escape", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12105804", "title": "SP heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav reads riot act to party", "text": "BAREILLY: The SP heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav brought down curtains on his UP poll campaign with a stern warning to party workers that they would face strict police action for criminal conduct.The reminder, minutes ahead of the end of the final campaign at 5 pm on Thursday, came amid concerns that poll results two days ahead of Holi could be an explosive cocktail in a society where change of government brings reprisals, mostly on caste lines. Holi is prone to violence of caste and communal nature.While the warning does show a trace of confidence in the SP camp about the poll results, it also betrays worries in the leadership on the kind of forces its triumph can unleash. Reports of SP workers celebrating in anticipation of victory in eastern and central regions seem to have revived old fears among various social groups.The unease over the March 6 poll results preceding Holi on March 8 has been so pervasive that it triggered rumours about counting being put off by three days. \"There will be no compromise on law and order. Even SP workers would face strong action,\" he told an impressive road show in Bareilly city. That he flagged the inviolability of law as his last comment in the campaign showed the concern was playing on his mind. The public warning marked a big difference from the SP's earlier silence on the issue. While the party's old guard has fumbled for a response to opposition attacks on \"goonda raj\" and appeared in denial, Akhilesh has repeatedly underlined the need for an image makeover after the 2007 decimation by arch-rival Mayawati.He tried to send out a positive message ahead of the polls vetoing the return of history-sheeter DP Yadav to the party taking on SP bigwigs like Azam Khan and Mohan Singh.While the SP has been carrying the baggage, its worries have been compounded by Mayawati managing to keep law and order under control during the last five years, forcing the mafia and local terror machines indoors. The continuing incarceration of Mukhtar Ansari, Ramakant Yadav and Atiq Ahmed contrasted with the situation under Mulayam Singh Yadav and even the BSP critics appreciated the performance on this front. The 2012 mega battle started with rivals realizing that SP's advance could be checked by a persistent attack on its \"law and order weakness\".On the backfoot in popular perception, Mayawati repeatedly exhorted at her poll rallies that SP's return to power would lead to return of goonda raj and \"people would not be able to move in the streets after 6 pm\". Even Congress picked on the issue to put the SP in the dock.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106503", "title": "NCR to start summer special trains from April", "text": "KANPUR: The North Central Railways (NCR) had decided to launch special trains. Train number 09051/09052 Valsad-Varanasi Exp will be a special train, which will run once a week. It will pass through Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Jabalpur, Katni junction, Maihar, Satna and Mirzapur. This train will leave Valsad every Friday and run between Valsad and Varanasi from April 6 to June 22.Another special train 09409/09410 Ahmedabad-Patna Express will run weekly. It will touch stations like Ratlam, Ujjain, Bhopal, Satna, Mughalsarai, Buxar and Danapur. The train will leave Ahmedabad every Friday and operate between April 6 and June 29.Train number 05024/05023 Gorakhpur to Pune (a weekly train) will leave Gorakhpur on Thursdays. It will run between April 5 and June 28. This train will cover stations like Basti, Gonda, Barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur, Orai, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Bina, Bhopal, Bhusawal and Manmad. Train number 05031/05032 Gorakhpur-Pune weekly train will pass through Basti, Gonda, Lalitpur, Bhopal, Nasik, Kalyan and Thane. It will run from April 7 to June 23 and leave Gorakhpur every Saturday. Train number 03685/03686 Gaya-Delhi Express (Super Fast) will pass through Sasaram, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur. It will run from Gaya every Thursday and remain on tracks from April 5 to June 28.Train number 01019/01020 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Lucknow Express will run twice a week. It will pass through Kalyan, Manmad, Bhopal, Jhansi, Orai and Kanpur. It will run every Sunday and Friday from April 1 to June 24. Train number 01027/01028 Mumbai CST-Varanasi will run once a week. It will pass through Dadar, Manmad, Bhusawal, Jabalpur, Katni junction, Satna and Mirzapur. This special train will leave Mumbai on Wednesdays. Also train number 01047/01048 Mumbai-CST Gorakhpur will take the same route to reach the destination.This train is weekly and run from Mumbai every Saturday between April 7 and June 23. Train number 01051/01052 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Gorakhpur is a weekly train and pass through Thane, Kalyan, Jabalpur, Katni, Satna, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Mau and Deoria. It will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Friday and run between April 6 and June 22. Also 01055/01056 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Varanasi is another weekly train and will LTT every Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105803", "title": "Sending SMSs while driving can also land you in trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: Clearing a steep increase in penalties for traffic violations, the Union Cabinet on Thursday proposed a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for death and Rs 50,000 for grievous injuries in hit-and-run cases.The move aims to end the different standards adopted to give compensation in such cases, which is paid by the government out of a fund. This was one of the several amendments in the Motor Vehicle Act which the Cabinet cleared.TOI had on Wednesday reported that the government was likely to approve a slew of measures including a stiff increase in fines for traffic offences. Road transport and highways minister C P Joshi said the Cabinet had given its go-ahead to revise the compensation amount for hit-and-run cases every three years.The Cabinet also cleared higher penalties for dangerous traffic violations. For example, a person can be fined Rs 1,000 for speeding 10km per hour beyond the permitted limit and Rs 5,000 if his speed is more than 25km over the limit.Under the proposed changes, not only talking on phone but also sending text messages or using hands-free mobile devices would be considered an offence while driving.In case of drunk driving, fines have been categorized on the basis of alcohol content in blood.For alcohol content between 30mg and 60mg per 100ml of blood, the penalty would be Rs 2,000 and six months' jail, or both. It would be one year in jail and Rs 4,000 fine, or both, if the level is between 60mg and 150mg. For alcohol content more than 150mg, the penalty would be Rs 5,000 fine and two years' imprisonment, or both.The Cabinet has also cleared the proposal to cancel driving licences if the offender is convicted for second or subsequent offences. The proposed norms have provision for up to six months in jail or a fine of Rs 10,000 in case a driver is caught under the influence of a narcotic substance.As per the changed provisions, motor insurance claims have to be filed within a year of the accident. At present, about 14 lakh such cases are pending in courts.Joshi said that only hiking fines was not enough to bring down road deaths. \"It will have an impact if we have better enforcement. But we need to see how accidents can be brought down on rural roads,\" he added.S P Singh of Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training also felt that fines were not the deterrent. There is a need for stricter norms to suspend and revoke licences in second and third offences for speeding and drunk driving, he said. While the government has cleared several measures to bring down accidents, ministry officials said there is no mention of how to deal with overloading - one of the key reasons of mishaps and damage to roads.The amendment bill introduced in Rajya Sabha in 2007 had a provision for making the booking agents and consignees responsible for overloading. However, there is no timeframe on when this law will come into force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104408", "title": "Cheque leaf thieves on the loose", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of men collecting cheques on the pretext of getting Aadhar cards, pan cards and phone connections, later forging signatures and withdrawing cash from banks has been swindling people in Bhayander.On January 30, a man in his 20s, claiming to be a salesperson of a telephone company, approached Shamista Shah (60), a resident of Janki Orchid in Bhayander (W). He offered Shah a phone line and a cordless phone for Rs 79 only. Shah fell for the offer. The suspect then sought Shah's bank account details. Shah signed a cheque of Rs 79 drawn on Oriental Bank of Commerce. The accused then lured Shah with a phone line for Rs 49 only if she paid through a Union Bank cheque. Shah then went in to fetch the Union Bank cheque book and left behind the Oriental bank cheque book. The accused tore a cheque leaf from the Oriental Bank book.Shah was unaware of the theft till she got an SMS alert about Rs 47,500 having been withdrawn from her account. Shah checked with the bank and later discovered the missing cheque leaf. She lodged a complaint with the Bhayander police. The bank CCTV footage showed a man withdrawing cash but the image was not clear enough to identify the accused.In another case, the victim was lured into getting an UID card on a priority basis for Rs 49. The cash withdrawn from the account was Rs 4,800.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12106260", "title": "Hopping for a win?", "text": "With only a day left to poll day, the field's filled with its fair share of 'Jumping Jacks', finds Murari ShetyeDisgruntled and resourceful have proved to be the most alluring characteristics in candidates for parties this election, especially if the persons did not originally belong to the party offering the ticket. While BJP has led this election trend, followed by the MGP, NCP and Congress, perhaps benefitting the most is new entrant into Goa's politics, albeit led by an old hand, the All India Trinamool Congress.Saffron shadesThe BJP has given five tickets to those from other parties who dropped their party colours for saffron.Curchorem candidate Nilesh Cabral was a former Congressman who joined the BJP only to take on his friend-turned-foe, Congressman Shyam Satardekar.Subhash Phal Dessai dropped the Hand for the Lotus and was given the ticket at the cost of sitting MLA Vasudev Goankar. Analysts say the 'sacrifice' was only because Phal Dessai has better \"resources\" to take on urban development minister Joaquim Alemao's son Yuri in Sanguem.Vishnu Surya Wagh, yet another Congressman, joined the BJP, supposedly because he disagreed with his former party over the raging issue of grants to English medium primary schools. Observers, however, say the shift was more politically-motivated-he was eying a ticket in the St Andre constituency.United Goans Democratic Party executive committee member Matanhy Saldanha quit the regional outfit claiming differences over the UGDP-Goa Vikas Party tie-up. Saldanha is now the BJP candidate in Cortalim.Carlos Almeida, who contested the last poll on a Janata Dal (S) ticket, is the BJP's candidate in Vasco.Others who joined BJP and got tickets are Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane (Poriem), Satyavijay Naik (Valpoi), Kiran Kandolkar (Tivim) and Glen Ticlo (Aldona). They all fulfill the \"winnability\" criteria-the \"resources\" to fight the electoral battle and win.Lion's shareAfter finalizing its alliance with the BJP, the MGP was also in search of winnable candidates. Prakash Arjun Velip, a former BJP member and the personal secretary of Congress chief minister Digambar Kamat till very recently, was the first to join the regional group and bag its ticket for Quepem.Dinar Tarcar, a businessman who gave opposition leader Manohar Parrikar a tough fight as a Congressman in 2007, is the MGP candidate against Congress candidate education minister Antanasio 'Babush' Monserate in St Cruz. Though he was initially supposed to join the BJP, the party thought otherwise as Tarcar is named in Parrikar's PAC report on illegal mining. The richest politician in the 2012 fray was instead given a side-entry through MGP and is believed to be seeking revenge on Monserrate for the latter's support to Parrikar in the last election.Premanand Nanoskar joined MGP to contest the election from Dabolim.A Hand In TimeFormer BJP legislators Dayanand Sopte and Rajesh Patnekar quit as members of the legislative assembly to join the Congress and were duly given tickets to contest from Mandrem and Bicholim respectively.Congress' alliance partner, NCP, too ensured that those with Congress godfathers but who couldn't get tickets from the Hand got them from the Clock instead. So, NCP has Yuri Alemao contesting in Sanguem, and former-BJP men Rudresh Chodankar and Ashish Shirodkar are in the fray for Mayem and Mapusa respectively.NCP's former Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco and zilla member Nelly Rodrigues, however, quit the party to join the re-launched Goa Vikas Party and are contesting from Nuvem and Cortalim respectively. Interestingly, Ramakant Borkar too quit the NCP and is contesting the Cortalim seat on a UGDP ticket despite the regional party being in an alliance with Pacheco's GVP.Kolkata callingThe state unit of the All India Trinamool Congress, headed by Wilfred de Souza, a man who has been a member of several Congresses-Indian National Congress, Goa Congress, Goa Rajiv Congress, and National Congress Party-has played it the smartest, keeping the party's doors open to all those 'winnable' candidates who failed to get their own party's ticket.While he is contesting from Aldona, ex-Congressman Sameer Salgaocar is in the fray for Mandrem, former NCP executive member Pandurang Raut is in Bicholim, ex-Shiv Sena-MGP member Pratap Mardolkar is in Dabolim, and former Save Goa Front's John Fernandes is in Benaulim.INFOBOXJumping JacksInto BJPFrom Cong: Nilesh Cabral (Curchorem), Subhash Phal Dessai (Sanguem), Vishnu Surya Wagh (St Andre)From UGDP: Matanhy Saldanha (Cortalim)From JD (S): Carlos Almeida (Vasco)Into MGPFrom Cong: Prakash Arjun Velip (Quepem), Dinar Tarcar (St Cruz)Into CongFrom BJP: Dayanand Sopte (Mandre), Rajesh Patnekar (Bicholim)Into NCPFrom BJP: Rudresh Chodankar (Mayem), Ashish Shirodkar (Mapusa)Into TCFrom Cong: Sameer Salgaocar (Mandrem)From NCP: Pandurang Raut (Bicholim)From MGP: Pratap Mardolkar (Dabolim)From SGF: John Fernandes (Benaulim)Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104642", "title": "14% spurt in US emission likely to raise fresh global warming concerns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under the Kyoto Protocol, the US was expected to lower its greenhouse gas emissions by more than 6% below the 1990 levels. Instead the world's largest emitter's emissions of climate-changing carbon dioxide increased by 14% between 1990 and 2010, according a draft report of the US government.The US refused to ratify the Kyoto Protocol after it was agreed to by the global community under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and since then it has steadfastly refused to accede to the protocol. Instead, Washington is demanding a new regime that brings parity to responsibilities on both emerging economies and developed world to reduce emissions.The report was put out for discussion by US' Environment Protection Agency, and is to be submitted to the UN Convention as part of its obligations.The report notes: \"Between 1990 and 2010, CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion increased from 4,742.1 tera grams of carbon dioxide equivalent (Tg CO2 Eq) to 5,406.8 Tg CO2 Eq - a 14.0% total increase over the 21-year period. From 2009 to 2010, these emissions increased by 192.2 Tg CO2 Eq. (3.7%).\"It says, \"The fundamental factors influencing this trend include (1) a generally growing domestic economy over the last 20 years, and (2) an overall growth in emissions from electricity generation and transportation activities.\"By delaying pledging commitments to reduce its emissions, the US has occupied greater amount of the finite atmospheric resource that countries like India and China had pointed out on several occasions.The US has refused to acknowledge responsibility for historic emissions even though it has been scientifically proved that emissions once spewed remain in the atmosphere for long and in case of carbon dioxide for more than 100 years. In climate parlance, it is called the problem of existing 'stock' as against the future 'flows' of emissions.India has demanded that developed countries such as the US should reduce their emissions substantially to vacate the limited atmospheric space for the developing world to also grow economically as they transit to greener pathways.The release of the US data is likely to raise fresh concerns about its international climate position against the principle of equity and common but differentiated responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111177", "title": "Manish Malhotra focuses on Katrina, skips Lakme fashion week", "text": "James Ferreira will be filling in for Manish Malhotra on day one of the Lakme Fashion Week.Lakme Fashion Week Summer Resort 2012 started today onwards in Mumbai. The much awaited fashion event however will miss ace fashion designer Manish Malhotra who is a regular at the LFW .Manish's show was scheduled for tonight. It was to be the highlight of day one considering the huge recognition Manish has earned over the years, mostly for his lovely Indian outfits and great association with Bollywood. However, the designer backed out of the show owing to prior commitments. Manish's absence will be felt was a common response of his fans.Our source who broke the news to us added, \"He is apparently busy with the Yash Chopra film he is working on.\"Manish's PR team confirmed the news.\"Designer Manish Malhotra has had to regretfully step out of Lakme Fashion Week March 2012 due to his prior film obligations. Designing the clothes for films such as Madhur Bhandarker's Heroine, Rakesh Roshan's Krrish 3, Karan Johar's Student of the Year, garments for the Deshmukh wedding and Kajol's whirlpool ad amongst others, are previous commitments and the reason why the designer is currently in London with tight shooting schedules on way.Manish Malhotra is currently engaged in London for Yash Chopra's film styling Katrina for song sequence being shot at the request of Yash and Aditya Chopra . Having had a 10 year long association with Lakme Fashion week and being an ardent supporter of the same, the designer extends his support to the Lakme Fashion Week and hopes to be participating next season\" said Manish's Press release which was sent out to the media after news of his cancellation was made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12107530", "title": "Worth exploring NATO partnership with India, Brazil: Pentagon", "text": "WASHINGTON: A top Pentagon commander has told US lawmakers that the possibilities of NATO partnership with India and Brazil are \"worth exploring\", as the two nations have great capabilities.\"Just to really push a little further out there, two nations that I think are worth exploring possibilities with are India and Brazil. They both have great capability. They could operate with us, for example, in the piracy mission should they choose to do so,\" said Admiral James Stavridis , commander of US European Command (EUCOM), and NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe.This is for the first time possibly that a top Pentagon commander is making such a statement on partnership between NATO and India. The Pentagon official was quick to inform lawmakers that this idea of his could be a little bit far-fetched.Stavridis, who was responding to a question from Congressman Loretta Sanchez at a Congressional hearing yesterday, said that exploring the possibilities of NATO building partnership with India was last on his list of four priorities of NATO's expansion and partnership with other countries.\"I would look first and foremost at building on the coalition in Afghanistan . Twenty-eight NATO nations, but we have 22 other nations who are partnering with NATO in Afghanistan. This is many Pacific nations, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga . So I think that that coalition base gives us one set of potential partners looking forward,\" he said.\"Secondly, we have two organisations that reach beyond NATO. Today, the Mediterranean dialogue, we're in the process of talking, for example, with Libya . Already many of the other nations in General Ham's region are part of this. The nations around the Mediterranean are natural NATO partners,\" he said.The commander said that the partnership with Istanbul Cooperative Initiative, consisting of the Gulf states, had helped US in anti-piracy operations.Stavridis said during the upcoming NATO Summit in Chicago , the leaders would review its policies and will present the alliance's path forward in total on nuclear weapons.\"In terms of NATO continuing to finance the infrastructure and what are the costs, the costs are relatively significant in protecting these weapons; and thus, we have to, as an alliance, make decisions about whether we want to maintain them or not,\" he said, adding that the decision on the issue would be taken soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12106137", "title": "6 held for loot bid at Nirma chief's house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch has arrested six persons including two Mumbai-based gangsters and a woman for their involvement in a loot attempt at the bungalows of Nirma's chairman Karsan Patel.In January, a gang of armed goons broke into the sprawling campus that houses Patel's two bungalows along SG Highway. The gang members, who had a revolver and sticks, beat up four security guards and tied them up. However, they left the premises without executing the loot.Joint police commissioner, city crime branch, Mohan Jha said that the gang had a tip-off that they would get around Rs 100 crore in the bungalows but when they entered the premises they saw the armed guards and decided to return without carrying out the loot.The six arrested include Bhagwan Rabari, Bismillah Banu Saiyed, Sikandar Langha, Mohammed Raza Shaikh, Javed Pathan and Mohammed Firoz Shaikh. One Mustafa Qayyum is still absconding.Jha said that the operation to nab the accused was carried out jointly by the city crime branch and the district police of Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar.After the incident, the crime branch got a tip-off that the operation was planned in Bhuj jail. It was Shiva Mudaliar, an accused arrested in connection with narcotics trade who had allegedly masterminded the loot operation. He had entrusted Mumbai-based Mustafa Qayyum to carry out the operation.Mustafa had come to Kadi in Mehsana district about a week before the incident. He was accompanied by one Haroon who had worked as a security guard in the bungalows. It was Haroon who provided them with the map and the geographical details of the bungalows.In Kadi, they came in contact with one Bismillah alias Baby who was close to Shiva. Baby arranged for the logistics and the vehicle for the operation. She too accompanied them at the crime scene and had hidden weapons in her purse. When they entered the premises, Baby was sitting in the car.When the members checked the attendance register of security guards kept in security cabin, they realized that 15 armed guards were present at the crime scene and left the area without executing their plan.The six arrested have confessed that they were involved in several other loots in the state. They informed the police that they had other plans which include murder of Gova Rabari a gangster lodged in Vadodara jail for his involvement in a murder.They had plans to carry out angadia loot in Kadi and Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "national conference on enhancing the people factor", "code": "12109228", "title": "National Conference on HR held in New Delhi", "text": "National Conference on Enhancing the People Factor: HR Issues and Challenges, a two-day event organised by the University School of Management Studies, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, was held in New Delhi on February 24-25. The conference was aimed at providing a common platform for the corporate leaders, management practitioners, thinkers, activists, academicians and students to deliberate on various issues, challenges, and strategies required by corporate sector for managing the most important, yet very vulnerable human resource, in a complex and highly competitive global environment.The conference was not only graced by academicians in the area of HR but also by distinguished and renowned people from industry. The chief guest for the programme was AK Balyan, MD and CEO, Petronet LNG, who appraised the audience to the evolving nature of the human resources discipline and the pertinent issues that lie ahead. The conference was also attended by Abhishek Tiwari, head HR, KPMG and Hari Nair, Group Head HR, Jay Bharat Maruti and Sunil Mudreja, executive director, Amar Ujala.DK Bandyopadhyay, vice-chancellor, GGS Indraprastha University emphasised onn the synergy required between HR managers and other departments of an organisation. Anu Singh Lather, dean, USMS in her welcome address talked about the strategic importance of HR in the success story of any organisation.The conference not only witnessed the presence of the dignitaries on the dias but also gracious presence of who's who in the area of HR from a basket of renowned companies.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "abohar", "code": "12105345", "title": "Man injects wife with HIV to wed lover?", "text": "ABOHAR: A woman has registered a police complaint alleging that her husband had given her an HIV-infected saline injection about two years ago to kill her to marry his paramour at Abohar in Punjab's Fazilka district.The woman said she had married Sunil Kumar in March 2006 before he went to study in Bathinda, where he fell in love with a classmate. The classmate asked Kumar to divorce his wife as she learnt that he was married.But when his wife refused to divorce him, Kumar and his paramour stole a sample of HIV-infected blood from a laboratory and injected it while administering her saline.The complainant said she noticed the saline was red in colour and pointed it out to her husband. But Kumar told her that it was mixed with some anti-biotic.The woman complained after she was diagnosed with HIV. She was referred to PGI Chandigarh for treatment. On the basis of the probe carried out by doctors, a case has been registered against Kumar and his paramour.Abohar SP Varinder Singh Brar said a team has been constituted to nab the accused, who are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103748", "title": "Cops rescue three from burning car on highway", "text": "NEW DELHI: A daring rescue act on the Ghazipur Flyover on Thursday restored some of the shine Delhi Police's PCR service lost in last month's New Friends Colony assault case. As three men trapped in a burning Maruti Eco struggled to break out, a PCR team responded promptly to an emergency call and helped them escape certain death.Around 5am, Mumtaz Khan (22), Rahul Patil and Ishrar, were driving to Kaushambi across the Delhi border from IGI Airport with some spare parts. As their van slowed on NH-24 near the border, a truck hit it on the side, and it hurtled ahead even under the pressure of brakes. The sliding doors had seized after the impact and the van burst into flames as soon as it stopped.Mumtaz, who was driving, said, \"We tried our best to break the glass but couldn't. The cabin had begun to heat up and flames were lapping at the sides. Luckily, the policemen appeared and rescued us with people's help.\"Police said a passerby made an emergency call around 10 minutes to 5am. The PCR vehicle reached the accident site within three minutes. \"It was difficult to rescue them as the van was in flames and we were not able to reach the windows. We broke the window on the driver's side with a rod and helped them out,\" said a member of the rescue unit.Israr, who was in the rear seat, suffered 30% burn injuries. All three were taken to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital where Mumtaz and Rahul were discharged after first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103842", "title": "Speeding car rams into two pedestrians in south Delhi, crashes into pit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were injured when a speeding car rammed into them in the Chhatarpur area of south Delhi.Witness said the driver of the car was speeding. In an attempt to avoid hitting a bike on its right, he crashed into the duo before falling into a three-foot pit dug up by the Delhi Jal Board. The driver managed to flee the spot.Police said the pit had been properly barricaded. The injured, Sunil and Ghanshyam, are residents of Chhatarpur Extension, police said. A case has been registered for rash and negligent driving. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108139", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s \u2018jaw pain\u2019 returns", "text": "The actor, who underwent a surgery for trigeminal neuralgia, has been complaining of a knot in his jaw latelyAugust 2011, while many of his fans prayed for his good health, Salman Khan flew out to the United States of America to undergo treatment for Trigeminal Neuralgia, a nervous disorder the actor had been detected with.After a five-hour-long surgery that involved removing blockages inside his mouth using coils and a few weeks of recuperation, the actor had come back home to start work on his YRF project. And while shooting for the Kabir Khan film in Cuba last month, Salman started experiencing pain again. According to a source from the film unit, \"Salman is feeling a knot in his jaw.\"Last year, when Salman had to eventually go for treatment overseas, he had been experiencing acute pain in his jaw. In fact, he wasn't being able to eat properly. A return of the pain, though in a much lesser intensity is therefore a point of worry for the actor.While one may suspect that the strenuous stunts involved in the film might have triggered Salman's condition again, the source from the unit said that Salman never showed any sign of discomfort while he was shooting.Describing Salman's attitude towards the condition, a close friend of the actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"Salman is on medication for the same. But he doesn't worry about it much. People suffer from all kinds of conditions - blood pressure, diabetes , cholesterol. This too a physical condition. This doesn't mean that it will deter Salman from living his life to the fullest.Salman started experiencing this health problem about seven years back. The nagging pain however, vanished completely in a couple of years only to reappear in June last year.Despite repeated attempts of getting in touch, Salman remained unavailable.Trigeminal Neuralgia is curable. It can resurface if the surgery was not done properly - Prof Aadil S ChaglaDoctors SpeakProf Aadil S ChaglaTrigeminal Neuralgia is curable. It can resurface after a surgery but that depends on how the surgery was done. If it is done well, 90-96 per cent cases do not experience a recurrence.I operated on the Principal of St Mary School, for Trigeminal Neuralgia. He is now a priest in Infant Jesus shrine in Nashik. He has been perfectly fine after the operation.Dr. Janak Nathan I would say Trigeminal Neuralgia is controllable. It can be controlled with surgery and/or medication. There are no dos and don'ts. But yes, it can resurface after two years or maybe even after two months. The triggering factor could be something cold - food or even a breeze. It's all very individualistic.Dr. Paresh Doshi If one undergoes a brain operation to treat Trigeminal Neuralgia, the chances of recurrence are 10 per cent. But the latest and safer procedure is to treat it with Radio Frequency Coagulation, where the chances of recurrence are 15 per cent. If the brain operation does not yield fruitful results, one has to undergo Radio Frequency Coagulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103715", "title": "Councillors oppose people\u2019s role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Like Delhi government's ambitious Bhagidari scheme, the concept of Resident Ward Committees (RWCs) was introduced to encourage public participation in civic governance last year. But of 272 wards, RWCs have been formed in just 80 wards. And only about 50 are active. Though the proposal to form RWCs was unanimously passed last year, it has not gone down well with several BJP and Congress councillors.Five months into the formation of RWCs, RWAs claim they are facing stiff opposition from councillors. Despite this, the BJP has allocated Rs 34 crore -Rs 12 lakh per ward- for development work involving public participation. A sum of Rs 2.4 crore has been allocated to each RWA registered under the RWC scheme.BJP councillor from Rajinder Nagar, Mool Chand Chawla, claims that RWC is a \"rubbish concept\". He says he doesn't require suggestions from RWAs for the development of the ward. \"I'm in touch with RWAs and I routinely take rounds of my area, then what is the need for RWCs?'' questioned Chawla. In his area, 13 RWAs - which have come together to form an RWC - had submitted details of their meeting to Chawla. \"He refused to accept our suggestion. Politicians have to understand that the public can play a major role in better governance,'' said Dinesh Malik, convenor, Rajinder Nagar RWC.Several councillors are not ready to involve RWAs in the decision-making process. \"Why should we consult RWAs before spending the funds? They are welcome to share their problems with us, but the decision to spend funds lies with us,\" said Congress councillor from Shahpur Jat, Jaishree Panwar.\"It took over three years to convince the councillors to participate in the RWC scheme. It was finally implemented last year. However, we are looking for more active participation from wards,\" said Sanjay Kaul, president, People's Action.Mayor Rajni Abbi said that after the MCD split there will no change in the RWC scheme. \"The scheme is independent of administrative changes at the civic body level and will remain a consultative committee between councillors and RWAs,\" said Abbi. The scheme entails the participation of RWAs in assisting area councillors in spending funds for the development of the ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105433", "title": "Six arrested for CA\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: An associate of slain factionalist Maddelacheruvu Suri was on Thursday arrested for murdering a chartered accountant in a land dispute case in Vijayawada.Addressing a news conference on Thursday, Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan said that six persons - T Raja Sekhar Reddy, K Srinivas Goud, Y Siddiramulu, D Rajesh Goud, Police Patel Mahesh and K Shiva Kumar - have been arrested for the February 22 murder of 65-year-old Vamaraju Chakrapani whose throat was slit with a surgical knife and his body burned.Police said that Chakrapani had bought a 4,800 square yard land in Vijayawada from Shambu Prasad &amp; Sons Pvt Ltd and Nageshwar Estates Pvt Ltd. Subsequently, a civil dispute arose between Shambu Prasad and Chakrapani over the land.Meanwhile, Raja Sekhar Reddy, an accused in the Jubilee Hills bomb blast case, too, was sold the same property by someone else.\"Raja Sekhar tried to convince Chakrapani to relinquish his claim to the land for Rs 3 crore but the CA demanded Rs 17 crore. It was then that Raja Sekhar hatched a plan to eliminate Chakrapani,\" Khan said.It was at this time that recovery agent Srinivas Goud came in contact with Raja Sekhar Reddy and struck an acquaintance.\"Raja Sekhar assigned the task of murdering Chakrapani to Srinivas Goud who in turn accomplished the task with four associates,\" the commissioner informed.On February 22, as Chakrapani was exiting the offices of Lions Club, Srinivas, along with four associates, hit him with a car and made it look like an accident.\"Later, giving an impression that they were shifting the victim to hospital, they took Chakrapani to Medak district and killed the CA en route.\"They then took the body to Kandi village where it was burnt to conceal evidence,\" Khan added.Police said that the culprits have also confessed that they had planed to kill a film producer in connection with another land dispute.Khan refused to divulge any more details about that case saying that the matter was still under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12104256", "title": "Absconder reappears in time for polls", "text": "THANE: A Congress corporator who has been absconding for over a year presented himself before poll officers on Thursday in Thane, triggering a political storm.Raja Gavari, who is wanted by the Thane police for his alleged involvement in murder and extortion cases, reportedly called on divisional commissioner S S Sandhu to submit his election certificate and declare his support for the Congress in the mayoral polls.Gavari's support is crucial for the Congress-NCP combine as a single vote could tilt the scales in the March 6 polls to elect Thane's first citizen.\"Gavari, who is wanted by the police since the last 13 months, was escorted to Sandhu's office in a car which had a red beacon on it. We have urged the Thane commissioner to probe the issue and nail the culprit,\" said Shiv Sena leader Eknath Shinde. He added that the police should take adequate precautions to prevent Gavari from entering the corporation premises on election day.The Congress chose to remain silent on the issue and declined to make any statements to confirm or reject the charge. Sanjay Kelkar of the BJP said, \"He should first present himself before a court of law and then come to the august house to vote. Even Suresh Kalmadi , A Raja and Kanimozhi were denied permission by the court to attend Parliament. Gavari too is an accused and he should not be allowed to participate in the polls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12106211", "title": "2 minor fire incidents reported", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two minor incidents of fire were reported from the city between Wednesday night and Thursday morning from two different localities which led to panic among local residents. However the situation was brought under control by the personnel of fire brigade who arrived on the spot and doused the flames.In the first incident, fire broke out inside the premises of a closed battery manufacturing unit in South Road, Civil Lines on Wednesday night sending the neighbours and passersby running helter and skelter.F l a m e s leaping out of the premises threatened to engulf houses in the adjoining areas but timely arrival of fire brigade personnel prevented the situation from going out of control as they managed to extinguish the flames within a very short time.In the second incident, panic gripped Vikas Bhawan area near Collectorate under Colonelgunj police station on Thursday morning after an LPG cylinder being used by a roadside tea vendor accidentally caught fire.Locals rushed to the spot to douse the flames by pouring sand and water but it was finally extinguished by the fire brigade staff who arrived at the spot on receiving information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12104844", "title": "Cop nailed in journo assault", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's penchant to label any incident that might embarrass the government as \"concocted\" or \"staged\" backfired yet again on Thursday when an internal probe by Kolkata Police found constable Tarak Das guilty of attacking journalists in south Kolkata's Ganguly Bagan during Tuesday's bandh.Das has been suspended and faces a departmental inquiry, say sources.In the recent past, the CM has jumped the gun several times, only to end up in an embarrassing situation. She termed the Park Street and Katwa rape cases concocted through both cases are still being investigated. In the Park Street incident, the police even made arrests after reconstructing the crime.Though the Kolkata Police top brass at Lalbazar remained tightlipped on the fate of the constable, sources said Tarak had been found guilty of misdemeanor on bandh day when the constable, clad in a green T-shirt, led a mob of Trinamool Congress activists into the CPM office. When video-journalists tried to film the incident, they were brutally thrashed.News footage of the incident was beamed live but the chief minister insisted that it was \"staged\".DC, south suburban division, Biswarup Ghosh, who was asked to probe the matter, found Tarak's involvement in Tuesday's fracas. During the investigation, complaints against the constable made in the past in the locality tumbled out. According to the complaints, Tarak had brandished his service revolver more than once to threaten locals.Last year, a string of complaints were filed against the complaint including the thrashing of a retired employee of Garia's Dinabandhu Andrews College in July and locking up of a school headmaster in Bagha Jatin during the school committee election and an attack on the students' union general secretary of Dinabandhu Andrews College in December.In all the cases, Tarak went scot free. Till video-footage nailed him in Tuesday's incident.Following Ghosh's report, DC Port Mehboob Rahman suspended Tarak from service. Jadav Das, another constable whose name also figured repeatedly during the course of the investigation, escaped indictment because he was not present on the spot on Tuesday.Ironically, Trinamool Congress leaders Partha Chatterjee and Firhad Hakim led a rally in the belt on Thursday evening to \"expose the staged ransacking of the CPM office and assault on scribes\". The rally was in response to CPM's protest march, led by former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, on Wednesday that drew a spontaneous response. Mamata is slated to stage a rally in the same area on Saturday to \"foil CPM's bid to defame the government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105757", "title": "'Lesa covering up high voltage accidents'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a glaring revelation, the directorate of safety has stated that power officials have been covering up accidents arising out of high voltage, which often damages household goods. The directorate's observation came on a petition filed by the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhokta Parishad, a day after high voltage damaged household goods in two houses of Utretia locality.Director (safety), Vijay Pal Singh in a notice issued to authorities of Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) said that despite provisions in the Electricity Act 1956, the authorities have not been informing the directorate about the incidents. Parishad in a statement said that Lesa has been issuing one sided observation that the incident was not that of high voltage.According to Section-44 of the Electricity Act 1956, the directorate has to be informed about the incident within a period of 24 to 48 hours, after which an official may inspect the site and submit its report. In case of fault on the part of Lesa, compensation may be paid to the affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105051", "title": "Kolkata outshines other cities in school education", "text": "KOLKATA: Never mind if we have to accept the superiority of Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore in the fields of business and commerce, we are still the best when it comes to school education. A survey carried out recently by Wipro in association with an educational research organization shows that Kolkata is head and shoulders above Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore in scholastic quality.A total of 16 top schools from each city were considered for the survey that consisted of exams and viva voce on Maths, English and Science. Though the names of the city schools considered for the survey were not divulged, the surveyors revealed that of the 16 top schools, 64% are affiliated to ICSE, 7% to CBSE and 29% to the West Bengal board. \"Most of the top ICSE schools from Kolkata that were considered for the survey are Anglo Indian schools controlled by either the CNI or the Catholic Church. However, Kolkata ICSE schools in question are much ahead of schools in the other cities that we considered,\" said a spokesperson from the social and community initiatives cell of Wipro.According to the survey, christened Quality Education Study (QES), there is a clear gap of 10 percentage points between leader Kolkata and trailer Bangalore. The study was conducted among a total of 23,000 students of classes IV, VI and VIII in the five cities. The survey result states that Kolkata has topped while Delhi has clinched the second position each time. The other positions have been interchanged among Bangalore, Mumbai and Chennai.Take the case of Maths. In the study conducted for proficiency levels among students of Class VI, Kolkata has managed to finish at 53.2%, Delhi at 48.6, Mumbai at 42.9, Chennai at 41.4 and Bangalore at 38.7. When the same exam was conducted for Class-VIII students, Kolkata again occupied the first position at 66.8, Delhi 63.7, Bangalore 62.5, Chennai 60.8 and Mumbai 54.7.Even in case of English, Kolkata managed to stride ahead of the others with aplomb. At a test conducted for Class-IV kids, Kolkata finished at 48.8%, Delhi at 42.7, Mumbai at 41.2, Chennai at 39.8 and Bangalore at 36.5. In case of the results for a test of English for Class VIII, Kolkata maintained its sway with 53.5, Delhi 50.5, Chennai 47.4, Mumbai 47.2 and Bangalore 45.7.\"The participating schools were from ICSE, CBSE and respective state boards. We have found that Kolkata has been able to top the survey because of the excellent performance of the ICSE schools considered in our sample. The CBSE schools have not been able to perform that well. Also, the performance of the schools belonging to the West Bengal board has been poorer compared to the national boards,\" said Vaijayanthi Shankar, spokesperson for Educational Initiatives, that partnered with Wipro for the survey.The survey compares the performance of the state boards too and has found that the West Bengal board is at par with the Karnataka board and fared slightly better than Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra boards, when it came to Science and Maths.\"However, there are some causes of concern and we have alerted the respective principals and teachers about them. Even the best performing schools have performed below the international average at the class IV level, though students matched the international performance level by the time they are in class VIII,\" explained Shrikant Sreedharan of Wipro.\"There's more. Even the top schools exhibit rote learning. They have not been able to display the analytical skills that were expected of students of such top schools,\" he explained.T H Ireland, principal, St James' School, sounded happy though he did not want to reveal if his school was part of the survey. \"It is heartening to know that Kolkata schools have performed so well. The approach of ICSE schools to education is very modern. There are many firsts like the way we allow a lot of freedom to kids when it comes to choice of subjects in board exams. We have set several trends and I am happy that these are being appreciated.\"Birla High School principal Mukta Nain, principal was equally ecstatic. \"This makes me happy. We have been able to make a mark as far as school education is concerned,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12111391", "title": "Prateik Babbar walks the ramp for Masaba", "text": "Actor Prateik Babbar walked the ramp for designer Masaba at Lakme Fashion Week.Masaba Gupta is one of the most promising designers Indian fashion has seen emerge over the past two years. Known for her boho and vibrant indo-western fusion, sari, dhoti-pants, the designer is a favourite of most celebs. Sonam Kapoor , Vidya Balan , Mandira Bedi have been seen wearing a Masaba quite often.For her show on day one of LFW Summer-resort 2012, Prateik Babbar walked the ramp as a showstopper for the young designer.Prateik carried off the youthful appeal of the designs very well although he seemed a little nervous. This was Prateik's second show as a showstopper. He had first walked the ramp for designer Kunal Rawal about a year back.Masaba loyalist, Mandira Bedi attended the show .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104224", "title": "Soon, tribal corps to fight Reds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government is finalizing a series of decisions to increase military presence across the Naxal belt in east and central India. Among them is a plan to raise the first Territorial Army battalion comprising local tribals.While sources insisted that the strategy was to increase military presence and no operations were planned, the move could deny many local advantages enjoyed by the Naxals. With a locals-only 'Home and Hearth' battalion and several military stations and training centres all over the tribal belt of central India, the Centre's strategy will give the military deep local presence and contacts.A senior source said the Cabinet Committee on Security may soon approve setting up of the first Territorial Army battalion comprising tribals from the Naxal-affected areas of central India. Referred to as the 'Home and Hearth' battalion, it will provide the Army over 1,000 trained, tribal soldiers who can be effective in a whole host of activities including intelligence gathering. In states such as Meghalaya, 'Home and Hearth' battalions have been proposed to carry out intelligence gathering among other things.Sources said the government is also in the final stages of approving three significantly large military stations or training centres in the Maoist affected areas. First is the proposal to set up a National School for Counter Insurgency at Saraipali in Mahasamund district of Chhattisgarh.The second proposal is for a fully fledged military station at Chakarbhata near Raipur. Sources said the government is starting land acquisition for the station. Earlier reports had speculated that the Army wanted to shift its Special Forces Training School from Nahan, Himachal Pradesh to Chakarbhata.The third is the decision to ensure a regular military presence in the Narainpur Maneuver Range in Chhattisgarh. An official said the effort is to ensure that a brigade size Army training group is present at any point of time in the range. Army troops have in the past practiced in the range.\"Almost all these proposals are nearing approvals,\" a senior official said. He said the intent of the government was to \"ensure military presence\" all over the Naxal area, while avoiding operational commitments. Though the home ministry has been keen to have Rashtriya Rifles, the paramilitary force fully manned by Army personnel, the Army is not willing to shift them from Kashmir. Instead, the Army has suggested that the government raise fresh RR battalions for Naxal operations, a proposition not yet acceptable to the government.The present move of the government to ensure a visible military presence all over the Naxal belt is a major first step towards 'localization' of the military in the area. If the military is pushed into an operational mode, these preparations would provide a readymade platform and local resources to plunge into action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105843", "title": "'MC sanitation staff serving retired officers'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unable to solve sanitation problems, the municipal corporation (MC) often blames manpower scarcity. The Wednesday house meeting, however, brought to the fore another ailing aspect. Some of the members said over 300 employees of the MC sanitation wing were working in the houses of various retired and serving officers, who were not related to the civic body. And that the MC was paying them around Rs 16 lakh per month.According to the budget, almost all wings of the MC sanitation department require huge manpower. For instance: the department requires 800 \"safai karamcharis\", 20 sanitary inspectors, as many drivers, 16 butchers, over 35 cattle catchers and 10 dog catchers, among others. Councillor Subash Chawla said in the house, \"Around 300 employees of the sanitation wing are reportedly working for retired and serving officers, who are not associated with the MC. And many contractual employees of the wing are not going to the fields, but are drawing their salaries.\"Newly-appointed municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said the issue would be examined and the details tabled in the upcoming monthly house meeting. The problem was raised by some officials in the previous monthly meetings too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104410", "title": "Compensate family of Nalini: State Human Rights Commission", "text": "BANGALORE: Condemning the accidental death of CR Nalini, 24, during a mock drill last week, the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) directed the government to pay compensation of Rs 10 lakh to her family. In its Feb. 29 letter to the home department, SHRC asked the government to file its objection or respond within six weeks.\"We have found that the fire department failed to provide security during the mock drill and these securities are mandatory. The department failed to protect the girl,\" SHRC said. A welfare officer with a garment factory in Peenya, Nalini volunteered for the mock drill on February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12106345", "title": "3D street art draws crowd in Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: Vishal Bansal from Ramgarh town has brought 3D street art to this garrison city for the first time. His 3D art forces pedestrians to stop and gaze at the paintings.\"The 3D street art often known as 3D chalk art is a two dimensional art work drawn on streets that give a 3 dimensional optical illusion from a certain angle,\" explained Vishal, adding that it could be breathtakingly realistic..Vishal said that 3D art is very popular in the West and that several brands are taking advantage of the hype around the art form to sell their products. But the art is new in India.Vishal has created 3D street painting images at the Brigadier Puri Park NH-33 near the new bus stop in Ramgarh town. A number of visitors throng the park to have a look at the art.Vishal, who completed his schooling from the Vikas Vidyalaya in Ranchi and graduated from Calcutta University is, like his father, a trader by profession. He is also a sculptor having made several sculptures with chalk. \"I have created a number of theme-based sculptures with chalks,\" he said.O Vishal was formally trained in 3D street painting by Tracy Lee Stum of the US in February. Vishal said Lee is a top 3D street painter who finds a mention in the Guinness Book of World Records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12106373", "title": "Film director Sanjay Gupta booked for \u2018police forgery\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A promotional gimmick for a film has landed Bollywood filmmaker Sanjay Gupta in major trouble.The police booked him on Thursday for cheating and forgery for sending out invites to a movie launch event on letterheads that ostensibly misused the office of the city police commissioner and gave the impression that they were issued by the top cop. The filmmaker has been charged under several non-bailable sections and is likely to be arrested.On the top of the invites, which were sent to mediapersons early this week, is the heading 'The Police Commissioner's Office' , followed by an address in Bandra (West). In its bottom right corner is written 'Commissioner's Office' , followed by the same Bandra address ; just above it is a signature. The text of the invite states: \"The Commissioner of Police requests your presence... to address the sudden and dangerous rise of organized crime in the city\" . It also carries an ostensible seal of \"Bombay Police\" , with the national emblem in the middle.At the same time, the invites has some small giveaways. It is dated February 1981. The text under the national emblem is incorrect. Also, the Mumbai police commissioner's office, as it happens, is not in Bandra. The police said the use of the emblem and the fact that the invite was signed amounted to \"cheating\" . If found guilty of the charges made against him, Gupta can be sentenced to as many as seven years in jail. \"Someone cannot be allowed to cheat people in the name of creativity . The invite had the national emblem and 'Bombay Police' written around it. Further, it gave the impression that it was signed by the commissioner,\" said Nandkumar Mhetar, senior police inspector at Versova police station.For his part, Sanjay Gupta said, \"It was nothing more than innovative and creative marketing. It was an invite sent only to the media and not to the public. In any case, it had a disclaimer that it was not a summons and was purely for publicity and promotional purposes.\" An officer said the police decided to act in the case because similar ruses had been used in the past to cheat people. They summoned Gupta on Thursday to record his statement but were informed that he was out of town. \"We have registered a case against Gupta and will take action after preliminary investigation. We are finding the people who prepared the stamp and who signed as police commissioner,\" said Pratap Dighavkar, deputy commissioner of police (zone 9). The police are also investigating if the film's producer, Balaji Motion Pictures, and the web portal Glamsham.com had any role in the promotional gimmick.Gupta is not new to controversies . He was in news for allegedly talking to Pakistan-based gangster Chhota Shakeel over the phone in 2000 while he was in Nashik along with actor Sanjay Dutt. The police booked Gupta on Thursday under Indian Penal Code sections 417 (cheating), 419 (cheating by personation), 468 (forgery), 469 (forgery to harm reputation), 471 (using as genuine a forged document), 473 (making of counterfeit seal to commit forgery), 474 (having possession of forged document ), 475 (counterfeit mark used to authenticate document) read with 35, and section 66-D (cheating by personation) of Information Technology Act.Gimmicks known to boomerangMUMBAI: Film producers are going to extreme lengths and using every trick in and not in the book to promote their films. But do these ploys work? The jury is still out on the question. Recently, immediately after the news of Saif Ali Khan's brawl with a South African businessman broke on news channels, the incident got labelled by many on the internet as a publicity stunt. Though Khan denied the fight was a trick to raise interest in his forthcoming film, \"the impression that went to the public was negative and negative publicity does not really work in favour of a film,\" said trade analyst Amod Mehra. Film promotion today is usually guided by marketing teams that use every possible opportunity to garner attention-be it good or bad. \"We are focusing too much on marketing and forgetting that good content ultimately works,\" said publicity designer Rahul Nanda.A few years ago, a promotion manager wanted to plant stories of a conflict between two male co-stars to publicize a film. The idea was shot down by one of the actors.In 2002, actor Manisha Koirala objected to the use of a body double for a nude scene in her film 'Ek Chhotisi Love Story' . Before the movie's release, she took the producer to court, demanded a stay on the release and asked that the contentious scene be deleted.Another of Koirala's films got roiled in controversy in the '90s. Before the opening of the movie 'Criminal' , an ad-headlined Manisha Koirala found dead-was placed in papers. The gimmick boomeranged and a case was filed against the producers and the actor.Film writer Dilip Thakur said, \"Today filmmakers are unrepentant . In the past it was different. I remember promotional stills from 'Ram Teri Ganga Maili' showing Mandakini bathing under a waterfall and of her kissing Rajiv Kapoor were sent out to the media. But no sooner did Raj Kapoor realize that they would hurt the film that he sent out a clarification.\"A marketing strategist said, \"Stunts for the sake of stunts are passe. Nobody today will watch a film because of a controversy since every second film is controversial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104874", "title": "Deboo, Bhate to rock Shaniwarwada festival", "text": "PUNE: Contemporary dance elements and a dedication to Bharat Ratna Pandit Bhimsen Joshi via classical elements from Kathak will provide artistic respite to connoisseurs at the 11th edition of the Shaniwarwada Dance Festival. The programme will be held at the iconic landmark on March 16, 6.30 pm onwards.The evening will kick-start with 'Nirakar-Sakar,' a 30-min performance conceptualised and choreographed by senior Kathak exponent Shama Bhate, as a dedication to Pandit Joshi. It will feature her troupe from Naad-Roop, who will present seven different 'bandishein' including 'bhajan,' 'thumri,' 'bandish' and 'tarana' that elevate the stylised characteristics of Kathak.This will be followed by 'Rhythm Divine,' a 70-min contemporary dance performance by renowned dancer and Padma Shri awardee Astad Deboo. Accompanying him will be a troupe of eight dhoti-clad Pungcholam drummers from Manipur. The piece has been done in collaboration with Guru Seityaban Singh of Manipur.\"The festival is an effort to present works by renowned artistes to Pune, as well as to promote local dance schools by providing them a platform to perform,\" said Sabina Sanghvi, chairperson of the festival committee.Festival patron and actor Jackie Shroff said, \"We need to respect our cultural and artistic heritage the way we respect our parents and grandparents. Every child should at least learn classical dance, music or an art form intrinsic to our country, in order to preserve our heritage. We are trying to contribute to this process through this festival,\" said Shroff.Senior Kathak danseuse and festival committee member, Maneesha Sathe said the festival is initiating a positive change in people's outlook towards their own dance and music.\"This festival has, in a way, stoked people's curiosity in classical dance and music. In the last few years, we are seeing an increase in the number of audiences, particularly younger people. But we still need larger crowds to attend,\" said Sathe. Deboo will be performing in the city after a gap of 12 years. The festival includes an interaction by Deboo with students from citybased dance schools.\"This year onwards, we will have a session whereby students from local dance schools will be able to interact with artistes of international repute performing at the festival,\" Sanghvi said. Passes will be available from March 8 onwards at Poona Club, PYC Gymkhana, Balgandharva Rangmandir and Yashwantrao Chavan auditorium, Kothrud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105027", "title": "Osama film turns Chandigarh into 'Abbottabad', locals irked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Ramesh Kumar reached his shop on Thursday morning in the city's Manimajra area, he was left dumbstruck. Overnight, his Shriram Kiryana Store had changed into Lahori Pehelwan ki Lassi, written in Urdu. And, Apsara Silk Store owner Parmanand Sariya kept rubbing his eyes in disbelief, watching his store transformed into Farhan Meat and Chicken Shop.But puzzled shop-owners of Manimajra, who found themselves virtually \"transported\" to Pakistan , were in no mood to be a part of the shooting of Kathryn Bigelow's 'Zero Dark Thirty' or ZD 30, a film on the hunting down of Osama bin Laden by US marines in Abbottabad. The Academy award winner for best director for the film 'The Hurt Locker' had chosen Chandigarh for the shoot. The team shot in the city's Sector-15 on Wednesday and in Patiala a week ago. The shop-owners in the area, about 35 of them, are members of the Manimajra Beopar Mandal, and are planning to meet Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh on Friday to sort out the issue.\"I was surprised to find the board of my shop changed. The whole area remained out of bounds for people and we had no buyers coming in,\" said Sariya.\"We have a number of problems: First, no buyers are allowed between 7am and 6.30pm when the shooting is on. Second, we can't load or unload goods, and all our signboards have been changed. We have also not been assured payment for using our premises,\" said president of Manimajra Beopar Mandal Malkit Singh. The 530-member unit refused to speak to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "when a model exudes natural elan, it speaks volumes about fashion photography. norman parkinson's lens captured those subtle emotions that are often lost to the naked eye. models photographed by the british icon in india in 1956 breathe. nathaniel gaskell, co-curator of parkinson's works, pink is the navy blue of india, says, \"not many photographers shot models in that era. parkinson has been credited for shooting them outside of the studio. the images are spontaneous and filled with humour.\" relaxed, confident and totally at ease, parkinson's models, encased in frames, are very real. \"one thing that's apparent in his pictures is the relationship he shared with his models. this translates into natural expressions,\" explains gaskell. norman parkinson - pink is the navy blue of india at tasveer gallery, sua house, kasturba cross road till march 20, 6", "code": "12104837", "title": "Between the strings &amp; expressions of life", "text": "When a model exudes natural elan, it speaks volumes about fashion photography. Norman Parkinson's lens captured those subtle emotions that are often lost to the naked eye. Models photographed by the British icon in India in 1956 breathe. Nathaniel Gaskell, co-curator of Parkinson's works, Pink is the Navy Blue of India, says, \"Not many photographers shot models in that era. Parkinson has been credited for shooting them outside of the studio. The images are spontaneous and filled with humour.\" Relaxed, confident and totally at ease, Parkinson's models, encased in frames, are very real. \"One thing that's apparent in his pictures is the relationship he shared with his models. This translates into natural expressions,\" explains Gaskell. Norman Parkinson - Pink is the Navy Blue of India At Tasveer Gallery, Sua House, Kasturba Cross Road Till March 20, 6:30pm to 8:30pmExpressions wear myriad colours and come alive through stories that stand still in time. They come alive in just 10 minutes even as Bangalore's theatre enthusiasts battle it out on stage to make it to the top 10 Short+Sweet selection of plays to be performed at the grand finale on Sunday. Theatreperson Anita Mithra, after experimenting with a series of short plays last year, thought it a good idea to bring the 10-minute play fest to Bangalore. \"I realized that the fest was already in flow in various cities, so contacted Alex Broun, the world's leading 10-minute play specialist,\" she says. Broun has, over the past few days, given wing to an extempore of expressions in the city. \"Last weekend saw some fantastic work by theatre groups, some of who had original scripts and others who used adapted ones. This weekend, too, has a grand score ahead. Watch out for Jimmy Xavier, who is performing a monologue Borys, the Rottweiler and Prashant Sankaran's script Pixie, with Chetan Rao in the lead,\" says Broun. And vote for your favourite play! At Ranga Shankara March 2, 3 and 4, 7.30pmVote for new actors and vibrant scripts. Bringing to the fore a plethora of expressions are the Crossroad Serenaders with The King, The Queen, an English adaptation of a Bengali script. \"We are a group of IT professionals who formed this unit to give ourselves respite from our daily routine. We chose to perform famed author and poet Sunil Gangopadhyay's play The King, The Queen, simply because no one knows he's written a play as well,\" says Pratim Bose. Proceeds of the show will got to Riddhi Foundation, an NGO that runs schools for underprivileged children. The King, The Queen At ADA Ranga Mandira March 3, 4pm and 7.30pm March 4, at 3.30pm and 7.30pmJazz strums the rhythm of life. As part of its silver jubilee celebrations, Bangalore School of Music (BSM) strums the rhythm of jazz. \"We wanted to present all those musicians who have been associated with BSM. It was Jagadish MR's idea of having this fest and his band Moonarra has an interesting range,\" says Aruna Sunderlala, founder, BSM. The repertoire of the jazz fest reflects youth and energy. Lined up are performances by Rex Rozario &amp; KAYA Quintet, Peter Dickson - Flamenco Fusion &amp; Traffic Jam, MoonArra &amp; Manoj George 4 Strings. \"It's a very interesting fusion and within the realm of jazz itself,\" says Aruna. So feel the world go round, as Peter Dickson strums his two-headed guitar and the jazzmen unravel a whole new world. March 2: Rex Rozario &amp; KAYA Quintet March 3: Peter Dickson - Flamenco Fusion &amp; Traffic Jam; March 4: MoonArra &amp; Manoj George 4 Strings At Alliance Francaise, 7pmDelve into the world of women as online library EasyLib turns 10. Authors Jahnavi Baruva, Shinie Antony and Samhita Arni are all set to read and interact with book lovers. At EasyLib, Koramangala On March 3, 5pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12110522", "title": "Pakistan woman tortured, paraded in streets for 'anti-Islam views'", "text": "Lahore: A Christian woman was brutally tortured and paraded in the streets of a village in Pakistan's Punjab province by a mob for her alleged \"anti-Islam views\", local residents and police officials said today.Some 30 residents of Kot Meerath village of Sialkot district, 80 km from Lahore, dragged Seema Bibi out of her house on February 26 and paraded her in the streets after shaving her head.She was targeted by the mob for her alleged \"anti-Islam views\", members of the Christian community said.Following the assault, Seema Bibi and her family left the village to save their lives, local residents said.\"She and her family had been facing threats from a group of extremist villagers. She left the village as she had no other option,\" said Aslam Masih, a resident of Kot Meerath.Regional police chief Muhammad Amin told reporters that 26 people had been arrested on charges of torturing Seema Bibi and a case had been registered against them.Amin said police had no knowledge of the whereabouts of Seema Bibi and her family.Amin said the arrested people had tortured and assaulted Seema Bibi for her beliefs.Police had stepped up their vigil due to tensions between Muslims and Christians in the village, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12104954", "title": "No breakthrough in man burning case", "text": "GAYA: Breakthrough eludes Gaya police in the sensational incident in which a man was found burnt inside an abandoned bus on Wednesday morning. The burnt man was identified as Md Usman, a shelterless man occasionally doing odd jobs to earn his livelihood.Being shelterless, Usman used to spend the night inside the abandoned bus. The bus lay abandoned near the Panchaiti Akhara police outpost for about four months.According to City DSP Rakesh Kumar, no evidence of Usman having enmity with anybody has so far emerged during the course of investigation. The police were very much on the job to solve the mystery, he said. The bus was bolted from outside and the burning man tried in vain to escape by breaking open the glass on the backside of the bus.Though the police are reluctant to reveal the line of investigation, sources say that the incident was also being probed from the insurance claim angle. Sources say that the man accidentally got burnt as the real motive may have been to put the old vehicle on fire to make insurance claims. Those who torched the abandoned bus on fire may have been unaware of the fact that someone was sleeping in the bus. But the question remains as to who bolted the bus from outside.Asked whether the bus owner had been questioned by the police, Kumar said that the bus owner was out of station and as such he had not been questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12104143", "title": "Decks cleared for cath lab at Super Specialty Hospital, Government Medical College and Hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Decks have finally been cleared for the much-awaited cath lab and other infrastructure development at Super Specialty Hospital (SSH) and Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) as part of the Rs 150 crore upgradation plan under Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY).Principal secretary of medical education IS Chahal placed orders for 56 equipment costing Rs 14.3 crore with the respective manufacturing companies, including the cath lab, in the past week. Acting chief of directorate of medical education and research (DMER) Dr Pravin Shingare told TOI that the work on the GMCH upgradation is going on at the right pace.\"The existing cath lab's life is already over. The secretary has already placed orders for procuring equipment for the lab. The total expenditure on the lab being set up by Wipro Electronics is expected to be Rs 4.66 crore. But it will be another three months before the lab becomes fully functional and the hospital could begin taking up heart procedures,'' said GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar.GMCH had received the first instalment of the financial aid of Rs 40 crore from the union government under PMSSY. It has to spend this money first to seek the second instalment from the remaining Rs 85 crore. The college began expediting the process in the last few months so as not to miss out on the remaining aid as the central government would not release the next instalment if the first is not used. Out of the state's contribution of Rs 25 crore required for construction works, including the trauma centre, the Maharashtra government has so far released Rs 10 crore under the scheme.The other major equipment that have already been ordered and to be installed soon include multi-parameter monitors for Rs 1.20 crore, video endoscopes for Rs 21 lakh, ENT equipment costing Rs 21.36 lakh, phaco emulsification equipment for eyes for Rs 16.86 lakh, microscopes for Rs 49 lakh, video bronchoscopes for Rs 11 lakh, ventilators for both GMCH and SSH and blood grouping system equipment for Rs 16 lakh. The first few departments to be upgraded fully in the first phase include the eye or the ophthalmology and the ENT departments.The centralized clinical lab, also a much-awaited facility and the trauma centre, are expected to be completed within the next six months. The equipment for the trauma centre and the intensive care unit, would also be brought in the same duration.Though the college dean claims that the process for procurement of the equipment and their installation is in full swing, sources in the college said that the construction work of the trauma centre is going on at a snail's pace mainly due to the pathetic attitude and bureaucratic hassles on the part of public works department (PWD). The work on the digital library is on track and almost 90% construction is already over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12103282", "title": "Police team unearths octroi evasion", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rare case, a police team has unearthed octroi evasion on February 28 making Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) richer by Rs 1.65 lakh. An NMC press release said police team led by API DN Jadhav stopped two mini trucks laden with goods. Jadhav enquired about the goods and suspected something suspicious. He then reported them to assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram. Meshram sent the team led octroi inspectors Sumer Gajbhiye and Vilas Chahande to the spot. The team also went to the godown and found huge quantity of goods brought in without paying octroi. The drivers and owner of the godown Aziz Khan failed to show octroi receipt. The team seized goods packed in 48 sacks along with the vehicles. Later, the owner of the goods paid the penalty of Rs 1.65 lakh and got the vehicles and goods released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104086", "title": "India, China hold maiden maritime talks to foster mutual trust", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and China set up the maiden maritime dialogue on Thursday, hoping to clear the air on their mutual ambitions on sea. The decision came at the end of a meeting between Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi and S M Krishna here on Thursday. Yang is in India on an official visit in the run up to the BRICS summit scheduled for end-March. The maritime cooperation dialogue is being seen as a major confidence-building exercise between the two Asian powers since both aim to acquire \"blue water\" capability. The details of the dialogue, official sources said, were yet to be fleshed out, though it is believed that navy, coast-guard etc would be part of the interaction.The foreign ministers also had a brief discussion on the boundary issue, Krishna told journalists. The first meeting of a working mechanism to maintain \"peace and tranquility\" on the boundary is slated to be held in Beijing next week. MEA joint secretary Gautam Bambawale told journalists the working mechanism \"for appropriately handling border incidents and timely communication of information on the border situation,\" was decided after the 15th round of Special Representative (SR) talks last month.India and China also simultaneously held a counter-terrorism dialogue, with Ashoke Mukherjee, additional secretary in MEA, leading the Indian side. Xinjiang, China's restive western province, saw a major flare-up this week, leaving 12 dead. Last year, China had said the militants in Xinjiang received training from Pakistan , the strongest indictment of Pakistan's role in exporting terror.Trying to show that India had not left no stone unturned, Krishna said, \"Every possible issue that is raised whenever India-China dialogue takes place was raised and we have understood each other's position and we have understood the perspective and we will continue to exchange these.\" China had issued its regulation objection to defence minister A K Antony after he visited Arunachal Pradesh last week.Beijing has increased its presence in the Indian Ocean , with a new R&R; base in Seychelles and mining rights in south-central Indian Ocean. India has also stretched its own boundaries helping maintain sea lanes of communication (SLOCs) in the Malacca Straits as well as oil exploration in the South China Sea and a naval facility in Vietnam . China had objected to Indian presence in the area, but New Delhi pushed back on sovereignty issues, leading to some sharp exchanges during the East Asia Summit last year.A report that Brahmaputra had almost dried up in a town in Arunachal Pradesh, allegedly due to the diversion of Yarlung Tsangpo was denied by Krishna. Referring to his Parliament statement on the subject, he said the Indian satellite pictures show that there were no storage facilities in the dam at Zangmu, built by the Chinese.A press statement issued by the Chinese Embassy said, \"A stable and steadily growing China-India relationship is not only in the interest of the Chinese and Indian peoples but also conducive to peace, stability and prosperity in Asia and the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "12104010", "title": "Kalyan cops \u2018beat youth to death\u2019", "text": "KALYAN: Prashant Jadhav (25) died after he was allegedly beaten up by two patrolling policemen posted at Kolsewadi in Kalyan on Thursday morning.A resident of Chinchpada Road in Kalyan (E), he along with friends- Umesh Pagare and Rahul- were roaming around when assistant inspector S D Yadav and police constable Shailesh Shinde questioned them as they were 'drunk' at 1.30am.When Prashant argued with the cops, they allegedly beat him up in his friends' presence. Pagare claimed that Prashant started vomiting and fell unconscious when the cops thrashed him. The cops then allegedly told Prashant's friends to throw water on his face and leave the spot. The friends, thinking Prashant was sleeping, went to a vehicle nearby, where they slept through the night.When they woke up in the morning, they found Jadhav was not responding, and called up his younger brother, Kiran. Prashant was taken to Rukminibai hospital, where he was declared death.When the victim's family demanded a post-mortem at JJ Hospital, the Kolsewadi police insisted it be done at Rukminibai hospital itself. It was only after a protest by the family that they were permitted to take the body to JJ Hospital.Prashant, who worked as a security guard with a private company, had three brothers, while his father is retired.Kiran said, \"We want the policemen who took my brother's life to be punished as they only had the right to arrest but not kill.\"Shailesh Tiwari, a local resident, said the policemen's act was shocking, and he claimed that they often targeted youths for petty crimes.Manoj Patil, deputy commissioner of police (zone III), said, \"We have recorded the statements of both the deceased's friends and are awaiting the post-mortem report, on the basis of which we will register a case.\"The victim's family has demanded that the probe be handled by some other agency as the Kolsewadi police will try and protect their colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12105068", "title": "AI pilot reports drunk on duty, demoted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India has removed a senior pilot from his position of a training captain and also taken away all administrative duties from him for three years as a punishment for reporting to operate a flight in an inebriated condition.Captain Sebastian Joseph, deputy GM (operations), was caught drunk just before he was to operate flight AI-671/672 on the Chennai-Madurai-Chennai-Mu-mbai sector on February 3.Aviation minister Ajit Singh had sought a report from AI and the airline on Thursday informed him of this action. \"AI has also clarified that the captain was removed from the flight on February 3, 2012, immediately after he had tested positive on alcohol in the pre-flight medical test... Also as per civil aviation requirement of Directorate General of Civil Aviation , Capt Joseph was put off the roster for a period of three months immediately after the incident,\" the aviation ministry said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12104822", "title": "Warrant against Azhar for bounced cheque", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rubbishing Congress MP Mohammad Azharuddin's claim that he is the \"star campaigner\" in the UP polls and should be exempted from appearance before it, a Delhi court on Thursday issued non bailable warrant against him.Issuing the NBW for March 7, metropolitan magistrate Vikrant Vaid said Azharuddin was \"deliberately\" avoiding appearance before it in connection with a cheque-bouncing case. \"He (Azharuddin) is deliberately not appearing before the court,\" Vaid observed as Azharuddin's counsel said that his client is busy in the poll campaigning. The former Indian skipper moved the court seeking stay or cancellation of an NBW issued against him on February 18 and sought exemption from personal appearance on Thursday.\"This (being the star campaigner) is between you and the party. The court has nothing to do with it,\" the magistrate said when Azharuddin's counsel argued before the court that unavailability of his client to attend the election campaigns could adversely impact his career.Opposing his exemption plea, counsel for complainant Sanjay Solanki, said, \"In this case, 26 dates have gone by and he has appeared only thrice. This shows his conduct.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12105349", "title": "75% of CBSE students opt for Class 10 boards", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 75% of Class 10 students in CBSE schools in the state have opted for the board exams this year, with the Chennai zone alone recording more than 57% - this despite the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) making board exams optional in a bid to reduce exam-related stress on students.The main reason behind the trend is that many students want to shift to the state board syllabus after Class 10. \"The marksheet does not give any indication of whether we have taken a school-based or board exam. Even after the state government's directions to admit students from CBSE schools, we found that most school authorities preferred to take in students who have taken the board exam,\" said a Class 10 student of Bala Vidya Mandir.A teacher of Chinmaya Vidyalaya, who declined to be named, said students preferred to take the boards because they had study holidays, which gave them time to revise between the exams, while the school exams were conducted at one go. While the board exams extend up to March 26, the school exams are from March 3 to 12.Completing exams within a week holds a certain charm for students like A Deepshika, a Class 10 student of Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya Senior Secondary School. She said, \"I was sure that I wanted to take the board exams all through Class 9 and even for a few months in Class 10. But, I finally opted for the school exam as I wanted to secure a seat in Class 11 and also because the exams will be over in a week.\"Some believe that when they take the board exams their school assumes that the student is going to seek admission elsewhere. With the paucity of seats in Class 11 in CBSE schools, students fear that those taking the school exam will be given preference over others who opt for the boards.Correspondent of Shree Niketan Group of Schools P Vishnucharan said that it made sense for students in small schools to take the board exam, while those in leading schools need not bother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12106293", "title": "Osama film crew shot scenes in Patiala also", "text": "PATIALA: Kathryn Bigelow, the Hollywood director of Oscar winner \" The Hurt Locker ,\" who has been shooting in Chandigarh, also shot some scenes of her upcoming movie on Osama Bin Laden in Patiala some days back.Sources said Kathryn was in Patiala on February 25 and shot in and around Sherawala gate area. The movie will depict the Pakistani city of Abbottabad, where Al Qaeda mentor Osama bin Laden was shot dead by US special forces.But no one from city, except a few shopkeepers, got wind of the film shooting as mainly it was done in two roaming vehicles, one SUV and a car.The film crew reached Patiala around 2 pm and started shooting from Sherawala gate area of Patiala by sitting in their SUV vehicle, while some other crew members followed the SUV in an ordinary car, sources said.\"We were not aware that they were conducting Osama movie shooting. They came in two vehicles and just drove from here after halting here for some minutes,\" said Jaspreet, who runs a shop near Sherawala gate.The crew members did not conduct any shooting outside their vehicles, but roamed around in Sherawala gate, Chandni Chowk and tyre markets of city and conducted all the shooting from inside their vehicle.\"Basically it was a scene of running vehicles and we conducted shooting of running vehicles in various parts of the city for about four hours,\" said Darshan Aulakh from Aulakh Productions, who has been assisting Hollywood crew members in shooting.Some Chandni Chowk shopkeepers also confirmed that they saw some foreigners, but said they could not talk to them as they stopped in the chowk only for a few minutes.\"It's really great that our city will also be a part of the Hollywood movie. Had the Hollywood directors stayed here for some more minutes, we would have helped them conduct the shooting in a better way,\" said Dayal Chand, a shopkeeper from Chandni Chowk area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12106247", "title": "Loose political strings trip craftsmen", "text": "BAREILLY: It is a historic Kotwali, built in the late 1920s, which divides Bareilly city into two, unique parts. On one side is Burra Bazaar, the place where film actor Sadhna famously dropped her \"jhumka\"; where women are advised to avoid walking, unescorted, by nightfall. On the other is the sprawling Indian Medical Academy hall, where the city's who's who gathered less than a month ago to usher in the annual theatre festival. In its 4th edition, this year, actor Revathi was the belle of the season.Away from the prosperous Rampur Gardens and Civil Lines, the upmarket trade centre and residential districts of the city, there's a third side to Bareilly. This is where the kites soar. Bakerganj is where a sizeable population of Bareilly's craftsmen live. Constituting mainly the 'manjha' makers and zari workers, this could well be the city's dark underbelly.Between each region, separated by no more than 5 km, there's a stark contrast. On one hand, there's a section of Bareilly that discusses theatre over hors d'oeuvres. In the narrow streets of Burra Bazaar, on the other hand, shop eepers still joke about the fallen jhumka, while at least half a dozen others claim they are Bareilly's original Surma (kohl) sellers. Then there's also Bakerganj, where a salary means daily wages rarely exceeding Rs 75 for a family of five. Contrasts, though, locals say, is what Bareilly thrives on. Amid hectic political campaigning, frenzied speeches and poll promises flying thick and fast, the Muslim craftsmen of Bareilly's Bakerganj and Quila localities are the worst off. Politicians may have dropped by and left after making tall promises of better infrastructure, more employment and unparalleled development, but the living conditions in none of these areas have improved.Children, once they attain the age of 6 years, rise at 6am, not to rush to school, but to run to the slums adjacent to Bakerganj's garbage dumping ground, to help their parents make manjha. Here, as far as the eye can see, coloured threads, tied to bamboo poles are painstakingly polished with glass and rice pulp to transform ordinary thread into Bareilly's unique manjha. \"All that political talk of encouraging local trade is rubbish. The manjha trade here used to be, and still is, famous across the world. What have any of these political parties done for us?'' said Salim Beg, a manjha manufacturer and a second generation resident of Bakerganj.Year-after-year, their margins have shrunk. This year, craftsmen have had to shell out Rs 380 per dozen for cotton thread as opposed to Rs 220 last year. \"There is no regulation of thread prices. Since the cost of the manjha cannot increase, labourers are being paid less. Earlier, one could make Rs 200 a day by working 8 hours. Now this has come down to Rs 75,'' said Waqar, another master craftsman.If there's a prohibition imposed on child labour, the news of it appears to have bypassed most of Bareilly. From zari workshops to the open fields where rows of manjha have been left out to dry, children between the age group of 6 and 16 years are seen working tirelessly through morning and the scorching afternoon hours. It's pure economics, their parents argue, that forces them to put the children to work early.\"Think about it. Is it possible for me to feed a family of five if all I take home is Rs 75? My wife and I, along with our three children, all work in the manjha trade. Education might help my son later, but we have to eat to survive first,'' says Rattu Bhai, a local resident.Amid the electioneering, this might be the time to raise these concerns. But nothing, if the local population is to be believed, works. \"The SP is wooing the Muslim voters but they haven't done anything for us. Then there is the promise of change by Congress. They have done nothing either. The other party, BSP, has a Harijan Help Centre 100 metres away from where we live, but that is also closed most of the time. Who then, can we expect help from?'' said Mohammed Aslam, a zari worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12103258", "title": "India\u2019s tit for tat to UK on visa norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians have often been at the receiving end of UK visa regulations in the recent past but New Delhi for once has managed to tame the British authorities. In yet another visa row between the two countries - this time around in a third country - India has forced the UK to roll back its decision to bar Indians to apply for UK visas from Belgium.In what is being described by officials as a strange decision, British authorities stopped issuing visas to Indians in Belgium and instead asked them to travel to Paris to apply for the same.With its new-found assertiveness, the foreign ministry retaliated by not just issuing a note verbale to British authorities to protest the decision but also immediately stopped issuing visas to UK nationals seeking Indian visa in Brussels. They were asked to go back to London and apply for Indian visa there.Highly placed sources told TOI that the decision forced the UK to beat a quick retreat. Now, London has approached India, formally communicating its decision to roll back its decision and ensure visa facility to Indians from Brussels.The Indian retaliation though was not limited to restricting UK nationals from applying for visa in Brussels. It also increased the visa fee, bringing it on par with the money charged from Indians for UK visa.\"Now that they have given in, we have also decided to restore visa facilities for UK nationals in Belgium. There will be no change in the visa cost though,\" said a source. Apparently, the number of UK nationals seeking Indian visa in Brussels was more than the other way round.The UK decision not to issue visa to Indians inconvenienced not only diplomats and other Indians based in Belgium, but also many Indian travellers, including VIPs, who wished to fly to London and did not have a visa. Belgian capital Brussels is not only a travel hub in Europe, but also one of the main centres of international politics.Besides, Britain announced further restrictions in its immigration system this week that could severely impact Indians planning to settle there. British immigration minister Damian Green declared that the changes in the UK immigration system will mean that migrant workers coming to the UK on a skilled worker visa will no longer be able to settle in the UK based on the amount of time they have spent in the country.Breaking the link between coming to the UK to work and staying forever, the new rules will ensure that only \"exceptionally talented people, investors and entrepreneurs\" will have the option to stay in the UK. \"Skilled temporary workers who want to apply for settlement will have to earn at least \u00a335,000, or the going rate for their job, whichever is higher,\" said the British High Commission in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12107890", "title": "Aarushi murder case: SC dismisses Talwars' plea, trial to take place in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday rejected dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar's plea for shifting of the trial against them in the case of the murder of their daughter Aarushi from Ghaziabad to Delhi.The apex court said that reasons submitted by Talwars for shifting the trial were not vaild. The SC directed the trial court judge to ensure that only the parties in the case and their counsel would be present during the hearing of the case.The judgement was delivered by a bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar which had on February 27 reserved its order on the couple's plea.Pleading to shift the trial to Delhi, the couple had submitted it has been a traumatic experience for them to go to Ghaziabad to face the trial and that they also face security threat there.They had submitted it would be better to hold the trial in the national capital as it would not only be convenient for them but also for the witnesses and the prosecuting agency CBI.CBI had, however, opposed the plea, saying there has been an attempt by the couple to delay the trial and has assured the court that proper security arrangement would be made for them in Ghaziabad.It had said there were some hidden motives behind the filing of the plea and that the petition for transfer of the trial of the case might have been filed as section 438 of the Criminal Procedure Code (relating to anticipatory bail) is not applicable in Uttar Pradesh.On January 6, the court had cleared the decks for the couple's trial in the murder case by dismissing their plea to quash criminal proceedings against them.The bench had refused to interfere with the lower court's order, saying there was nothing wrong in the magistrate's order of taking cognisance of the chargesheet summoning them.14-year-old Aarushi, the only daughter of the Talwars, was found dead at the family's Noida residence on the intervening night of May 15-16, 2008.The body of the Talwars' servant, Hemraj, was found next day on the terrace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12106044", "title": "Govt miffed at Posco for ignoring advice", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has taken strong exception to Posco ignoring its advice and going ahead with a seminar of equipment suppliers and functionaries of construction companies near the project site on Thursday. What seemed to have pinched the government most are the company's allegations of the Naveen Patnaik dispensation's \"negative attitude\" towards its project and cited the absence of the chief minister and the chief secretary to drive home its point.A media release by Posco expressed \"it's disappointing that all the important people related with the project such as the chief minister and the chief secretary etc. were not able to attend the seminar, which can be interpreted as a negative indicator for the project\".A senior government official rubbished the allegations. \"The chief minister and the chief secretary were never invited to the seminar. Even Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco), the nodal agency for the project, was not taken into confidence,\" the official said. \"The government on the contrary was opposed to Posco holding the seminar at the project site. Because it was inappropriate and that such an attempt is bound to vitiate the atmosphere further,\" he added.Official sources said the government is planning to seek an explanation from Posco on why it ignored its advice and criticized the government without basis.\"We will take up the matter with the Posco and tell the company that if it is willing to have the project set up in the state it will have to follow the dos and don'ts,\" the official said. Enquiries revealed Idco had written a letter to Kun Ho Lee, director and divisional leader of Posco India Private Ltd., not to hold the \"global engineering seminar\".\"Considering the discussion made on the subject and looking at the feedbacks from the district administration, it appears that the ground situation at Nuagaon is not congenial for conducting such a seminar at site in view of the sensitivities involved,\" the February 28 letter from Idco said. \"You may further recollect that you were advised and instructed not to go ahead for such a seminar at site,\" the letter added.The letter also said that Idco had been making \"all out efforts to acquire land and facilitating development of your project in an expeditious manner and Idco continues its dialogue and discussion with various stake-holders. We are quite hopeful for a favourable outcome. Therefore, holding such a Global Engineering Seminar may jeopardize the best interest of your project,\" the letter said. The letter also stated that the three-tier panchayat election not being over yet conducting the seminar \"at this juncture\" was not \"advisable\".It said: \"You are therefore advised and instructed to wait for further orders from Idco for holding of seminar at the proposd site or at any other place.\" The South Korean project has been strongly opposed by villagers of Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Jagatsinghpur over land acquisition. The steel project site has seen several incidents of violence in the past with locals forming human barricades to prevent the administration from facilitating to set up the steel plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12108425", "title": "Vigilance officials raid premises of personal security officers to Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance and anti-corruption officials are searching the houses of former security officers - a deputy superintendent of police (DSP) and two police inspectors - of ex-chief minister M Karunanidhi . The officers are looking for details of their assets, police sources said.The three personal security officers of the former chief minister -- DSP P Pandian attached to core cell CID in SB-CID, security; inspectors C Ganesan (SB-CID, core security cell) and C Vinothan (SB-CID, core security cell); had bought Tamil Nadu Housing Board plots allotted in Mogappair under the government discretionary quota (GDQ) in 2008. Pandian, who had applied to )TNHB in his wife Meena's name, paid Rs 90 lakh as one-time payment to TNHB to get the plot. Three special teams were formed and each team was led by an assistant commissioner of police and they conducted raids at the police officers' houses from 8am on Friday. \"We have gone there to check how they managed to pay the huge amount with their earnings,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096281", "title": "Anushka, Ranveer's movie date", "text": "Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma are the new Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra .Until last year, PC and Shahid were an on-off couple and that seems to be the case with the Band Bajaa Baaraat jodi too.Says an eye witness, \"On Tuesday evening, Ranveer and Anushka were spotted at a Juhu multiplex catching a show of My Week With Marilyn. They sneaked into the auditorium hand-in-hand as soon as the lights dimmed, so that people wouldn't identify them. An usher even escorted them to their seats at the back of the room, where they looked very cosy in each other's company. When the film got over, they remained in their seats till most people had left. In fact, Anushka even covered her face to avoid being spotted.\"However, their spokesperson maintains that they are just friends , \"like they always were\". Says the lady, \"Eight of us went to see the movie. Since it was a sudden plan to watch the film, we booked tickets separately, which is why Ranveer and Anushka sat away from us.\"Our source, though, maintains that it was just the two of them and there was not a single \"friend\" in sight, neither when they entered the auditorium, nor when they left. Ranveer and Anushka started dating while shooting Band Bajaa Baaraat in 2010, but split up last year when stories surfaced of Ranveer getting close to Sonakshi Sinha. As for Anushka, she was linked to both Ranbir Kapoor and Shahid. Interestingly, Sonakshi has only just returned to the city after being away for a month shooting in Kolkata. We wonder how Ranveer is going to manage juggling time between his two flames now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12103100", "title": "Professor claims joke on Narendra Modi cost him 2 years' pay hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An associate professor of Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) has moved the Gujarat high court, claiming the university stopped his pay hikes for two years, because of a joke.Ashish Sarkar has told the court that he was served a charge sheet, apparently for taking and circulating a photograph of a dog sitting on a red carpet, spread out for chief minister Narendra Modi on the campus.His counsel Utpala Bora told the court that on March 23 last year, Sarkar saw a dog sitting on the red carpet. He snapped a photograph and circulated it among some of his colleagues and students. He did not know it was a high-security area as chief minister was to visit the spot the next day. On June 2, the university issued him a charge sheet for indiscipline and misconduct for photographing a sensitive zone.Advocate Bora said that Sarkar sought time from the university to explain his stand, but the management decided to withhold his increments for two years on July 7. Sarkar moved the high court in August last year claiming he was being victimized for raising issues that could benefit students. He also contended that he was not given enough time to explain himself.Sarkar also said in his petition that he was not in the good books of the management for taking on seniors, who organized activities on campus that had nothing to do with education. He had even objected to shifting students out of the auditorium on various occasions to make room for political events. He wanted non-academic functions to be held on holidays.Justice R M Chhaya admitted his petition on Thursday and kept it for final hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12105367", "title": "Govt seeks Pahelwan\u2019s bail cancellation in SC", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has approached the Supreme Court seeking the cancellation of bail granted to Mohammed Bin Omer Yafai alias Mohammed Pahelwan and eight others allegedly involved in the attack on MIM MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi.According to sources the final argument in this case would take place before the double bench comprising Justice B S Chauhan and Justice A Kheir on Friday. On April 30 last year the prime accused Mohammed Pahelwan and his family members allegedly carried out an attack on Akbaruddin Owaisi in the Barkas area. In September 2011 the state high court granted bail to the accused. In the appeal the government contended before the apex court that the accused would influence the witnesses in the case.The persons whose bail was sought to be cancelled include Mohammed Pahelwan, Hasan Bin Omer yafai, Esa Bin Younus Yafai, Yahiya Bin Younus Yafai, Faisal Bin Ahmed, Fazal Bin Ahmed, Younus Bin Omer Yafai, Bahadur Ali Khan alias Munawar Iqbal and Awad Bin Younus Yafai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12105111", "title": "CM\u2019s troubleshooting mission to Kalimpong", "text": "KOLKATA: In the second leg of her Darjeeling visit, chief minister Mamata Banerjee reached Kalimpong on Thursday. While the apparent focus of her attention was promotion of tourism in the subdivision, observers said in politically volatile Kalimpong she would try to gauze if the movement for a separate state was snowballing again and alert the administration against it.Since former Gorkha Liberation Organization (GLO) chief Chhatre Subba, after his release from jail, has thrown his weight behind the separate statehood demand, it has been a fresh cause of anxiety for Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) president Bimal Gurung. Unless there is visible progress in the process of formation of the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA), Gurung has threatened to relaunch the demand for a separate state from March 27.In her public address at Darjeeling Gymkhana on Wednesday, the chief minister issued a veiled warning to Chhatre, without naming him. \"Those who want to create fresh trouble in the Hills are stooges of the CPM and they should go to the CPM office,\" she said in her address. In her meetings with the administration and with GJM leaders in Darjeeling, she was likely to discuss ways to contain Subba.With the GTA bill now awaiting nod from the Centre, it was essential for Mamata to buy time and ensure that the Gorkhaland demand was not resumed, sources said. Gurung will find it politically difficult to resist if opposition parties and leaders pressed on the statehood issue. Mamata was trying to keep GJM in good humour by announcing developmental projects, but in important areas like the Balason water project there had not been much progress, they said. In her Gymkhana address, Mamata again pleaded that her government was faced with a severe fund crunch.According to sources, GJM leaders have sought her help to convince the Centre about the demand that GTA should have the authority to issue Gorkha certificates, important for recruitments in the Army, to Gorkhas living all over the country. But, the chief minister could not make a promise readily, which did not help in bridging the growing chasm between Mamata and the GJM over delay in formation of GTA.On her way from Darjeeling to Kalimpong, Mamata selected a few spots where she felt tourism could be promoted and tourist huts could be set up.In Kalimpong town she attended receptions by the local community and also visited the Graham's Home School, which was damaged in the earthquake last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105774", "title": "UP power minister had a fleet of 26 cars", "text": "LUCKNOW: How many cars do you think a minister might possibly need? Don't even try guessing if it's UP's powerful minister for power, Ramveer Upadhahy. From November 2008 till December 2010, the minister had at his disposal a fleet of 26 cars.This startling fact, which brings into sharp focus the corruption and blatant abuse of power in UP, came to light after former Lok Sabha MP Bhanupratap Verma filed an RTI application. It cost the government Rs 1.37 crore to maintain this super fleet.The minister was entitled to one car which was provided by the estate department. For this, the fuel sanctioned per month is 125 litres for local travel. But Upadhya got 25 more cars for himself from the UP Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL).This fleet of 25 more cars was provided to him for 460 days from November 2008 to February 2010. Of them, two were dedicated to his security personnel and the remaining were for his personal use, which means he, his family members, personal staff, and even followers used them. However, immediately after the RTI information came to light, these cars were said to have been withdrawn from the minister.This extravagance put the loss-making UPPCL under stress, which had to cough up Rs 1.37 crore to take care of the minister's luxury. Nearly 80% of this cost was incurred on fuel and the remaining 20% on the maintenance of these cars.The amount spent by the UPPCL worked out to Rs 8.55 lakh per month and this was the expenditure incurred by the minister on his conveyance every month.Cleverly, these cars were allotted by UPPCL from its different pools. While 18 cars were attached to the minister from its headquarters at Shakti Bhawan, Lucknow, seven were drawn from the Hathras division. According to its own admission made by UPPCL, Rs 10,97,199 were spent on the fuel and Rs 1,28,465 on the maintenance of a car (UP 32 CM-2771) attached to the minister from Hathras division for 10 months between October 2010 and January 1, 2011. The cost involved for three other cars (UP 80 AX-1500, UP 32 CU-4910 and UP 32 CU 4911) from the Hathras division was Rs 1,09,720 on fuel and Rs 12,847 on maintenance.Upadhay had come under the Lokayukta scanner after charges of corruption of were brought against him. He has time till March 5 to file his reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "12105624", "title": "Maldives authorities detain 11 fishermen from Kanyakumari", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Eleven fishermen from two fishing hamlets near coastal Colachel in Kanyakumari district were detained by Maldives coastal authorities on Wednesday. Even as the detention sparked tension in the coastal villages, the Centre said that it has taken up the issue with Maldivian authorities.\"We have received information that there were 11 Indian fishermen who are supposedly detained by the Maldivian Navy. Our high commission has taken this up with the Maldivian authorities and we will try and have a swift and quick resolution to this issue,\" ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters in New Delhi. State government officials in Chennai said that fishermen were taken into custody for allegedly entering the Maldivian waters.The 11 fishermen, Jerine Anto (36), Robert Antony (27), Thaddeus (23), Antoniadimai (45), Mariadasan (65), Arokydas (22), Joseph Ligin (25), Nicholaus (38), John Prabhu (26), Ajish (22), Bismon (18) had left the village for deep sea fishing in a boat belonging to Jerine Anto in the wee hours of February 23.On February 29 early morning, relatives received a message that they were detained by the Maldives government and the fishermen who managed to call a few relatives had narrated that Maldives fishermen who came in a speed boat took them by force and handed them over to their country's coast guard. They also sent out messages that they were held in Maldives.Based on this, the villagers submitted a petition to the fisheries authorities with all the necessary information about the fishermen and urged them to take action.Cheobulose, cousin of Jerine Anto said that the relatives are deeply worried about their dear ones languishing in a foreign country. \"We received messages by early morning on Wednesday and Jerine managed to send few messages that his boat along with the crew was forcefully taken by the native fishermen. They have not ventured into Maldives boundary and were fishing in the international maritime boundary line,\" he said.\"Fishermen from Iraviputhanthurai mainly go for deep sea fishing and anybody can fish in the international boundary. We are wondering why Maldives fishermen took our fishermen by force,\" said another fisherman from the village.\"We are told that the official talks between both countries are going on and the fishermen were being questioned. Though we are told our villagers are safe and the local administration could have made it a point to visit the families and assured help. It could have made them feel better,\" Cheobulose mentioned.The detention of Indian fishermen by the Maldives authorities has shocked their counterparts in the region too, who are yet to come out from the shock of the recent killing of two fishermen by armed guards of an Italian merchant vessel.\"We are yet to come out of that shocking incident and this sudden development of Maldives detaining our fishermen has deeply worried us. We are panicked because most of the fishermen from this region go for deep sea fishing and such incidents scare us,\" said L Wilfred, past president of Kanyakumari Fishermen Association from Colachel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12106941", "title": "Headless body of woman found", "text": "AMRITSAR: The headless body of a 20-year-old woman Parveen Kumari, who was brutally murdered, was found from a house in the Shaheed Baba Sangat Singh Nagar here in Maqboolpura locality on Wednesday. However, police were still clueless about the culprits and the motive behind the murder even a day after the incident.The deceased was in a live-in relationship with Lovejeet Singh, who is an undertrial in a rape case and has been lodged in the Amritsar Central Jail for the last one year.The matter came to light when Vijay, the elder brother of Lovejeet, who is also living in Lovejeet's house became suspicious when Parveen did not respond to repeated knocks on her door on the ground floor of the house, following which he called the neighbours and the police. As the police broke open the door, they found Parveen's headless body lying in a pool of blood. Later the head was recovered from a nearby gutter.The Maqboolpura police have started investigations after registering a case in this connection, but the motive behind the gruesome murder is still not clear.As the news spread, many people from the neighbourhood gathered near the house and several people were seen wailing. The police have taken Vijay into custody for questioning.\"Different angles are being investigated to crack the case. Lovejeet and Parveen Kumari's brother Aju, who is also an undertial in the same rape case and is lodged in the Amritsar Central Jail will also be questioned. The police is also looking for the weapon used in the crime,\" informed Ashwani Kumar, SHO, police station, Maqboolpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104104", "title": "Narco cops held for selling charas", "text": "MUMBAI: The city Anti-Narcotics Cell (ANC) arrested four persons, including two policemen from Thane ANC, for allegedly selling charas worth Rs 1.2 lakh.Mumbai police spokesperson DCP Nisar Tamboli, who also heads the ANC, said, \"First we arrested a drug peddler, Shakeel Shaikh (45) and seized 1.5 kg charas worth Rs 1.2 lakh. During interrogation, he spilled the beans and we arrested a schoolteacher, Ashok Dongre, from Kurla. While the interrogation was on, names of two police personnel from Thane ANC cropped up and we arrested them in this case too.\"The arrested policemen are Ashok Suryavanishi (50), a head constable, and Shivaji Kshirsagar (36), a police nayak. The two were produced before a special court and remanded in police custody till March 7.\"While we were questioning Shaikh, we found that he purchased the drugs from two persons from Thane. When we summoned them, we were surprised to see that they were police personnel from the anti-narcotics cell in Thane. Initially, the two tried to dodge the Mumbai police but later admitted to selling drugs to Shaikh,\" said an officer. The two policemen told investigators that they had caught another drug peddler in February and recovered charas from him. While they seized the charas, they warned and released him without making a case. \"They did not inform their senior colleagues about the drugs. They later sold it to Shaikh for Rs 1.2 lakh,\" an officer added.\"We are also probing if they had sold such seizure to any other accused in the past. We have got their custody and will find out for how long they have been doing such illegal activities,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104889", "title": "PG teaching to be started in three govt medical colleges", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said on Thursday that postgraduate (PG) teaching in 14 subjects would be started in three medical colleges based at Bhagalpur, Gaya and Muzaffarpur from the next financial year for which permission has already been granted by the Centre and the Medical Council of India (MCI).Choubey, who was giving government's reply to the pending question of Sadanand Singh of the Congress, also said that the injunction of the Patna High Court on appointment of teachers in medical colleges would not affect the starting of the PG classes in these three colleges, Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Bhagalpur, Anugrah Narayan Magadh Medical College, Gaya, and Shri Krishna Medical College, Muzaffarpur, as alternative arrangements have been made to meet the parameters set by the MCI in this regard. The PG classes would be started in 14 subjects, he insisted.While Singh sought to know about the number of vacant posts of professors, associate professors and assistant professors in the medical college at Bhagalpur, including with regard to the teaching of 14 subjects, Choubey insisted that the department's alternative arrangement envisaged appointment of teachers on contract basis in time to comply with the MCI parameters.Choubey said that the MCI team, in all probability, would inspect the available infrastructure at the three medical colleges with regard to the start of PG classes either in the first or second week of this month. He also said that the alternative arrangements made would satisfy the MCI team. To the persistent question of Singh if the PG teaching would actually start in the current financial year or this year itself, Choubey said that there was no doubt on that count, and the health department, in fact, was ready to start PG courses in 14 subjects this year itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12105723", "title": "UP's youngest MLA confident of retaining his family seat", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttkarsh Verma was just like a normal 24-year-old, working in the corporate communication wing of a telecom giant and living alone in Noida. But one phone call from his home in UP's Lakhimpur Kheri in 2010 changed his life. His grandfather Kaushal Kishore, three-time SP MLA from Lakhimpur Sadar, was critically ill and Uttkarsh has been requested to rush back immediately. He quit his three-month-old job and didn't even collect his fourth salary.His grandfather passed away soon and the responsibility of carrying forward the family tradition fell on Uttkarsh's young shoulder as his father also was not keeping well. So, in November, 2010, when he filed the nomination for the bypoll, Uttkarsh was barely 25. One and half years later, Uttkarsh is back in the fray again, this time as the youngest sitting MLA.And as he is busy knocking at the doors of his voters these days as he faces the challenge of retaining the seat, Uttkarsh is different from an archetypical neat of the heartland. He is fond of brands, flaunts a Blackberry and stays connected on FB (facebook).\"I feel more confident than last time,\" he says, quickly adding, \"Not because of the lineage, but because I know that I have worked a lot in the last one year,\" he said. Claiming that he would bank on his social-connect than the caste equation, he said, \"Caste comes into play when people do not know a candidate. I believe in real-life social network.\"His supporters see the fire in him. \"The past one year has been quite eventful for him ... His father passed away and he got married, but none of the two could divert his attention from public work,\" said AK Singh, a local businessman. \"His round-the-clock availability, simplicity and sweet nature has fetched him many followers,\" added a local lawyer. His main rival is BSP's Gyan Bajpai, a former municipal board chairman, who lost to Verma's grandfather by a narrow margin of 1,244 votes. BSP didn't contest in the bypoll and Peace Party candidate was a surprise runner-up. But, this time the field is complete and so are Uttkarsh's challenges.Uttkarsh has a clear insight into problems of his constituency. \"Like me, most youth move to big cities to pursue graduate and post graduate education. And this temporary migration turns permanent when the search for jobs and quest for survival begins. So the answer is education and employment.\" However, post elections, his first priority would be to spend some time with his family, especially wife. \"Since I got elected, I have been moving out for jansampark from 7.00am to 10-10.30pm, some times till midnight. After elections I would take a small break,\" he says. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12106144", "title": "Woman set on fire for dowry; battles for life", "text": "KANPUR: A 24-year-old woman was set on fire by her husband and in-laws in Ramabai Nagar on Wednesday night. She is battling for life at LLR Hospital Malti, wife of Raj Kumar, who sustained serious burn wounds, had been admitted at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. A case had been registered by the police on the complaints of her family members.Malti was married to Raj Kumar of Ramabai Nagar four years ago. Her brother Krishna Kumar said that he had received a call from Malti's neighbours, who told him that she had suffered serious burn wounds under mysterious circumstances. \"They asked me to come to Ramabai Nagar immediately. When my parents and I rushed to her house, we came to know about the real facts. The neighbours told us that she was mercilessly beaten and set on fire by her husband and in-laws,\" Kumar said.\"When Malti was married, Rs 50,000 and a motorcycle were demanded as dowry but we could not afford to meet their demands. They did not allow me to speak to her even on phone when I tried to contact her last week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12104918", "title": "Kidnapped schoolboy recovered, 4 arrested", "text": "PATNA: After remaining in captivity for over seven days, abducted Class XI student Aditya Raj alias Mithu was recovered near Patori railway station in Vaishali district by a special team of the Patna police led by SDPO (Patna City) Sushil Kumar.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar said one Sumit Kumar of Kesaria village in East Champaran lodged a written complaint with the Bahadurpur police station that his brother Aditya Raj had gone to Moin-ul-Haq Stadium to play cricket on February 25. He said one Sonu, who studied with Aditya at Kesariya High School, reached the stadium and took Aditya on his bike.The SSP said when Sumit contacted his brother on his cellphone, his brother, who sounded unwell, said he was not aware where he was and his cellphone was switched off. He said on February 27, the family received a phone call and the caller demanded Rs. 1.5 crore for Aditya's safe release. The missing case was converted into a case of kidnapping and a special police team was constituted to trace the boy. The SSP said during investigation, police came to know that Sonu was in constant touch with his girlfriend Sudha Kumari. He said police team arrested Sudha. Her interrogation revealed that Aditya was kept at Karnauti village under Mahnar police station in Vaishali district.The SSP said the special police team contacted the local police and raided the house of one, Dheeraj Kumar, where Aditya was kept for two days. He said shortly before the raid Sonu escaped with Aditya and then left him at Patori police station.The SSP said police arrested Hareram Choudhary, Ranjit Kumar, Dheeraj Kumar and Sudha in this connection. He said also police recovered a revolver, two live cartridges besides a knife from Dheeraj's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12104634", "title": "We want our fair share, pensioners tell MPs", "text": "NASHIK: Pensioners from Nashik district who are subscribers of the employees' pension scheme (EPS), 1995, have come together demanding better payment of monthly pension to them. They have also demanded that private companies should not be allowed to handle pension funds. The pensioners are planning to visit the house of members of parliament to discuss the issue.Staging a sit-in agitation in front of the collectorate, the pensioners, who came together under the banner of the Nashik district pensioners' federation (NDPF), attempted to draw the attention of the government towards the fact that beneficiaries of the EPS are being paid minimal monthly pension between Rs 300 and Rs 1,900.\"The employees have contributed Rs 541 per month from their salary towards the scheme. After retirement, their contribution is with the government and the returns given to the beneficiaries are minimal. Instead, considering 9.5% per annum interest on the deposits, the employees can easily get pension between Rs 2,500 to Rs 7,500 per month,\" Sudhakar Gujarathi, member of the federation said.Currently, retired employees of HAL, MICO and MSRTC have come together to form the federation and conduct activities together to draw the attention of the government towards the fact that the pensioners are not getting their due.\"A member of parliament after the term of five years only is liable for pension of Rs 20,000 per month, whereas employees serving the company for long periods of time fail to get even Rs 1,000 per month to eke out a decent living, considering today's lifestyle,\" Prashant Deshmukh, an office-bearer of the federation, said.The federation is also drumming up support against the government of India's plans to allow the funds to be handled by private players. \"There are moves to allow private security firms to invest Rs 1,30,000 crore from the provident fund into the market, which will be like fiddling with the money given to the government. For this reason, we are visiting the house of every member of parliament to make him/her aware of the implications of such a bill being proposed in the parliament,\" Deshmukh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12103517", "title": "Sindhi education society body declared illegal", "text": "GONDIA: The 15-member body of Sindhi Education Society, headed by Bhagat Thakarani, was declared illegal by principal judge of the district and sessions court here on February 22. The joint charity commissioner of Nagpur had already declared the body illegal on October 17 last year following which it had gone into appeal.A team of office-bearers led by Ramchandra Prithiyani was in power till 2006. After his death, Thakarani assumed the charge. Surprisingly, on September 3 last year, Thakarani announced a new executive committee consisting of 15 members and named himself as president. He submitted the change report to the assistant charity commissioner at Bhandara. However, this body was vehemently opposed by members of the team of Prithiyani who had passed away.As the joint charity commissioner at Nagpur declared the body illegal, Thakarani moved the district and sessions court. But principal judge AD Karanjkar dismissed his appeal and ruled that constitution of the new body with Thakarani as president was illegal. He also directed that new trustees should be elected by 28 old legal members of the education society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106403", "title": "New govt in independents' hands?", "text": "PANAJI: Independent candidates may have played a minimal role in past polls and only two were elected in 2007, but this time around, nine could well hold the key to government-formation in Goa.In Salcete, independent candidate in Curtorim, Domnic Gaonkar, is challenging sitting MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco; while, with the backing of some Congress seniors, independent candidate Avertano Furtado is hoping to stop PWD minister Churchill Alemao from his second term in Navelim.Independent candidate Benjamin D'Silva is similarly trying to stop forest minister Felip Neri Rodrigues from retaining his seat in Velim. Gaonkar, Furtado and D'Silva are being backed by the BJP.In Fatorda, Vijai Sardesai is a formidable candidate against incumbent BJP MLA Damodar Naik.In Bardez taluka, Tulio D'Souza, who is contesting from Saligao, and Rohan Khaunte in Porvorim are no spring chicken, say sources. Both have been working in their respective constituencies for a long time.In Saligao, sitting MLA Dilip Parulekar was rated as a \"sure shot\" but these days he is already feeling uneasy and it is clear that there will be a big fight. No doubt there is another independent in Trajano D'Mello who too like Tulio has nursed the constituency well. Francisco Colaco and Paul Fernadnes are two other independents in Saligao.In Porvorim, observers say Rohan is ahead of other candidates. Considering his popularity, Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar who is seeking a re-election from Aldona, has extended support to BJP candidate in Porvorim, Govind Parvatkar.As the BJP camp is ridden with factionalsim, and has not done any work over the last few years in the constituency, many village groups are still rallying behind Rohan.Ashley Gomes is likely to dent the Congress vote base in Calangute, while Congress rebel, Praveen Zantye, who was sidetracked in the NCP-Congress pact over seat arrangement, is trying to repeat history in Mayem.Naresh Sawal, another Congress rebel, may affect the chances in Bicholim of BJP-turned-Congress candidate Rajesh Patnekar.Congress rebel Govind Gaude, is trying to draw his support from the massive ST vote bank in Priol constituency. Observers say MGP candidate and sitting MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar has reason to be worried.Another former Congress leader and independent backed by BJP and MGP, Nirmala Sawant is hoping to upset MLA Pandurnag Madkaikar.Independent candidate Rudolf Fernandes also wants to repeat his mother, Victoria Fernandes' feat by winning his first election as an independent candidate in St Cruz.Newcomer Arjun Salgaoncar is a strong probable from Sanvordem, as is former minister gone independent Prakash S Velip in Quepem.Benaulim's Hubert Gomes, Margao's Cedric D'Costa, Fatorda's Arthur D'Silva and Vasco's Simon D'Souza are also potential spoilers.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12104139", "title": "\u2018Life is in God\u2019s hands, not doctors\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday issued a notice to the Medical Council of India (MCI) while hearing a petition by a city-based cancer surgeon to set aside a warning for alleged medical negligence.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Dr Vikram Sanghvi who has worked at the Tata Memorial Hospital for 23 years and was the chief of head and neck surgery. Justice Majmudar observed, \"Everything is not in hands of doctors. Life is in hands of God.\"According to Sanghvi's petition, on September 25, 2007, Ambikaprasad Pathak, diagnosed with stage III oral cavity cancer, was operated upon by him and Dr Ravi Patel at the Purvesh Nursing Home at Andheri (E) from 8am to 11.30am. The operation was successful and after observing the patient for an hour and a half, Sanghvi left for other hospital commitments. Dr Patel stayed in the hospital till 3pm and left Pathak in the care of a nurse.At 7pm, Pathak's doctor son Chetan called up Sanghvi to say that his father has breathing difficulty. However, Sanghvi, who was driving back from south Mumbai, got caught in a traffic jam due to Ganesh immersion and could reach the hospital at 8.10pm. On his arrival, Sanghvi was informed of Pathak's death. Pathak's daughter Dr Ujala Pathak complained to the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC), which on May 30, 2009 directed removal of names of both the doctors from its register for three months for \"being violators of medical ethics\".On their appeals, the MCI on November 25, 2009 modified Sanghvi's punishment to a warning and enhanced Patel's to six months. The MCI warned Sanghvi \"to be more careful when choosing nursing homes for major surgeries, the date of the surgery and make sure that medical officers are available to take care of patients during post-operative period\".Sanghvi's petition said the warning is used as a finding of neglect by the MMC and Dr Ujala Pathak in proceedings filed before the consumer forum. He said the order has caused him irreparable harm, casts stigma, exposed him to public humiliation and deters him from working normally. Sanghvi's counsel J J Bhat argued that his client took all due care and caution being the primary surgeon. To a query, he replied that this is the first case of alleged negligence against Sanghvi.The court was informed there is a status quo directed by the HC on Patel's suspension till the next hearing. The judges stayed implementation of the MCI's order pending the hearing and final disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12104758", "title": "\u2018Abolish minimum export price system for onions\u2019", "text": "PUNE: The managing director of the state agriculture marketing board has urged the Union government to abolish the minimum export price (MEP) mechanism (the factor that decides the price of onion in international markets) to curb price fluctuations and to prevent losses to growers.Though the Union government has not yet taken a decision in the matter, the move is likely to ease the process of onion purchase and export, said Kishor Toshniwal, the managing director of the Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board.Member of Parliament from Baramati Supriya Sule has supported the idea. \"Perishable commodities like onion should not be treated as any other commodity as a delay of a few days can affect the earnings of the farmers for the rest of the year,\" she said.Last week, farmers from Shirur threw away onions at Shirur and Talegaon Dhamdhere wholesale markets because they were offered a meager price. The prices collapsed due to excess supply and less export.While deciding the MEP, the Union government takes into consideration the amount of production and then decides the quantity of onion that could be exported. The prices are revised from time to time and the MEP is increased in a way that export does not result in price escalation in the local markets. The MEP was increased to more than $1,000 per tonne two years ago. The onion prices started escalating from Diwali 2010, but the MEP was hiked in late December.Toshniwal said, \"I have submitted the suggestion to the Union commerce ministry, which handles export of commodities. The government has formed several empowered groups of ministers for taking speedy decisions, but many a time such groups do not take timely decisions. Even a delay of 3-4 days can affect the farming community badly.\"Maharashtra is the largest producer of onion in the country and has processing centres at Lasalgaon and Pimpalgao Baswant (Nashik). \"If we produce quality onion, we need speedy and dynamic process to compete in the international markets,\" said Toshniwal.An exporter told TOI, \"Decontrolling onion is necessary and it is being discussed at the level of the Union government. Very few exporters buy onion from farmers yet we have to adhere to the minimum export price. Rigid and lengthy procedure of revising MEP can cause losses to farmers and exporters as well, especially when MEP is higher than international prices.\"Supriya Sule said, \"If the state body has made this suggestion, I will certainly support the demand. Even the sugar sector has seen the same situation. Decisions taken at wrong times have badly affected the entire sugar sector and factories have incurred losses. There is a need for a dynamic team, which would take decisions on a real-time basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12105980", "title": "LPG cylinder burst : Admnistration to take action", "text": "KOCHI: District collector P I Sheik Pareeth inspected Eloor municipal councillor Joseph Antony's house, where a domestic LPG cylinder burst on Wednesday. The collector said that the district administration would initiate action after getting report from the seven-member committee which is probing into the incident.The collector said that similar cases were reported from various parts of the district. \"Instructions have been given to make a detailed probe. The seven-member team headed by assistant collector Swagath Bhandari Ranvirchand will consult experts to find out whether there were any irregularities in manufacturing and filling cylinders,\" the collector said.The committee will lay down guidelines to be followed by oil companies, gas filling agencies and consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12105813", "title": "15 of 22 fatal accidents due to human error", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Maximum fatal casualties occurred due to human errors instead of mechanical faults on city roads. This has been revealed in a study of Chandigarh traffic police of a total 22 fatal road accidents in last two months. The study included all accidents in which a total 25 persons have been killed and 75 were injured at different locations in the city.Meanwhile, 15 fatal accidents out of 22 were reported in the southern division of Chandigarh and 12 were reported on the main roads. A senior police official said human errors including rash driving, red signal jumping, overspeeding, driving without helmet and overloading, were the main reasons for maximum causalities.In the case of four-year-old Gehana, who was crushed to death by an NRI Sandeep Singh, human error was clearly evident because Singh tried to avoid the accident but could not, the police official added. Accused Singh was arrested under the charges of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.While in the case of mechanical faults including bad condition of roads, non-functioning of street lights, police have suggested the engineering wing to look into the problem. DIG Alok Kumar said the findings of all accident studies are being made the part of road safety subject, which was recently introduced in all schools and colleges of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12104588", "title": "Enforce tobacco ban, cops told", "text": "BANGALORE: The home ministry has asked police to keep tabs on those smoking and selling tobacco products in public by effectively implementing the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act. In a circular, home secretary Raghavendra H Auradkar told cops: \"Cases booked against violators of the Act and those found smoking and selling tobacco products in public places should be included in monthly crime statistics that go into the data bank of the State Crime Records Bureau.\" The circular comes in the wake of an order issued to all state governments by the Union ministry of health and family welfare on December 9, 2011. Police have been told to send a copy of cases booked to the Union ministry.What the law says COTPA defines 'public place' as any area to which people have access to and includes auditorium, hospital buildings, railway waiting rooms, amusement centres, restaurants, public offices, court buildings, workplaces, shopping malls, cinema halls, educational institutions, libraries, public conveyances and the like which are visited by people but doesn't include any open space. Under Section 12 of COTPA, police officers not below the rank of sub-inspectors can conduct raids on public places where people are found smoking and initiate proceedings against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108895", "title": "Rocking evening at The Park", "text": "Rock music lovers had a great time at Someplace Else, The Park, as city bands took to the stage at the pub .While Ifs &amp; Buts, Monkey In Me and Rupsha and gang delighted revellers on Thursday, it was the turn for Split to keep the crowd grooving to their beats on the following Saturday.On both the days, the bands played amidst loud cheers from those gathered at the pub. We spotted singer songwriter Neel Adhikary having a good time at the do on Thursday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12105481", "title": "Minister assures action against motivator", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid raging controversy over rat-race to achieve sterilization targets in Madhya Pradesh, state health minister Narottam Mishra admitted in the legislative assembly that an unmarried youth was subjected to vasectomy, with \"his consent\", at a public camp in Rewa district but action would be initiated against the motivator.\"Since the family planning operation was performed on an unmarried youth, the one who motivated him to undergo vasectomy has been found guilty. Rewa district collector has been directed to initiate action against the motivator\", he informed Radhelal Baghel (BSP) in a written reply.Mishra said that sterilisation was carried out on Kesari Prasad Gautam on January 31 at the mega vasectomy camp organised in Rewa district. He claimed that the operation was performed on Gautam after taking his prior consent.Asked whether the youth concerned would get compensation and whether the amount would be realized from the person responsible for the lapse, the minister said there was no provision for compensation in such cases. He said if a person dies during the vasectomy procedure or due to failed operation or while being treated for complications arising out of the procedure then the person concerned could file claim for compensation from the insurance company concerned.\"There is no need for filing a First Information Report (FIR) as the youth had given his prior consent for vasectomy\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-02"}
