{"city": "washington", "code": "16762713", "title": "Attack on Malala reprehensible and disgusting: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has termed the life threatening attack on 14-year-old Pakistani girl Malala Yousufzai by Taliban as reprehensible, disgusting and tragic and has offered assistance to Pakistan in this regard, his spokesman said.\"I know that the President found the news reprehensible and disgusting and tragic. We strongly condemn the shooting of Malala Yousafzai,\" Jay Carney, the White House press secretary, told reporters yesterday.Directing violence at children is barbaric, it's cowardly and our hearts go out to her and the others who were wounded, as well as their families, he said.\"The US has offered any necessary assistance to Malala. As part of this offer, the US military has agreed to provide air ambulance and medical treatment at a facility suitable for her condition if it becomes necessary,\" Carney responded to reporters.Earlier in the day, Hillary Clinton , the Secretary of State praised the brave girl who is battling for life as she advocated the girl's rights.\"She has been very brave in standing up for the rights of girls in the area where she comes from in Pakistan,\" she said.\"I want to say a few words about a 14-year-old young woman, Malala Yousufzai, who lives in Pakistan, who has been active in speaking out for the right of girls to get an education. She's even blogged about it.\"\"And she has been very brave in standing up for the rights of girls in the area where she comes from in Pakistan,\" she said.\"Yesterday, you may have seen in the news, she was attacked and shot by extremists who don't want girls to have an education and don't want girls to speak for themselves and don't want girls to become leaders, who are for a variety of reasons threatened by that kind of empowerment,\" she said.\"They shot Malala, and she's in critical condition,\" Clinton said at the 100th Anniversary of the Girl Scouts in the US and Announcement of New Initiatives to Prevent Child Marriage and Promote Girls' Education around the World.\"I think we should be dedicating our efforts to brave young women , some of whose names we will know and some we will never know, who struggle against tradition and culture and even outright hostility and sometimes violence to pursue their hopes, their God-given potential, to have a life of meaning and purpose and make contributions to their families, their communities, their countries and the world,\" she said.\"So yesterday's attack reminds of the challenges that girls face, whether it's poverty or marginalization or even violence, just for speaking out for their basic rights,\" said the Secretary of State in her remarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760298", "title": "Promising govt job, conman duped 2 women of Rs 80K", "text": "BHOPAL: Two women were conned into giving Rs 80,000 to a man and his accomplice promising the two government jobs. The women realized that they have been duped after they went to face an interview and showed the 'call letter' which the accused had given to them.A compliant in this regard was registered with the Kolar police station on Tuesday evening.The police said Sangeeta Deshpande and her sister Sakshi were in search of government job when they came in contact with the accused, Manoj Chandel.The accused with one other convinced the women that he would fix their jobs in the zila panchayat office and demanded a sum of Rs 1 lakh in return.Later, the deal was fixed for Rs 80,000 that the two paid to the conman. The police said the accused sent forged call letters to them and asked them to appear for the interview. They reportedly said the interview was just a formality and their jobs were already finalized, the police said.But when the two women reached the zila panchayat office for an interview they came to know that there is no vacancy in the department and the call letters were forged.Subsequently, they contacted Chandel and asked him to return the money. But when he refused after dilly-dallying for few days, the victims lodged a police complaint.The accused is at large and efforts are on to nab him, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16759249", "title": "All India United Democratic Front wants BTC victims resettled in 'original homes'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) on Wednesday asked the state government to rehabilitate all those who were displaced in the recent ethnic clash between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims to their \"original homes\" in the Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD).After the party's general council meeting here, AIUDF working president Aditya Langthasa said the legal process of identification of citizenship or other criteria for residing in the BTAD should be carried out only after all the displaced persons are rehabilitated to their homes.\"These people who are still living in relief camps were displaced from the BTAD. So the first step should be to rehabilitate them to the places from where they were displaced. Once that is done, the legal processes can follow. Unfortunately, the government is carrying out the rehabilitation and the legal processes at the same time. We are opposed to this,\" Langthasa said in a media interaction after the meeting.The general council meet, in which AIUDF's West Bengal units also took part, has reelected perfume baron Badruddin Ajmal as president.Although Ajmal was present in the media interaction, he allowed his deputy to do most of the talking, saying he would express his views on the rehabilitation only after he meets chief minister Tarun Gogoi later in the evening on Wednesday.\"I have freshly taken the charge of president. So I will speak after I meet the chief minister on the progress of assurances he had given us two weeks back. All I can say right now is that the people living in relief camps should go back to their original homes and should live peacefully in the BTAD,\" Ajmal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760331", "title": "Temple to be developed at Kundalpur", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced that the temple at Kundalpur will be developed. It will be done with the help of the Archaeology department. Addressing a function on the occasion of community kshamawani mahotsav organized at his residence on Wednesday, he said that Rs 10 crore have been sanctioned for the development of Digambar, Shwetambar and Taaran Taran Jain centres of pilgrimage in the state.Jain Sant Acharya Vidyasagar Gau Samvardhan Yojna is being implemented in Madhya Pradesh. It is the only scheme in the country in the name of a Jain sant, the spokesman said .Chief minister Chouhan said Jain religion shows the path of love and not fight, coordination and not revenge. A coward person cannot forgive others. It can be done only by the person who is brave. The chief minister said he salutes the spirit of Jain followers' sentiment of well-being towards all living beings.He also said the world's first cow sanctuary would open in the state on December 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761678", "title": "Govt ignores NRIs\u2019 bid to promote Durga Puja globally", "text": "KOLKATA: An NRI couple wants to take Durga Puja to the world but the Bengal government is playing hard to get.Not only has the tourism department ignored the request for jointly promoting the festival, a politician associated with a popular community puja allegedly asked Jaydeep and Swaguna Mukherjee \"what was in it for him if he cooperated\".Another politician allegedly demanded over Rs 1 lakh for access to a puja he patronizes. Thankfully, Kolkata Police has warmed up to the idea of making the Puja tourists feel invited.\"The idea occurred to us at Montreal airport in 2010. 'India 'Tourism had mounted a montage showcasing the country's diverse festivals as part of the Incredible India campaign. My wife noticed there were snapshots from Pushkar Mela, Dussehra and Onam but Durga Puja was missing. That's when we made it a mission to showcase the festival before a global audience,\" said Jaydeep, president of Meghdutam Travels Canada Inc.In 2010 and 2011, Jaydeep and Swaguna flew down to Kolkata to capture the mother of all festivals in camera. Last November, they screened it as a documentary at the Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal, an association of businesses that has under its fold several Fortune 500 companies. The delegates watched mesmerized as a festival more vibrant than Rio Carnival and Oktoberfest unfolded before them.Delighted by the response, the duo approached India Tourism that agreed to finance roadshows on Durga Puja in Montreal, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Toronto and Halifax. They then decided to send an exploratory team to Kolkata to feel the Puja so that they could then act as ambassadors.\"We contacted the tourism department. Though they were keen at first, there has been no response since,\" said Joydeep.The 28-member team will arrive on October 21, Saptami. That evening, they will be treated to a dance drama, Mahisasur Mardini. The next day, they will witness Kumari puja at Belur Math, followed by visits to prominent pujas in north and central Kolkata. On Navami, the team will get to see some more pujas. Dashami morning will be at Bagbazar Sarbojanin where they will witness 'sindhur khela'. Later that evening, the tourists will enjoy a cruise on the Hooghly while watching the immersion of idols.\"The puja committees have been extremely helpful. Unfortunately, government organizations don't see it that way,\" said Swaguna.Tourism minister Rachpal Singh, however, said he was aware of the trip and assured cooperation. \"We will take care of guests from Canada, organize bus trips and present our culture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761159", "title": "EC to maintain shadow account of canvassing cost", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The poll officials will be maintaining a shadow expenditure register of the contestants to restrict the flow of suspicious cash during the days of election campaign. Apart from the candidates maintaining a day-to-day record of their expenditure, the returning officers will also be maintaining a shadow account.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra, who is also the district electoral officer (DEO), said here on Wednesday that whenever a candidate approaches his office for holding rallies or meetings, the candidate will have to submit details about expenses being incurred for the same. He will have to tell how much would be spent on stage, chairs and other things.The list will be given to a videographer, who would video record the rally. Later the two would be tallied. If the money spent is found to be in excess of what is declared by the candidate, the sum would be added to his poll expenditure. Nehra said that videographers are being trained.Services of experts will be used to determine the expenditure incurred by every candidate. Five separate teams would be formed to keep a tab on the expenditure by various candidates in the fray. The candidates are supposed to carry out their poll campaign within a limit of Rs 16 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761305", "title": "Mohallah Committees could have prevented Gopalgarh incident: Habibullah", "text": "JAIPUR: 'Had there been a Mohallah Committee, the communal incident of Gopalgarh could have been averted, observed National Commission for Minorities (NCM) chairperson Wazahat Habibullah while addressing a national workshop titled 'Strengthening the role of women in Mohallah Committees' here on Wednesday.\"Communal riots are unfortunate. In Gopalgarh, 10 people were killed in police firing. Had there been a presence of Mohallah Committee involving people of different communities, the situation might have been resolved among them,\" Habibullah said, addressing the workshop organized by Shiv Charan Mathur Social Policy Research Institute.The NCM chairperson also stressed on the need to expand the framework of these local bodies. \"Resolving communal harmony along with actively participating in government scheme and policies should also be on the agenda of Mohallah Committee members,\" said Habibullah who urged police department to motivate people and ensure that people of good credentials come to the fore.Habibullah also suggested the need of having Mohallah Committees in rural areas due to rising cases of communal tension. Referring to the contribution made by women in the growth and sustenance of humanity at large, he said whenever women had taken up a challenge, they emerged victorious.Sharing his thoughts the difference a Mohallah Committee can make, Habibullah said, \"The Mumbai riots of 1992 took place after demolition of the Babri masjid which was a thousand kilometer away from Mumbai. Thereafter, terrorist struck Mumbai many times but no major communal riot took place, thanks to the Mohallah Committees involving women who have averted many human tragedies.\"During the workshop, Julio Ribeiro, a former police officer from Maharsatra, shared his experiences of working with Mohalla Committees in Mumbai's slum localities and explained how successful these committees had been in maintaining communal harmony even during sensitive situations.He applauded the role of women in such committees who are act as means for effective communications for the messages of harmony.\"Women as mothers had been teachers for their children and could play immensely significant role in molding the mindsets of their children in favour of positive values necessary for harmonious relations in society,\" the former police officer said.Mahir Azad, chairman of state minorities commission, gave instances of positive contributions that Mohallah Committees have made in upholding communal harmony during tense situations. He stressed on the need to give these committees institutional framework or legal sanction to make their interventions more effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16759312", "title": "Union ministry of development of northeastern region plans to link Northeast with international cities", "text": "AGARTALA: The Union ministry of development of northeastern region (DoNER) is all set to implement a multi-modal transport project for linking Mizoram and an inland waterway to the Bay of Bengal through the Sittwe Port in Myanmar .A DoNER official on Wednesday said that since Mizoram is located at the southernmost corner of the northeast, it could be the region's second business hub if it is connected with the Bay of Bengal. Besides another project to connect the northeast with Thailand by road along with a proposed rail connection from Delhi to Hanoi in Vietnam through the northeast is also underway.The DoNER ministry is coordinating developmental projects undertaken by the Centre in all northeastern states and also looking at new initiatives in the region for infrastructural development. The ministry informed that the laying of new railway tracks in 13 locations across 965 km, connecting state capitals and major places of the region, is progressing well, while gauge conversion in four lines across 1510 km and doubling of railway lines across 45 km is going on as per schedule.During the 11{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan, Rs 7,881.80 crore was invested in the railway sector of the northeast. The ministry is committed to spend Rs 16,153 crore on ongoing projects, most of which are likely to be completed by 2015-16, they said. The Union ministry of civil aviation has been operating flights from 11 operational airports, while efforts are being made to restart 12 non-operational airports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759558", "title": "Live-in on the rise as Chennai finds love in office", "text": "CHENNAI: For Arijit Nag and Madhumita Biswas (names changed), what started out as a smart way to split living costs in the city soon blossomed into something more worthwhile. The couple, who had been living together for a little more than a year, intend to walk down the aisle in a few months time.Probably taking a cue from Hollywood stars Brangelina and Bollywood couple Saifeena, an increasing number of people in the city, especially those working in the same office, are opting for live-in relationships. There is also a growing social acceptance of this trend in metros, say counsellors.\"In corporate environments, men and women often have to work together for long hours. They spend a lot of time with their colleagues working on assignments so there are more chances of getting involved with each other,\" says Dr Rajan B Bhonsle, a Mumbai-based psychiatrist and family counsellor.The social fabric of Chennai has changed over the last few years, say counsellors in the city. With IT companies and BPOs setting up shop, people from all over the country have joined the workforce here. \"Many of them have live-in relationships. Since they are not from Chennai, their parents often do not know about it,\" says Dr Saras Bhaskar, a counselling psychologist.Youngsters prefer a live-in relationship to marriage as they feel it gives them more freedom and time to understand their partner.\"A marriage means commitment towards one's partner till death,\" says Arijit Nag, an IT professional who stays in Velachery. \"There is no point getting married and then regretting it. It is better to have a live-in relationship as you will get to know your partner better.\"His partner Madhumita shares his views. \"When couples live together, their understanding of each other grows,\" she says. \"It is also convenient as it is difficult for people who are new to the city to find a safe place to stay.\"Dr Bhaskar says live-in relationships are common in metros like New Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai. \"While these couples are attached to each other, they should be able to deal with the consequences if the relationship goes sour as it can have emotional and financial implications,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16759308", "title": "Manipur parliamentary secretary given portfolios", "text": "IMPHAL: Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh allocated portfolios to five parliamentary secretaries under Section 3 of the Manipur Parliamentary Secretary (appointment, salary and allowances and miscellaneous provisions) Act, 2012, on Tuesday.The five Congress legislators, including two tribals and a Muslim, were administered the oath of office and secrecy as parliamentary secretaries by the chief minister on Monday.Keisham Maghachandra was allocated minor irrigation, information and public relations, while Mairembam Prithiviraj was given charge of Youth Affairs and Sports (YAS) and tourism. Victor Keishing was allocated tribal affairs and hills and Information Technology (IT). Victor is the son of Rajya Sabha MP and former chief minister Rishang Keishing.Vungzagin Valte was given charge of horticulture, soil conservation and Command Area Development Agency (Cada) while Md Amin Shah has been entrusted to assist in the departments of minorities, other backward classes (OBC) and scheduled castes, and science and technology.Sources said the parliamentary secretaries shall be attached to the concerned ministries and will assist the ministers responsible for the ministries in discharging their duties.Meanwhile, the Election Commission has appointed four IAS officers of the state as electoral roll observers for different districts. The observers will be provided all required handbooks and relevant materials by the office of the state chief electoral officer, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761582", "title": "No more queues, paying taxes now a click away in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state took yet another leap in its process of tax collection by launching an e-receipt portal system on Wednesday. Bengal is the second state after Orissa to have a central e-receipt portal system.State finance minister Amit Mitra said that the new system will help reduce intermediaries for tax payment and will certainly enhance tax collection volumes.Sources said that the portal was a joint effort. The state finance department with the support of National Informatics Centre (NIC) has developed this central e-receipt portal known as the government receipt portal system (GRIPS) for online and offline submission of all tax, non-tax revenue and other deposits made to the state government.\"This is a huge step towards e-governance. It will help the user to login and pay his taxes directly without the help of any accountant or intermediaries. Under this system, payment can be made 24x7 from anywhere in the country,\" Mitra told reporters at the Writers' Buildings. Any transaction at any point of time will directly go to the treasury, he added.The tax payers will no more need to go through a nightmarish experience of standing in long queues, or running after middlemen to get their taxes paid on time.Although the departments like commercial tax and excise - in which maximum tax collection takes place - has been integrated with the launch of the new system, many other departments are yet to come under its purview.\"We have set a deadline of December 31, 2012, for integration of all departments,\" Mitra said. This centralized e-portal would be available on the finance department's website for taxpayers or depositors to deposit all types of state government dues, taxes and fees.The minister added that the state government has mopped up Rs 25,000 crore tax in the last fiscal and in this fiscal (2012-13), it expects to collect Rs 31,000 crore as tax. \"The year we took over the state from the Left Front government, the state tax collection was Rs 21,000 crore. Within two years, we are now expecting Rs 31,000 crore as tax, which is Rs 10,000 crore higher than what they (erstwhile Left Front government) achieved,\" he said.Mitra said that the small companies will be allowed to make offline payments till December 31, 2012. Till then, it will collect its unique transaction number from GRIPS and can deposit the tax amount physically to any bank (both private and public).Through this system, the companies can also have instant credit reconciliation. \"This will help reduce fraudulent practices. Intermediaries will be eliminated and it will be a more transparent process,\" the finance minister added.So far, excise, commercial tax and transport have been fully integrated under this system. But very soon property registration will also be integrated followed by land revenue collection, assured NIC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16759674", "title": "Carcass of tiger found, poaching ruled out", "text": "Chandrapur: The decomposed carcass of a tiger was discovered in the Chandrapur range of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) buffer zone, on Wednesday. Forest officials have ruled out any foul play. They said that the animal didi died due to old age.The carcass was found in compartment number 590 of Chorgaon forest. This has taken the number of tiger deaths in the district to 10 this year.Sources said that the forest officials were engaged in routine sampling and counting of bamboo clumps in the area when they found the decaying carcass. \"The carcass is around three-days-old. All the body parts of the tiger are intact and there were no injuries. Hence, the possibility of death due to poaching or fight with another tiger is ruled out,\" said deputy director, TATR (Buffer), P Kalyankumar.He claimed that the tiger appears to have died due to old age. \"The dead tiger appears to be over 12-years-old. Signs found on the spot suggested that the beast had rested there for a long time. It then moved ahead a little. Sat down again and died,\" he said.Senior forest officers including field director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari, probationary IFS officer, Ninu Somraj and ACF Arun Tikhe rushed to the spot on getting information. Inquest formalities took a long time and got finished late in the evening. Hence, officers decided to carry out post mortem on Thursday.Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar will perform the autopsy in the presence of representatives of PCCF and NTCA on Thursday morning. Forest guards have been posted at the spot to guard the carcass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16759998", "title": "Builders say need of the hour, others ask whose need exactly?", "text": "PANAJI: Citizens are hoping that the crass exploitation of loopholes in the regulations are curbed.\"Another amendment should be put in place to restrict the use of commercial areas for residential purposes,\" said Sylvester D'Souza, a Panaji-based consulting engineer.The idea of earmarking different zones-commercial, residential, institutional or recreational-is basically for varied land use.\"It is to have different nature of activities which support each other. When you have commercial zones, you need to have commercial zones as defined in the Act. Though certain percentage of mixed use is allowed, 100% residential use in commercial zone is clearly misuse,\" said architect Ritu Prasad.The commercial areas in suburban areas were carved out to decongest cities like Panaji and to provide conveniently commercial facilities.\"Here this objective has been completely lost, and only adds pressure on these areas,\" Prasad added.Sources said the FAR has been misused in commercial areas by the real estate in Socorro, Porvorim and other areas too.\"This has created more pressure on infrastructure and worsened problems of parking, power and water supply, and garbage management in areas like Porvorim,\" said Prasad.Nitin Salker, president of confederation of real estate developers' associations of India (CREDAI), Goa, could not be contacted, but Datta Naik, a former president said highrise buildings in downtown areas and countryside can provide relief from the massive requirement for housing. \"There is no way but to go highrise in downtown areas to solve the problem,\" said Naik.Another CREDAI source said the cities world over have realized this aspect.\"Nobody will build flats in a central commercial area like 18th June Road... it has to be in the suburbs,\" the source said.If there is any anomaly in zoning, it has to be rectified. \"If you have more FAR, the cost of land and construction goes down and each unit costs less,\" the source added.But other stakeholders argue that the present boom hardly caters to the local population.\"It is catering more to the creation of second homes, holiday homes and real estate speculation,\" Prasad concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760518", "title": "Higher power consumption will not cost more for now", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Banking heavily on hopes of a heavy North-east monsoon by October midweek, Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission on Wednesday turned down the Kerala State Electricity Board's (KSEB) demand for permission to introduce higher charges for all consumers using power beyond a certain level.The commission in its interim order appealed to consumers of all categories to impose self-restriction in consumption, especially during peak hours. However, despite saving consumers from an immediate financial shock, the commission also warned them about the possibility of introducing surcharge on the power they use from October 2012 to March 2013, if the state misses the retreating monsoon. In that case, the additional cost being incurred by KSEB for sourcing high priced thermal power during this period might be passed onto consumers by way of surcharge to be paid from the second quarter of 2013.KSEB in its petition had sought the commission's permission to restrict consumption by domestic consumers to 200 units per month. For industrial and commercial consumers, it wanted restriction by 75 per cent of their average usage. For power used by all consumers beyond the proposed restrictions, it wanted to collect the actual cost incurred for purchase of thermal power, which comes to around Rs 12 per unit.According to the commission, the High Tension and Extra High Tension consumers should voluntarily limit their consumption during the peak hours to 75% of their normal average peak consumption with immediate effect. The commission would review the power situation by the end of November and pass final orders on the current petition filed by the board.Meanwhile, even top officials in the board, on condition of anonymity, said the commission's interim order might turn out to be a heavy blow to the consumers.\"The interim order says that the surcharge (if imposed) would be on par with the additional cost incurred by KSEB for purchase of high cost power.The board only asked for higher price for power used by consumers beyond a certain limit. However, if the surcharge as mooted by the commission is implemented, consumers will have to share all additional expenses being incurred by the board for power purchase from October 2012 to March 13,\" they said.The commission also directed KSEB to intimate immediate action for medium and long-term power purchase and aggressive promotional steps for alternative sources of energy.Banking heavily on the hopes for a heavy North-east monsoon by October midweek, Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission here on Wednesday turned down the Kerala State Electricity Board's demand for permission to introduce higher price for power used by all consumers beyond certain level.The commission in its interim order appealed consumers of all categories to impose self-restriction in power consumption, especially in the peak hours. However, while saving consumers from an immediate financial shock, the commission also warned them about the possibility of introducing surcharge on the power they use from October 2012 to March 2013, if the state misses the retreating monsoon too.In that case, the additional cost being incurred by the board for sourcing high priced thermal power during this may be passed onto consumers by way of surcharge to be paid from the second quarter of 2013.The board in its petition sought the commission's permission to restrict power consumption by domestic consumers to 200 units per month. For industrial and commercial consumers, the board wanted the commission's permission to restrict use of power by 75 percentage of their average usage. For power used by all consumers beyond the restrictions proposed, the board wanted permission to collect the actual cost incurred for purchase of thermal power, which comes around Rs 12 per unit.According to the commission, the High Tension and Extra High Tension consumers should voluntarily limit their consumption during the peak hours to 75 per cent of their normal average peak consumption with immediate effect. The commission would review the power situation by the end of November and pass final orders on the current petition filed by the board.Meanwhile, even top officials in the board on condition of anonymity said the commission's interim order might turn out to be a heavy blow to the consumers. The interim order says that the surcharge (if imposed) would be on par with the additional cost incurred by the board for purchase of high cost power. The board only asked for higher price for power used by consumers beyond a certain limit. However, if the surcharge as mooted by the commission is implemented, the consumers will have to share whole additional expense being incurred by the board for power purchase from October 2012 to March 13'', they said.The commission also directed the board to intimate immediate action for medium and long term power purchase and aggressive promotional steps for alternative sources of energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760904", "title": "Four held for robbing SIM deliverymen", "text": "MUMBAI: A former BPO employee and three of his friends were arrested by the Malwani police for robbing half a dozen agents of various cellphone service providers. The group would call up leading service providers asking for new connections and then loot the agents who cam to deliver the SIM cards.As most of their victims shied away from lodging a police complaint, the gang managed to escape detection.The accused, Kadam Sayyad, Shah Rukh Shaikh, Adnan Shandar and Nadeem Shaikh, are all aged between 19 and 21 years of age. Of these,Adnan used to be employed with a BPO and spoke fluent English. He lost his job a fortnight ago.The four youths are residents of Azmi Nagar in Malwani.The robberies came to light when one of the gang's victims, Akash Singh (19), lodged an FIR on Tuesday. \"The accused would first call up a popular telephonic search engine to obtain numbers of cellphone service providers. They would then place orders for three to four Sim cards. The service provider would offer to send an agent to their homes for paperwork, at which the accused would provide the address of a deserted location in Malwani,\" investigating officer Arun Pokharkar said.Once the agent arrived, the gang members would bash him up and rob whatever valuables they could find on him. As the agents were mostly clueless about the topography of Malwani, they were never able to trace the accused again. \"The gang called over at least four agents on the same day, but at different timings, and robbed them of their watches, phones and money. Based on the descriptions provided by Singh, we traced one of the accused. He then led us to his associates.So far, the gang has robbed valuables worth Rs 36,460, of which cops have managed to recover valuables worth Rs 8,500.The accused were produced before a local court on Wednesday. The police has managed to trace four out of six agents robbed by the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759643", "title": "Azad Maidan case: ID parade likely next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch, probing the August 11 rioting case, including the molestation of six women police personnel, is likely to conduct the identification parade (IP) of the three accused inside the Arthur Road jail next week.Sources said that the crime branch will now seek permission of the 37th metropolitan magistrate to carry out the IP parade of the three accused. The police were tightlipped about the names of this accused as it may hamper the probe. Sources said it is becoming tough to convince the victims as they are not ready to come and give statements. \"We are trying to make them understand that being police personnel, if they don't come and identify the accused, then how can they expect the same from the general public,'' said an officer.On Wednesday, the Bombay HC adjourned the bail pleas of the three suspects\u2014Umar Athi Urrahman, Amin Siddqiui and Nazir Mohammed\u2014till October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16760770", "title": "YEIDA puts land transfers on hold", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway Authority (YEIDA) has sent a proposal to the state government for approval of a new policy for land transfers. While probing the ownership of plots, the Authority found 32 violators who had bypassed the rules of allotment and got more than one plot. Rules cite that one person can apply for just one plot. The probe was undertaken after questions were raised over the allotment policy of the Authority.\"There was need to overhaul the process of land transfer and we have sent a proposal to the state government. Till we get a nod, no transfers of plots will be allowed,\" said Authority ACEO, HK Verma. The official, however, did give a deadline as to when the policy would be finalized so that ownership transfer process could resume.In another irregularity, 24 allotments were found to be in the same name during the probe by Authority officials. The Authority has sent notices to these allottees seeking their stand into the irregularities. The Authority has also decided to take stringent action against the violators and those allotments found faulty would be cancelled. \"Not only will allotments be cancelled, but money submitted to the Authority would be seized. If required, an FIR will also be registered against them,\" said an official.\"Such cases become controversial in the long run and ultimately hamper development in the region. Also, various protests take place against such irregularities. The Authority should take stringent action against the violators,\" said Orris Group MD, Amit Gupta.\"There is a need to streamline processes in the Yamuna Expressway Authority. A confusion persists not only in allotments, but also in other cases. The Authority's move is a step in the right direction,\" said Vinit Gupta, director Ajnara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762163", "title": "Inmate commits suicide at remand home", "text": "VARANASI: An inmate of Government Remand Home (GRH), Ramnagar committed suicide by hanging himself in the bathroom of the remand home under Ramnagar police station on Wednesday. The custodial death brought district officials on their toes and the DM Saurabh Babu has ordered a probe into the matter.According to reports, as per routine, the pre-lunch counting of GRH inmates took place around 10.30 am. All the inmates then reached the mess for lunch while 17-year-old Rajesh (name changed) went to the bathroom located at the first floor of the remand home. He locked the door from inside and hanged himself with the help of a cotton towel. The incident came to light when other inmates found the bathroom locked from inside and the remand home staff broke open the door to find the body hanging from an angle rod in the ceiling.The matter was immediately reported to the Ramnagar police and officials of the district administration. City magistrate Mahendra Prasad and SDM Sadar AK Shukla who reached the spot were met by sloganeering by the inmates of the remand home. The father of the boy, Pramod Kanojia, and other family members also reached the remand home.The body was sent for postmortem around 4 pm. Taking a serious note of the incident, the DM asked the ADM (City) M P Singh to conduct a preliminary enquiry in this matter. He said that further investigation as per norms prescribed in cases of custodial death would also be started very soon.Reports stated that Rajesh, a resident of Madhopur locality under Sigra police station was an accused in case of kidnapping of a girl Priyanka Srivastava, a native of Jagatganj.He was employed at a diagnostic centre as computer operator. Priyanka was also employed at the same centre. She was missing since June 27 after which her family lodged a named FIR against Rajesh, Shakila Bano and Ramesh (who also worked at the same center) in this connection with Chetganj police on July 18. After the arrest of all accused persons on July 29, they were sent to district jail. Later, after confirmation of Rajesh's age during medical examination, he was shifted to GRH on September 3.A suicide note was also recovered from Rajesh in which he had confessed his mistake. His father Pramod, who is lawyer by profession, said when he had visited GRH to meet his son last Sunday, he had hinted that he would end his life.Pramod alleged that money had been demanded for Rajesh's release but due to his weak financial condition, he was unable to fulfill such demands. He said Rajesh had became more depressed due to this, and this was also mentioned in his suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760304", "title": "Samrat Vikramaditya, a grand treat for stage lovers", "text": "BHOPAL: Finishing touches are being given to the grand paraphernalia required to stage Samrat Vikramaditya, a the mega-play that will be staged here at Motilal stadium on October 11 and 12.The play will be staged by a team of over 300 artistes from Ujjain on five revolving stages, stretching over 300 feet in length. Some of these stages are three-storied. The staging of play would require 200KW of power.Inspired by the play Janta Raja based on the legend of Shivaji, the play would be of two hour duration and there would be one show from 7 pm.Explaining the problems faced by the makers of the play, Sanjeev Malviya, its director said, \"We had to use the cycle stand and scooter stands for rehearsal in Ujjain as we did not get a big space to carry out the practice sessions. We also use the Kalidas academy open ground for the rehearsals.\" \"We have used horses in the play to bring life to the play,\" he said.Malviya said, \"I have not used the traditional style to develop the play. It's an experiment with huge sets and large number artistes.\"Malviya who works as an announcer in Akashwani in Indore, had conceived the play in 2006. He started working with the theatre as a child. The first show of the play was held in 2007.The cost of staging one play is about Rs 15 lakh. So far 25 shows of the play have taken place in Ujjain, Indore, Dhar and Gwalior cities, he told TOI.The role of the king Vikramaditya has been played by Bhushan Jain, a documentary maker by profession.\"I feel proud as I don the costumes and play the king Vikramaditya. I think he was the first freedom fighter of India who had fought against the invaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16759303", "title": "30 tokay geckos seized in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur Police on Wednesday afternoon seized 30 tokay geckos, a rare reptile specie, from the smugglers during an operation at Waikhong village in Thoubal district.The value of one adult tokay gecko can go up to Rs 20 lakh in some Asian countries.The reptiles, kept inside a wooden box, were found from two labourers. They have been identified as Kh Nganba (65) and S Ibomcha Singh (60), said Thuobal People For Animals (PFA) managing trustee Lourembam Bishwajit Meitei.The geckos were caught by the duo from Bupi forest in Churachandpur district. They would rear the reptiles and sell them for a handsome amount, added Bishwajit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760183", "title": "PGI doc corrects rare birth defect, opens a new horizon in ophthalmology", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A four-month-old child from Jind, who had a rare birth defect \u2014 of two joint corneas and two lenses in the right eye -- has been provided with good vision after a successful surgical implantation of intraocular (artificial) lens.In a first of such treatment modality offered in the world, as endorsed by the prestigious European Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, a PGI doctor has corrected the deformity and opened the way for management of such lens disorders in children born with the defect.This has opened a new horizon of management of disorders which affect eyesight. Having recently corrected a rare lens birth defect, Dr Jagat Ram has been able to successfully operate this challenging condition.Shikha, who is now one year and three months, had conjoined corneas and two crystalline lenses in her right eye as opposed to a normal eye which has one lens. The two lenses, positioned side by side, disabled her from viewing with clarity. As there had been no surgical management of the disorder -- known as double crystalline lens - Shikha, who had big eyes due to conjoined cornea and double lenses, would have otherwise remained visually impaired for life.By implanting a specially designed lens in the eye after surgically collapsing the two natural lenses, Shikha's defect has been corrected by operation. \"In a normal eye, the lens is so positioned that the light gets focused at one point for image to be formed on retina. However in the double crystalline lens, the light rays could not focus image on one point and they get diverted elsewhere without formation of single image on the retina,\" said Prof Jagat Ram.Prevalence of this particular condition is considered extremely rare. \"This defect occurs due to duplication of crystalline lens in the first three months of foetus formation. The exact cause is unknown but it is most probably hereditary,\" said the ophthalmologist.Cataract incidenceThere are 20 million people blind due to cataract worldwide which is projected to swell to 40 million by 2020 by the WHO. Of the several causes of blindness, age-related cataract is most common. Childhood blindness due to cataract contributes significantly and poses a management challenge. Congenital defect in the eyes, particularly cornea, lens and retina, are most complicated to handle and often lead to impaired vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16762499", "title": "Arkavathy work will start only in January", "text": "BANGALORE: Arkavathy Layout site allottees can look forward to January 15, 2013, when the BDA has promised to start work on providing civic amenities. But the allottees have no reason to believe that the new deadline will be met. BDA officials who spoke to them blew hot and cold and even threw up their hands in despair during a meeting here on Wednesday.A BDA deputy secretary even told a delegation of the Arkavathy Layout Allottees' Association that called on commissioner T Sham Bhatt that the issue has got delayed as the situation has gone out of their control.Bhatt, who took charge in September, was no better. He lost his cool several times during the discussion with the allottees, who have paid lakhs of rupees to the BDA and are awaiting their dream sites for nearly a decade. \"Let me refund the money you have given for the allotment of sites. I can't do any better,\" Bhatt said. When the allottees were skeptical about his new deadline, the commissioner shot back: \"Do you want me to go to Arkavathy Layout with a gun in hand and go on a shooting spree? The entire layout saga can then be brought to an end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16761914", "title": "Teenager killed in Garhwa blaze", "text": "GARHWA: A teenager was burnt alive and his uncle sustained burns in a fire that broke out at Chinia village under Chinia block of the district on Tuesday night.Ragib Raza (16), son of Md Farid was burnt alive and his uncle Izhar Ansari, a local legislator's representative sustained serious injuries in his effort to rescue him from the fire that broke out in their house on Tuesday night. \"The seriously injured Izhar Ansari was rushed to Garhwa Sadar Hospital from where he was referred to RIMS, Ranchi,\" Sadar Hospital sources said.Property worth Rs 4 lakh was reduced to ashes in the fire. \"The cause of the fire, however, could not be ascertained,\" police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761307", "title": "Mamata may go Anna way, fast in Delhi against FDI", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Manmohan Singh government facing stiff opposition on retail FDI entry from parties that are providing it life support, Mamata Banerjee has planned an all-India campaign to boost the anti-FDI mood further.She will begin her crusade with a protest rally in Haryana on November 2 and may even emulate Gandhian activist Anna Hazare by holding a fast in Delhi to protest against price rise and corruption.The Trinamool Congress chief's 26-day hunger strike in Kolkata in 2006 against land acquisition in Singur had set in motion events that ultimately led to the ouster of the Left Front government in Bengal after 34 years. Party sources say Mamata is happy with the feedback on her October 1 Jantar Mantar rally and may repeat the act at either Jantar Mantar or Ram Leela Maidan on November 22 and 23 in a show of strength on the eve of Parliament's winter session.Trinamool Congress organizers, drawing up Mamata Banerjee's agitation programme, say the agitation would help the party corner the government inside Parliament, project the Bengal chief minister as a crusader against anti-people policies, and help her garner the support she needs to move a no-confidence motion against the UPA II government.Trinamool leaders argue that even if Didi fails to gather the numbers, her consistent opposition would expose the double standard of some among the opposition, including the Left, who have been opposing FDI in retail , insurance and pension but are reluctant to pull down the Manmohan Singh government.Mamata might also tour parts of Himachal Pradesh where she plans to field candidates in the Assembly polls scheduled on November 4.However, the Bengal chief minister will give Odisha a miss possibly because CM Naveen Patnaik has ruled out her proposal for a federal front as \"too premature\". Mamata may also hold a rally in Lucknow on November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759538", "title": "Draw of the gun for the world of glamour", "text": "MUMBAI: Singer Asha Bhosle's admission that her licenced gun went missing 30 years ago brings into focus the fascination celebrities have for firearms and how the police over the years have dealt with their requests.Recently, they gave permission to a top actor to buy new firearms after closing the investigation into his missing pistol, said sources, adding that ideally, the police should have suggested cancellation of the arms licence.The actor had informed Bandra police in August 2007 that his .32 Colt pistol had gone missing from either his home or office. It was one of the two firearms he had acquired on a weapons licence issued by the Haryana government. The source said after the police gave a report in favour of the actor three months ago, he bought a new gun.Besides sportspersons (shooters), citizens facing a threat to their lives or feeling the need to guard property can apply for an arms licence. A police officer said most applicants face no danger to their lives. \"They consider it a status symbol,\" said the officer.\"Often, people use their influence to get gun licences by avoiding police scrutiny. The police are supposed to verify all facts and issue the licence only if they are satisfied with the applicant's request,\" said RTI activist Chetan Kothari.Also, the police are supposed to review the weapons and situation of a licence holder every year before its renewal. Cops rarely follow the procedure strictly, admitted another police officer.On Tuesday, singer Asha Bhosle told the police that she lost a gun 30 years ago and it might have been the one used by her daughter Varsha to kill herself. At least two other members of her family hold licenced weapons - her brother Hridayanath Mangeshkar has a.32 pistol and her youngest son Anand a.45 pistol.Another issue is the licence many infirm senior citizens hold. \"What's the point of a bed-ridden person having a weapon? Senior citizens who are unable to handle their weapons should surrender them to the police,\" said Pratap Dighavkar, deputy commissioner of police (zone 9).In many instances, after the death of a weapons licence holder, his/her nearest relations request the police to transfer the coveted licence in their name. Recently, after the death of Dev Anand , his son Suneil requested the police to transfer his father's licence to his name. The police were of the view that he did not face any threat, but finally accepted his request.The police rejected over 80% firearms application last year, including one from actor Rahul Bhatt, who had unknowingly befriended David Headley, who later turned out to be an LeT terrorist who had helped plan the Mumbai attacks of 26/11.Last year, he was in the news again when his friend Vikram Lamba, brother of actor Mallika Sherawat , accidentally discharged one of his licenced guns while showing them to Bhatt. The bullet missed a student of a government institution in the opposite building. The police arrested Lamba for negligence and got his licence cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759660", "title": "All tainted VIDC tenders were okayed by Ajit Pawar", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) officials are facing a departmental inquiry, their colleagues have pointed out that all the alleged irregularities committed by them got final approval from the then deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Specific orders were in force that no work order on a tender could be issued without the minister's approval 'to ensure better financial management'.A probe has been ordered against 45 officers, including VIDC's former executive director DP Shirke, following recommendations of the Vadnere Committee. The committee instituted in March 2010 studied costs of tenders floated from 2006 to 2010 and found government rules were flouted in 90 tenders out of the 190 examined.However, in May 2005, a letter had been issued to all irrigation development corporations (IDCs) of the state that no work order should be issued without the minister's approval. Work order are the final approval to the tender, after which the contractor can go ahead with the job.The communication cited better financial management to instruct that all work orders should be first placed before the IDC chairman. Pawar, in his capacity as minister, was ex-officio chairman of VIDC and all other corporations.TOI has documents showing work orders approved by Pawar as well as DP Shirke. The latter is now a secretary in the water resources department (WRD) and is also facing a probe.The documents with TOI relate to orders issued in 2008 and 2009. Each paper approving a work order reiterates that the minister's permission is needed to ensure maximum irrigation with the current financial resources with VIDC. Earlier, work orders were signed by officers of chief engineer level. Currently, six chief engineers are facing the probe.The Vadnere committee's probe covered all tenders above Rs1 crore during this period. Tenders above Rs1 crore were signed by Pawar while those between Rs50 lakh to a crore were cleared by the minster of state.Sources say that by just signing the work orders Pawar appears to have kept himself safe from being questioned about lapses in the tenders. The tenders were approved by chief engineers, now facing the probe, while Pawar just signed the work order subsequently.\"However, since the order regarding the minister himself signing the work orders was issued on grounds of ensuring better financial management, why didn't Pawar do the required due diligence so that cost escalation could be controlled,\" asks BJP MLA from South West Nagpur Devendra Fadnavis.The committee's report has not directly named any officer, but pointed out lapses in procedure. On the basis of this, VIDC forwarded the names of officers to face an inquiry to the water resources department, which issued the final order for an inquiry.A list of 14 names was sent in the first batch after the Vadnere report on contracts in Gosikhurd project was released in 2010. Six months later, this was followed up with eight names after the same committee submitted the report on works on other projects.Another 14 officials were named for an inquiry on the basis of the report by the Mendhgiri Committee, which probed the reasons for cracks developing in Gosikhurd dam canals. The latest list of 45 officers was sent by VIDC over a year ago, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16760098", "title": "Police recover gun used in September 24 Anjuna murder", "text": "Mapusa: Making headway into the September 24 murder of a woman, Rita Almeida, in Anjuna, the Anjuna police recovered a gun allegedly used to kill her.The police on Wednesday recovered the gun hidden in the sand at Anjuna beach.\"We recovered an air gun-type gun allegedly used by the accused, Ubaldo Fernandes. Prima facie, the gun looks like a modified air gun. It will be sent to the ballistic experts for an examination,\" a senior police official said.On September 24, Almeida was found dead at her residence and Fernandes was later arrested by the Anjuna police on suspicion after a post mortem report found a bullet in Rita's lungs.A case under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code has been registered against Fernandes, police said. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759491", "title": "Drunk and driven by lust, Mumbai taxi driver runs over six", "text": "MUMBAI: Six people, including two girls, suffered severe injuries early on Wednesday morning after an unknown taxi driver, presumably drunk, ran over them. The cabbie allegedly made an initial attempt to misbehave with women sleeping on the footpath. Thrashed by other pavement dwellers, he escaped, only to return soon after and run them over.The incident occurred around 1.40am when the unidentified accused stopped his taxi near the footpath where the pavement dwellers, who make baskets and other bamboo objects, were sleeping. \"According to eyewitnesses, the accused tried to enter a mosquito net in which some girls and women were sleeping. One of the men sleeping nearby saw him and raised an alarm. Others present at the spot caught and thrashed him, before he managed to escape in his taxi,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V), Dhananjay Kulkarni.A few minutes later, the driver took a U-turn from Mahim railway station end and returned to the spot to take revenge, hitting three pavement dwellers - Bansi Chouhan (30), Geeta Parmar (20) and her sister Pooja (17)- who were among those standing on the road discussing the incident. Chavan suffered serious head injuries, while Geeta and Pooja got fractured ankles when the taxi dashed into them. \"In a bid to escape after hitting the pavement dwellers, the taxi driver further went on to dash into a biker and two pedestrians on the route towards Dadar, on Senapati Bapat Marg,\" said Mahim senior inspector Dashrat Patil.The bizarre incident lasted for almost 20 minutes, leaving six people injured. The taxi driver is suspected to have been inebriated. \"Around 1.40am, I was returning to my sleeping spot on the pavement from the nearby toilet, when I saw a taxi driver walking towards one of the mosquito nets. He lifted one net where three girls and some women were sleeping and tried to enter. Immediately, the father of one of the girls accosted him. The driver was taken aback to see someone awake,\" a pavement dweller, Shankar Chouhan said.Chouhan said the driver claimed he was searching for water. By then the others woke up and thrashed the driver on learning he was trying to misbehave with the women sleeping inside the net. \"The driver managed to escape and sped away in his taxi. After driving some distance, he returned and tried to run over pavement dwellers who were still standing on the road after the incident. Luckily, all survived,\" he said.Bansi is in the intensive care unit of Bhabha Hospital, Bandra. \"He just went across the road to see what all the commotion was about. Suddenly, the taxi driver hit him from behind and didn't stop even when he fell,\" said his mother. \"Bansi's condition is critical and he is unconscious, on a ventilator,\" said a nurse. A father of three, Bansi makes a living from weaving wicker baskets and lives with his family on a pavement across the one where the incident took place.Hospital sources said three others, including two girls, were brought but were treated on an out-patient basis for fractures and minor injuries and sent home.Kulkarni said they have booked the unknown taxi driver under IPC sections 279 (rash driving), 307 (attempt to murder) and 338 (grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others). \"Section 307 was applied against the taxi driver because he intentionally drove over people who manhandled him for his wrong act,\" said Kulkarni.The events occurred in a flash, before the victims could note down his taxi number. Two beat marshals saw the cabbie driving rashly and chased him, but he managed to vanish in the dark on reaching Dadar. Police are preparing sketches of the taxi driver from eyewitness accounts and finding out whether the outer side of Mahim station has closed-circuit televisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760360", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan joins march for land reforms in Agra", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan travelled to Agra in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday to join the Ekta Parishad Jan Satyagraha protest march of more than 50,000 landless tribals demanding land reforms from the Union government. Chouhan, accompanied by his wife Sadhna and state minister for women and child development Ranjana Baghel, walked five km from Rohta village to COD maidan in Agra to boost the morale of the demonstrators.In addition to the walk, chief minister Chouhan rode a bicycle for six km and interacted with the protestors and enquired about their health.Speaking to the tribal agitators from 26 states across the country, Chouhan assured that his government in Madhya Pradesh will issue pattas'' to poor families for plots of land they have been residing on. He argued that the Union Government should pursue the Land Reforms Act. Chouhan said that the state of Madhya Pradesh will lend utmost support to the Act and extend full cooperation for its implementation. The MP CM also urged chief ministers of other states to unite for safeguarding the rights of the poor.The chief minister recommended the constitution of a committee for drafting the Land Reforms Act which should include people from the grassroots. He said that meeting of this committee should be convened at the earliest and an effective Act implemented.Chouhan was on an official visit to the US when landless tribals under the banner of NGO Ekta Parishad started their march from Gwalior to New Delhi on October 3. On the third day of their march towards the nation's capital, Chouhan who was still in the US addressed the protestors from his mobile phone when the procession had reached Morena just before entering Rajasthan from Madhya Pradesh. In his speech, the chief minister had promised he would return and participate in the march. Thus, he joined demonstration on Wednesday.Addressing the landless tribals on Wednesday, Chouhan argued that tigers should be saved but not by displacing tribals. He added that issues pertaining to the poor are important and a special debate is required on the issues concerning the common man. Defending his government, Chouhan said that land pattas have been given to more than one lakh tribal families in Madhya Pradesh. The process of issuing pattas will continue in the future till every tribal gets the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761682", "title": "Hard times for tech grads", "text": "KOLKATA: The economic slowdown has returned to haunt campuses in Kolkata. To make things worse, public sector companies \u2014 that were among the most preferred after IT jobs \u2014 have stopped campus recruitment this year following a case in Madras high court.Hundreds of grads stepping out with a degree and plenty of hope have either been turned down or asked to seek employment later by companies. The biggest letdown has been by IT firms, which are hit the hardest by the slowdown.Even leading institutions like Jadavpur University, Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu), Presidency University and St Xavier's College are finding it hard to place students in a job. Things could get gloomier next year.Wipro and Infosys have stayed away from JU and Tata Motors, too, cut down recruitment to a third of last year's.To add to the woes, public sector undertakings have given campuses the miss this year. Most Maharatna, Navratna and Miniratna companies are holding open admission tests or shortlisting candidates on the basis of GATE scores.\"This year we will recruit around 1600 fresh graduates this year but only through open recruitment,\" said R Mohandas, director, personnel, Coal India. Indian Oil Corporation Ltd has already advertised for recruitment on GATE scores. \"If we visit campuses this year and the court's verdict later goes against us, the selected students will face a problem,\" said an IOCL official.PSUs like BHEL, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited, HPCL, ONGC, GAIL, NTPC, HAL and GRSE will be sorely missed on Bengal campuses. \"It's a great loss for students. The recruitment season has seen a setback from software majors. PSUs were a good opportunity since they offered lucrative salaries at the entry level,\" said an official of JU's placement cell.Several Besu students are joining core sectors run by software majors. Many have been offered a deferred placement. Metallurgy and mechanical engineering students, who would earlier be picked up by software firms, are now joining mining, medical instrument-making, transportation and resource management divisions of IT firms. \"Lack of business has forced many IT majors to foray into core sectors. They are also recruiting for these sectors than just for software,\" said Besu vice-chancellor Ajay Ray.At Presidency, the recruitment scenario is far from exciting. Never a hot hunting ground for leading companies, the prestigious institution has received only a few pharmaceutical firms. \"Two companies have applied for recruiting students from the economics department. Dr Reddy's Laboratory recruits students from post-graduation classes. Other than these few companies, no one has applied to recruit students,\" said registrar Prabir Dasgupta.St Xavier's has deferred its recruitment programme to next January, ostensibly due to the late Pujas this year. \"Recruitment had dropped by at least 40% last year. We are keeping our fingers crossed this time,\" said Niladri Singha, placement coordinator.A job will no longer be an engineer's birthright, said Suparno Moitra, regional manager, eastern region of Nasscom. \"Traditionally, the IT industry has had 70% engineers on board. Last year, we recruited 46% BCAs and MCAs, while engineers constituted just 33% of our new recruits. The trend could continue in the coming season as the global economic slowdown continues to have an impact on IT recruitment,\" said Moitra. \"The kind of recruitment that had happened in the last 10 years won't happen in the near future. Companies will now be looking at better utilization of the existing workforce.\" Globsyn Business School director Bikram Dasgupta also admitted that the IT slowdown has held back recruitments. \"Companies are still coming in, but recruitment has been affected,\" said Dasgupta.Subrata Mukherjee, MD of Acclaris said: \"While the overall employment scenario remains gloomy, IT recruitment is not even what it was two years ago. It won't change unless the world economy recovers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759384", "title": "India could see rating cut, warns S&P;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's reiterated on Wednesday that there was a significant chance that India's credit rating may be lowered if its external position deteriorated, political climate worsened or fiscal reforms slowed.This is similar to the warning that the agency had released in June this year. In fact, S&P; made it clear that it had not issued anything new on India's sovereign rating but only published the Asia-Pacific sovereign report card, which does not have any new information on India's rating. But the news flashed by agencies was strong enough to spread panic which pulled down the stock market by over 100 points at one point of time and hurt the rupee as well.\"India was the only Asia-Pacific sovereign to see a negative rating action in the past six months. The weaker global economic outlook and domestic policy instability contributed to deteriorating growth prospects and investor confidence in the country,\" S&P; said in its report titled 'Asia-Pacific Sovereign: A Bit of Stability in the Sea of Uncertainty'.\"In our view, there is a significant chance that this trend could eventually affect political, economic, fiscal or external factors to lower the credit rating on India,\" the agency said, adding that the negative outlook signalled at least a one-in-three likelihood of a downgrade of the sovereign rating on India within the next 24 months.It said the agency may revise the outlook back to stable if the government implements initiatives to reduce structural fiscal deficits, improve its investment climate and increases growth prospects. Fiscal measures to lower deficits could include a more efficient use of fuel, fertilizer and agricultural subsidies, or the implementation of a goods and services tax. S&P; had revised the outlook on India's sovereign rating to negative from stable citing the high fiscal deficit, stalled policies, slowing growth and stubborn inflation.But since then, the government has announced several reform measures and raised the price of diesel sharply by Rs 5 a litre and opened up the multi-brand retail sector to foreign supermarkets. Finance minister P Chidambaram has also taken steps to rework the tax law changes announced by his predecessor and has promised more steps to revive sentiment and growth in Asia's third-largest economy.S&P; recently lowered the growth forecast on India for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2013 to 5.5%, from 7% previously, due to weak domestic and external demand.\"Although there is still downside risk because of the uncertain external demand, the negative impact of the monsoon and political paralysis, the declining growth may soon bottom out,\" the agency said. S&P; has a BBB (minus) rating on India, which is one notch above junk bond status.It said after a long wait, the government seems to have reignited reform efforts, and that bodes well for the future development of the country. With two state elections, including Gujarat, which will be held this year, the government has only a small window to implement reforms, the S&P; report said.S&P; said that the political cost, however, had become apparent, with one member of the coalition quitting. \"As a result, the coalition has become the minority in both the upper and lower Houses of Parliament. Although the ruling coalition expects support from friendly parties, the political condition tends to become more fluid ahead of the general election expected in 2014,\" S&P; said.The agency said foreign ownership reforms for the insurance and pension businesses are likely to become more challenging as they need parliamentary approval.It said the central government will record a deficit of about 6% of GDP for the fiscal year ending March 2013, higher than the estimated 5.1%. This was due to weaker-than-expected tax receipts, owing to weaker economic growth, and higher-than-budgeted subsidies.The S&P; report said inflation still remained sticky and way above the central bank's comfort level. \"We therefore expect the RBI to remain cautious in conducting its monetary policy in the coming months,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760859", "title": "Kleinveldt makes Proteas Test squad", "text": "MUMBAI: Rory Kleinveldt, uncapped at Test match level, has been included in the Proteas Test squad for their three-match series in Australia next month.The Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras all-rounder has represented the Proteas in two T20 International matches and would have made his ODI debut against Sri Lanka earlier this year, but for injury.The series ranks the No. 1 ranked Proteas against third-ranked Australia with the three Test matches due to be played at Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth.\"We have given a fully deserved vote of confidence to our Test XI that did so well on the recent tour of England and we have just tweaked our reserve strength slightly to suit expected conditions and the tactical situation,\" said CSA selection convener Andrew Hudson.\"It is tough luck for Lopsy (Lonwabo Tsotsobe) to miss out but we just feel that Rory's ability to hit the deck hard will give us a valuable option, particularly at Brisbane and Perth. He also adds batting depth to the lower order. \"The fact that he finished second on last season's four-day bowling averages behind only Vernon Philander speaks for itself and he continued his form for the South Africa A side at home to Sri Lanka and away in Ireland .\"We have gone for Faf du Plessis, who joined the Test squad in England during the series, as the reserve batsman because he will give us cover in the middle-order positions. We already have Jacques Rudolph to cover the top of the order if necessary,\" Hudson added.Thami Tsolekile will again be the back-up wicketkeeper and provide cover for AB in the event of injury or if the tour selectors decide to lighten his workload. The Proteas will leave for Australia on October 27 and any players still involved in the Karbonn Smart CLT20 will join them as soon as their commitments to that tournament are complete.Proteas squad: Graeme Smith , Hashim Amla , AB de Villiers , JP Duminy , Faf du Plessis, Imran Tahir, Jacques Kallis , Rory Kleinveldt, Morne Morkel , Alviro Petersen , Robbie Peterson, Vernon Philander, Jacques Rudolph, Dale Steyn , Thami Tsolekile", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761464", "title": "Birds land on runway in Kolkata, stop flight operations", "text": "KOLKATA: After jackals and honeybees, it was birds that turned into a nuisance at the airport on Wednesday when a flock of crows and cranes descended on the secondary runway, halting operations. Four incoming and two departing flights were put on hold as airport officials scrambled bird chasers to clear the tarmac.Birds are a major hazard to aircraft safety. Even a small bird getting sucked into a jet engine can lead to engine failure that can at times prove fatal. Kolkata airport is particularly vulnerable to bird hits as lack of garbage disposal and collection system in the adjoining municipalities attracts scavengers. Ironically, Wednesday's incident was triggered not by dumping of garbage but by a drive to keep the airport grounds clean. Grass cutting along the tarmac had let loose insects that had crawled over to the runway, inviting the birds to an afternoon feast.Air traffic controllers at the tower first noticed the flock of birds to the north of the primary runway around 3.40pm. Alarmed at the sheer number of crows and cranes that were busy feeding on the runway, the controllers shut it down and radioed the four incoming flights-two IndiGo Airlines, an Air India and a Jet Airways-to hover over the city till the runway had been cleared. A departing JetLite flight was also asked to wait.Contractual staff who had been earlier employed as bird chasers and currently keep the grounds clean were then summoned to drive the winged intruders away. An order from the Bureau of Civil Aviation Safety had turned bird chasing activity obsolete as they were viewed as a hazard by foreign pilots.By the time the birds had been shooed away, it was nearly 3.55pm. With repairs on the primary runway complete by then, it was opened to flights and operations at the airport resumed.\"Hitting a bird during takeoff and landing is one of the worst nightmares for a pilot. For those flying into and out of Kolkata, it is scary for no other airport in the country has so many crows and kites hovering over mounds of garbage,\" a pilot told TOI.There is every reason to worry. There are garbage dumps on VIP Road that lie right on the flight path of planes taking off from the secondary runway while the twin dumps on Jessore road are on the flight path of aircraft approaching to land on the primary runway. Even Kolkata Municipal Corporation's sprawling solid waste dump at Dhapa is located on the flight path of approaching aircraft.Disturbance of insect habitat during grass cutting does attract birds in flocks but this generally happens at the beginning of the monsoon. The delay in onset of rains this year led to the grass cutting schedule being postponed till recently . Hence, the unusual bird trouble on Wednesday. this late in the year.BIRD HITS IN KOLKATAOct 8, 2004: Air India Kolkata-Bangkok flightMay 13, 2008: Air India Kolkata-Mumbai flightMar 5, 2008: AI Agartala-Kolkata flightJan 17, 2009: JetLite Guwahati-Kolkata flightFeb 1, 2010: Paramount Airways Kolkata-Chennai flightMay 18, 2010: Air India Dibrugarh-Kolkata flight", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759568", "title": "Man gets 7-year rigorous imprisonment for raping minor girl", "text": "CHENNAI: A women's court on Wednesday sentenced a 22-year-old man to seven years of rigorous imprisonment for raping a 15-year-old girl. Mahila court judge Meena Sateesh also imposed a fine of 5,000 on A Vincent Raj, the accused from Ayanavaram.According to the prosecution, in August 2008, the girl had gone to fetch water from a public tap when her friend Selvam told her that Vincent Raj was in love with her and wanted to meet her at his house. The petitioner said Vincent took her to the second floor of Selvam's house and gave her food laced with some substance. She became unconscious and was raped.A few days later, he again raped her. Vincent then told her he would not marry her if she told her mother. When he finally refused to marry her, she told her mother. Based on a complaint by her mother, the Ayanavaram police filed a case on October 9, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760202", "title": "Sheila Dikshit seeks traffic diversion plan for RTR", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday asked the public works department (PWD) to work out a long-term plan for solving the Rao Tula Ram Marg mess by diverting the traffic onto other roads apart from building a flyover.The CM has instructed engineering consultants RITES to submit a comprehensive traffic plan for the entire area within a month, taking into consideration the PWD plan to build an additional three-lane flyover and possible traffic diversions around RTR, said officials. The alternative proposal suggested by some residents of Vasant Vihar to widen the flyover by strengthening cantilevers and pillars was considered impractical by officials attending the meeting.\"The CM has instructed that alternate routes around RTR need to be worked out. The residents' welfare associations have demanded a three-lane flyover as per the PWD plans. The CM has urged PWD and RITES to work out a long-term solution that decongests the area, both by building the flyover and providing other routes to divert traffic,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.The meeting was attended by PWD officials and members of UTTIPEC and RWAs. \"We are completely with the PWD's proposed solution of building a three-laned flyover parallel to the existing flyover. The RWAs of Vasant Enclave and West End were also represented and everyone agrees that building the additional flyover is an amenable solution,\" said R K Vohra, secretary of Vasant Vihar RWA. \"We have put forth our requests for opening the entry and exit on Paschimi Marg which we have been assured will be looked into. We won't accept any other plan of widening of flyover that has been suggested by some residents as the PWD solution is the best one,\" added Vohra.RITES will now work on how roads around RTR can be widened and better utilized for traffic diverted along these roads. \"Nelson Mandela Marg and other roads can work as alternatives to RTR which is being explored. This will reduce the traffic volume on RTR that is expected to rise astronomically in the next few years. These roads will also work as good alternatives when the construction work on the second RTR flyover takes place and traffic diversions are needed,\" said a senior official.TOI had reported on Wednesday that the Vasant Vihar RWA had written to Chauhan that it supported the PWD plan to build another three-lane flyover and was \"distressed\" by the \"intrusion\" by some residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760237", "title": "JNU pork and beef fest: Suspension revoked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suspension order on the student of the group that raised the issue of \"democratization of food culture\" on Jawaharlal Nehru University campus was revoked on Wednesday. The decision was taken after an inquiry report on the matter was filed.Following the suspension order, a Committee for the Democratic Right to Choice of Food was formed which staged an indefinite hunger strike six days ago demanding revocation of the suspension order. Three students had also been served showcause notices. \"The pork and beef festival is not happening. It is wrong for the administration to punish students for debating the issue,\" said Suraj Beri, who was on hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759640", "title": "Metros have 77% cable TV digitization", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the deadline for digitization in the four metros ending on October 31, government said 77% of cable TV digitization has been achieved.Mumbai leads the metros where 99% digitization process has been completed, followed by Kolkata at 73%, Delhi (66%) and Chennai (59%), said a government statement.Taking into consideration the progress made by DTH in these four metros, the overall level of digitization has gone up to 84%, it said.The statement said the I&B; ministry has used the 2011 census data relating to households and TV penetration in four metros of Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai following complaints that figures supplied by the multi-system operator (MSO) did not present the true picture of the subscriber base.Delhi has a subscriber base of 23.93 lakh who require set top boxes (STBs) and 15.88 lakh STBs have already been installed.The ministry is aiming at completing digitization of cable sector in the four metros by October 31, and in the rest of the country by December, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761919", "title": "Nauseous environs of mental sickness wing", "text": "KANPUR: A visit to the mental sickness ward of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital presents a squalid picture of chronic negligence. The ward lies in a shambles and so do the patients in the wake of unavailable medicines and poor approach of class IV workers towards them. Patients lie in utter neglect as neither any ward in charge nor doctor cares.The ward is dirty and beds occupied by class VI employees of the hospital. The toilet stinks because it is never cleaned.\"With no electricity at night, patients from other wards too often relieve themselves not in the toilet but outside the ward even in the corridor right outside. We request class IV employees to clean the filth but they demand extra money for the same,\" said Hari Shanker Yadav, relative of Rinki (20), admitted to the mental sickness ward. His words are dittoed by Shiv Nayak Singh who can hardly sit inside the ward with his daughter Sunayna (35) being treated there.Attendants of the patients also alleged that the doctors are prescribing medicines from outside and are forced to buy the costly drugs as no cheaper substitutes are available in the hospital. \"How can the doctors expect patients to recovered under such pathetic conditions? This forces people to get their patients discharged from the hospital regardless of whether the treatment is over or not,\" said a ward boy on the condition on anonymity.Talking to TOI, Dr Dhananjay Chaudhary, head of department of Psychiatry at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital said mental patients should be given a calm space to help them recover. \"The temperature of their room should be balanced and there should be proper cleanliness in their room,\" added Dr Chaudhary.When asked about reasons for the unfavourable atmosphere provided to the mental patients at LLR, the doctor said lack of funds are the reason behind these irregularities. \"We are trying to give our best despite limited funds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761771", "title": "Air India Express to acquire 14 additional aircraft", "text": "KOCHI: Air India Express (AIE) will acquire 14 Boeing 737-800 aircraft in the next four to five years, jacking up its fleet strength from 21 to 35.Announcing the acquisition plan at a joint press conference here on Wednesday, chief operating officer Ansbert D'souza and deputy chief operating officer Captain Puspinder Singh said the decision to get the new aircraft was taken as part of the Rs 30,000 turnaround plan approved by the civil aviation ministry for Air India as a whole.The airline is yet to take a call on whether to go in for leasing or buy the aircraft. The airline's current fleet comprises 17 owned and four leased aircraft.The AIE raked in Rs 1,700 crore in revenue last year and with the proposed 57% hike in services, it is expected to touch Rs 2,000 crore this year. Faced with acute criticism on cancellation of flights, particularly in the Kerala-Gulf sector, the officials said the airline would ensure schedule integrity and promptness in departures. \"The top management will directly monitor the steps needed for maintaining schedule integrity and to ensure that the flights take off on time,\" D'souza said.Pointing out that nearly 60% of AIE operations are based out of the three airports in Kerala and the one in Mangalore, they said the airline's investment in Kerala and Mangalore was Rs 3,600 in aircraft alone. The AIE would base four aircraft in Kozhikode and three each in Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Mangalore.\"Another Rs 100 crore has been invested in the hangar facility in Thiruvananthapuram. This aircraft Maintenance, Repair Overhaul (MRO) facility will be able perform 'C' checks of aircraft (after 6,000 hours of flying) in a few months' time. It is waiting for DGCA approval to start brakes assembly production,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761445", "title": "Principal accused of molesting girl granted bail", "text": "KOLKATA: The principal of an English medium school who was accused of molesting a Class-XII student surrendered before the Alipore court on Wednesday. He was granted bail on surety of Rs 700.According to the complaint lodged by the girl, the accused, Jayanta Banerjee, molested her when she went to his office to submit a project paper. Though the victim was accompanied by two other teachers, they had later left the room. Banerjee then locked the door from inside and allegedly molested the girl for 20 minutes.Though the girl lodged a complaint at Behala police station on Sunday, her family alleged that police did not take any action. \"Almost three days had passed since my niece lodged the complaint. But police did not arrest him. The accused later surrendered before the court and was granted bail which he should not have been given,\" said the victim's maternal uncle.The principal's lawyer, however, claimed that Banerjee was framed by the girl. \"Earlier, the principal had rebuked the girl several times since she was not good in studies and had failed in the examination. The girl framed the principal deliberately to take revenge,\" said Saikat Dutta Majumdar, the lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760699", "title": "Speed limits to be revised", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of increasing road accidents, the Chandigarh traffic police plan to revise speed limits on different stretches. The traffic police will soon conduct a survey to come out with new guidelines. Meanwhile, a drive to check over-speeding has been launched.SP (traffic) Manish Chaudhary said, \"Because of the rising road accidents, we have started a drive against over-speeding and drunken driving. We will soon conduct a survey to decide on the new speed limits.\"Residents, however, say the authorities should first provide proper signboards, including those of speed limits, before initiating new steps. Jagdeep Singh, a resident of Sector 35, said, \"The speed limit boards are not properly visible. If some have been hidden by trees, others have faded over the years. And then, there are certain stretches that don't even have any such signage.\"Simrandeep Singh, a resident of Sector 32, said, \"Most of the speed limit boards need to be replaced as these fail to serve their purpose. The authorities should install bigger boards.\"On the issue, Chaudhary said, \"I am aware of this and I agree that the city needs proper signage. Every good city needs all the necessary traffic signs. We have taken up the matter with the municipal corporation... the city will soon get proper boards. The work will start from Jan Marg.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16759561", "title": "UPA a failure, but BSP will give support for now: Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BSP chief Mayawati on Wednesday said that the Congress-led UPA government at the centre has failed on all fronts but she will continue to support it. \"It's true that the UPA's policies and decisions are anti-people but I need some more time to review the situation and make up my mind for the final call,\" she said, while addressing reporters after back-to-back meetings of the party's national working committee and its parliamentary board committee that began around 10am and ended just past noon.Tuesday was a hectic day for the BSP supremo and her senior and trusted lieutenants as the party first took out a rally that ended at 2pm and then around 7pm the parliamentary board of the BSP held a meeting where Mayawati and senior BSP leaders debated the issue of support to UPA at length. This was followed by a meeting of the party's national working committee that ended past midnight.The press conference of Mayawati post noon on Wednesday came after the two rounds of meetings where she said that the party has come to the conclusion that UPA's policies have resulted in high inflation and economic crisis in the country. \"In 2009, the BSP had extended outside support to the Congress-led UPA government to keep the BJP at bay. The BSP then was also of the view that the UPA will work for dalits, farmers, backwards and minorities but the central government's performance has been very poor. Today the country is suffering because of anti-people policies of the UPA,\" she said.Mayawati said that after reviewing the situation again, she will take a final call at an 'appropriate time' and inform the media. Mayawati, who usually leaves press conferences after reading out her statement, stayed back and interacted with the media. She refused to answer queries on the Supreme Court notice on the disproportionate assets case against her saying the issue for which she has called the press conference is different.She told reporters that she has asked her party workers to expose the central government's corruption and anti-people policies by holding cadre camps, public meetings, demonstrations and protests across the country. She also informed that she has asked the cadres to be ready for snap polls which can take place any time before schedule because of the instability at the Centre. The BSP has 20 MPs in the Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760355", "title": "Gang-rape victim succumbs to burns", "text": "BHOPAL: The 32-year-old woman, who set herself on fire after four persons allegedly gang-raped her in Raisen district on Tuesday, succumbed to burn injuries after a couple of hours. The woman took the extreme step as she was unable to bear the trauma, sources said.The victim was referred to Hamidia Hospital. According to the victim's statement, unidentified youths offered her lift in a jeep from Chiklod area and later committed the crime. The incident took place at around 5.30 pm, she reportedly told the police. She attempted suicide at her residence at around 6.30 pm\"We are waiting for her autopsy report for further investigation, \"Inspector general (IG) Hosangaband Ajay Sharma \"told TOI. Statements of her daughter and husband were recorded on Wednesday, he said.Bareli police registered a case of rape against unidentified persons on the basis of victim's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761469", "title": "Jadavpur University debate on India's superpower status", "text": "KOLKATA: Has India gained status quo as a superpower nation or is it still an emerging power? What implications will Afghanistan's future hold for India? In order to address these burning issues, students from various colleges in the city gathered on Wednesday to inaugurate the two-day annual International Relations Scholastic Conclave, organized by the students of department of international relations at Jadavpur University.Head of the international relations department Shibashis Chatterjee delivered the welcome address on the chosen theme - 'India in the 21st Century: An emerging power or status quo?' While many believed that India is one of the superpowers in the world, some concluded that India is better than the other countries and still has some challenges in the energy sector to take care of.Former Indian foreign secretary Salman Haider said that India has not emerged as a superpower in a day and has been developing and improving everyday. \"India is one of the important countries in the world. And today its political and economic sentiments cannot be ignored,\" said Haider.The discussion was followed by a presentation and interactive seminar where students from Loreto College, Lady Brabourne College, Jadavpur University and St Xavier's College put forth a presentation on energy security and the third world nations. The participants spoke about the challenges that energy security in the country faces today- be it renewable or non-renewable energy. They also presented their ideas on the combat model to deal with those challenges.A round-table conference followed the discussion where diplomats and experts discussed Afghanistan's future and if it will hold positive or negative implications for India.\"Though Afghanistan once shared a good history with India, we are sceptical about the change in the strained Indo-Pak relations over Afghanistan once the US withdraws from the country,\" said Jyotirmoy Banerjee, a former faculty member at department of international relations in Jadavpur University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16761999", "title": "ABVP to take out secretariat march", "text": "KOZHIKODE: ABVP will take out a march to the secretariat on October 18 demanding ban on Popular Front of India and handing over the probe into the Sachin and Vishal murder cases to a competent agency.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, ABVP state secretary M Aneeshkumar said the murders of Sachin and Vishal point to the increasing presence of extremists on the campuses. The secretariat march is against rising Islamic extremism and communalization of Kerala.The ABVP leader said the chief minister is not taking strict actions against the extremists even after the Union home ministry brought the issue to his notice. If the police did not take proper actions the campuses in Kerala will be divided communally, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761245", "title": "Defamation charge against Teesta well-founded, say cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After conducting an inquiry against social activist Teesta Setalvad in a defamation case filed by her former associate Rais Khan, police have reported to court that allegations leveled by Khan are correct and well-founded.DCP Zone V, Parixita Rathod, who carried out the inquiry upon court orders, has submitted her opinion that Khan's allegations regarding defamation have been found true in connection with Setalvad, her husband Javed Anand, and an office-bearer of People's Watch, Henry T.Acting on the bulky inquiry report, metropolitan magistrate T S Brahmbhatt has issued a notice to Khan. The court will hear him on December 26 in regard with the outcome of the inquiry.In June, Khan filed a defamation compliant against Setalvad demanding action against her under section 499 of IPC. He claimed that after he quit Setalvad's NGO - Citizens for Justice and Peace - Setalvad and others released defamatory information against him in various publications and public forums. Khan said their claim that he was playing into the hands of Hindu organizations had damaged his reputation in his community and his family had suffered an emotional setback.On this complaint, the court on July 23 asked police to inquire. The DCP could not complete the probe in time, and she was granted a brief extension of 15 days.Dissatisfied with the probe, Setalvad moved Gujarat high court demanding that the inquiry and the court order be quashed and set aside. She termed Rathod's probe a \"biased\" and \"roving inquiry\" that was \"beyond the scope of court order\". She also alleged that the investigating officer worked in collusion with Khan. There was a nexus between Gujarat government and Khan, and both were desperately trying to put her behind bars, she claimed in her petition.The high court refused to stay the probe, but sought answers from the state government and Khan by November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760535", "title": "BJP men to take anti-corruption, price-rise vow", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when India Against Corruption's tirade is at an all-time high, Bharatiya Janata Party leaders would administer oath to workers on Thursday, October 11 throughout the country to fight against corruption and price rise.After taking the pledge, party workers and leaders would lead the fight against corruption and price rise in their respective domain. In Uttar Pradesh, veteran leader and member of parliament from Varanasi Dr Murli Manohar Joshi would administer oath to party leaders and workers in the state capital. Similarly, national vice-president Kalraj Misra would be in Jharkand to administer oath while Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi will be in Hyderabad for the purpose.Thereafter, from October 12 to November 20, party leaders will hit the streets in their respective areas and lead the protest against corruption and price rise. The aim of the party, said sources, is to build tempo for BJP parliamentarians to take up these issues vociferously in the winter session of parliament. The oath was first administered by BJP patriarch LK Advani during the three-day national council meeting to senior party leaders. The meeting was held at Faridabad in Haryana.In Lucknow, Dr Joshi would administer pledge to party leaders and workers at 5 pm, the state BJP chief said.Elaborating on the plan for protests and demonstrations against price rise and corruption, Bajpayi said the movement would be launched in the state only after October 26. Reason, he said, was the ongoing organisational elections to appoint district and divisional presidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761398", "title": "Bomb blasts at law college", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Panic gripped Capital Law College campus after a bomb exploded near the principal's room on Wednesday ahead of the students' union election on October 19. According to the police, the explosion was caused by a low-intensity bomb.Of the three bombs hurled, reportedly from the college rooftop, one exploded \"very close to the principal's office\", said Anup Kanungo, inspector in-charge of Nayapalli police station. \"Forensic experts have already collected evidences from the site,\" he added. Police suspect involvement of members of the students' unions in the college. Principal Nandini Mishra said: \"Police are investigating. We may cancel the election if students resort to violence in the campus.\"The incident at Capital Law College came close on the heels of the tension at College of Basic Science and Humanities on Monday after a candidate accused his rival of kidnapping his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760391", "title": "7 Reebok scam accused sent in judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) produced all seven accused in the Rs 870 crore Reebok India case, who were arrested recently, in a city court on Wednesday and sent them in 14 days' judicial custody. The accused were arrested by the SIT late on Tuesday night in connection with the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam.Only one of the seven accused is working with Reebok India at present while the other six had quit the job before the scam was unearthed.Meanwhile, Surakshit Bhatt, a co-accused in the case, applied for bail on Wednesday in a city court. The court fixed the date of hearing on October 13. This is the first bail application filed by an accused in the Reebok India case.\"These seven accused were found to be helping Reebok's former MD Subhender Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat, the two top executives. Their services were terminated by the company on the charge of siphoning off Rs 870 crore,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (South-East).The seven accused, Nikhil Upadhay, Anand Aggarwal, Lalit Marwah, Vikas Uppal, Manish Marwah, and Kapil Aggarwal were managers at the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16759274", "title": "Night trains resume in Dima Hasao district", "text": "Silchar: Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) authorities have decided to resume the service of night trains after normalcy returned in Dima Hasao district following signing of an accord among Dimasa militant outfits DHD (N), DHD (J) and the Centre and the state government in New Delhi on Monday. The NFR chief public relations officer, Situ Singh Hajong said three trains including the Cachar Express, the Barak Valley Express and the Lumding-Agartala Express which had been cancelled since October 5 will resume services from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761260", "title": "Three more habitats in state up for Ramsar status", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ramsar recognition for Nalsarovar lake on the outskirts of the city has encouraged state officials. They now want the same recognition for Thol in Ahmedabad and Khijadia and Marine National Park in Jamnagar.The Nalsarovar wetland, known for its winged visitors which include lesser and greater flamingos, was notified as a Ramsar site in September this year. The Convention on Wetlands of International Importance, called the Ramsar Convention, is the only global environmental treaty dealing with wetland ecosystems. The treaty was adopted in the Iranian city of Ramsar in 1971. So far, there are 2,056 Ramsar sites in the world.Apart from monetary funding , the state and the international bodies work towards the wise use of all wetlands through national land-use planning, appropriate policies and legislation, management actions and public education. They also ensure effective management of development projects that may affect wetlands.Forest department officials have begun preparing the proposal for the three wetlands.Thol: Thol is a shallow water reservoir and is a predominantly open water area, without islands and reed beds on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. This man-made wetland, declared a sanctuary in November 1988, has high conservation value. The tallest flying bird of the world, the Sarus crane inhabits this area and is found in sizeable numbers.A large number of waterfowl are also attracted to this site due to the agricultural fields surrounding the lake, which provide them sufficient food. The lake is also surrounded by ample tree cover. More than 80 species of waterfowl are reported at Thol. The lake earlier was a fresh water lake but of late, because of the Sujalam Sufalam irrigation canal, Narmada water has been released in Thol lake. The lake gets visitors like cranes, geese, flamingoes, pelicans, egrets, herons, spoonbills, ducks and whistling teals.Khijadia: The globally-threatened black-necked stork is a resident of this wetland which was declared a sanctuary in May 1981. Apart from the black-necked stork, other threatened species like dalmatian pelican, darter, Asian open-bill stork, black-headed ibis, Eurasian spoonbill, Pallas's fish eagle, Pallid harrier, Indian skimmer and osprey are found here.Khijadia sanctuary is spread over just 6.05 sq km. However, the sanctuary and its adjoining areas have diverse habitats and eco-systems which include a marine habitat, fresh water, marshlands, mangroves, prosopis areas, salt pans, open mudflats, inter-tidal mudflats, creeks, scrub, sandy beaches and adjoining farm-lands.Due to the diversity of landscapes, the sanctuary has the rare distinction of having the maximum bird species density in the state with more than 220 species in a relatively very small area. Khijadia Bird Sanctuary is the outcome of two man-made structures in the midst of natural relief features. These bunds have been constructed to arrest fresh water from draining into the sea and to stop salinity ingress.Marine National Park: Marine National Park and Sanctuary, Jamnagar, was declared a National Park in August 1980.Marine National Park falls in the inter-tidal zone along the Jamnagar coast and islands in the Gulf of Kutch. The park has a diversity of habitats, its coral reefs and mangroves and a series of 42 islands form a fragile, eco-system. The protected area has a great diversity of habitats -coral reefs, mangroves, mudflats, creeks, estuaries, sandy strands to saline grass-lands, marshy areas and rocky shores.The coral reefs and mangroves are of great conservation value. The park has colourful sponges and corals including 42 hard coral and 10 soft coral species. It also has sea anemones, jellyfish, sea horses, octopus, pearl oyster, sabela, Portuguese man-of-war, starfish, bonellia, sepia, lobster, crabs, prawns, sea turtles, dolphin, dugong, porpoise and shark among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761661", "title": "Times Scholars programme: Teens floor judges with unique ideas", "text": "KOLKATA: They dream big and the sky is their limit. At the same time, they display maturity and clarity of thought far beyond their age. The Class XII students shortlisted for The Times of India's Times Scholars programme are winners in their own right. The programme is a national initiative whereby 20 school leaving students from across the country will be selected for a scholarship of Rs 5 lakh each over five years to pursue higher studies.Shortlisted students from the eastern zone met judges in Kolkata on Tuesday and Wednesday, where they were screened further. The selected students will be called to Delhi for a final round where the 20 Times Scholars will be chosen. TOI will then undertake the task of providing the best guidance and mentorship to these scholars in their fields of interest, enabling them to understand and adopt a thinking-reasoning model of learning that will help them excel in whatever career they choose.Most of those who faced the interview on Tuesday and Wednesday were high scorers in their board exams. They had all taken the aptitude test arranged by TOI and were shortlisted on the basis of their scores. The interviews held over two days at the TOI's Kolkata office was the third round of the screening process. Students surprised judges by revealing their dreams - while one spoke of building a combat aircraft that India has still not seen, others spoke against reservations of all kinds; or of taking the number theory to another level; or designing the AIDS and cancer vaccine.Interestingly, most of the students are from the science background and dream of cracking IITJEE. However, not all want to be engineers. Kumar Abhinav for example, wants to crack IITJEE, but study an integrated course in pure mathematics. The lone girl among the candidates, Anuva Aishwarya, wants to \"get into the IITs and study only physics\". She wants to earn well and keep aside a part of her income for the welfare of the old people. Another student, Indranil Jana, spends his free time designing computer games.Some have very interesting hobbies like collecting rare stamps and first day covers. \"I have two teachers for maths so that one coaches me for IITJEE and the other for WBJEE. So I unwind with my guitar. We hold jam sessions at friends' places,\" said Rohan Sur.And who says good students are always bookworms? The potential Scholars play the piano, are part of rock bands and have designed projects for MIT ensuring them direct entry to this exalted institute after Plus Two. The candidates came from Bhubaneswar, Jharsuguda, Patna, Guwahati, Kharagpur and Kolkata.It will indeed be a tough competition because the judges, Shanta Dutta, a renowned teacher of English and head of the department of English at Presidency University, and Anindya Sen, dean of academic affairs at IIM-C, often found it difficult to mark them for their proficiencies. \"It was extremely rewarding to meet so many bright young minds. I congratulate TOI for taking up such a cause,\" said Dutta. Sen felt that the scholarship amount was generous and would help students pursue their dreams even if they chose to study abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761047", "title": "Not fine to spit in Metro", "text": "BANGALORE: Namma Metro may be a little unlike the rest of Bangalore in one way. Stains created by paan-spitting and expectorating that is the bane of many public spaces in the city are nowhere visible on Namma Metro facilities along Reach 1 that is commercially operational.The reason for the Metro's largely spic-and-span look lies in the concerted drive carried out against commuters found spitting within its premises. The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has collected Rs 3,500 as fine from commuters found spitting on the premises.Metro's Operation and Maintenance Act 2002 prescribes a fine of Rs 100 on those found spitting on the Metro premises. Officials said security guards who patrol the paid area of the stations can levy such fines on spot, when they notice someone spitting and dirtying the Metro facility.The dos and don'ts on Metro premises are published on the Namma Metro website and in signages across stations. The corporation has also appealed to passengers through a newsletter to report any thefts to officials at the stations or police immediately. Some cases have been solved through CCTV cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760354", "title": "Minority finance body swindled of Rs 55.47 cr", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sleuths of Crime Investigation Department (CID) conducted surprise searches at the AP State Minority Welfare Finance Corporation office located in Haj House on Wednesday following a complaint that the corporation was swindled of Rs 55.47 crore allegedly by some of its employees.The searches were mainly conducted at the accounts and computer sections of the corporation from where some documents were seized. Sources said that M Dana Kishore, secretary of minority welfare department lodged a complaint with the additional DGP, CID, stating that the SMWFC managing director had informed him that Rs 55.47 crore worth fixed deposits (FD) receipts were fraudulently withdrawn from three branches of Vijaya Bank located at Bandlaguda, Nallakunta and Koti. The amount was withdrawn through 240 cheques in the name of 16 organizations from current accounts, he informed.The amount was meant for scholarship and other schemes of the SMFC. The sources added that the corporation does not have a current account in Vijaya Bank's Koti branch. \"It seems that a fake account was opened and the money siphoned off,\" they said.The searches were carried out by a team of CID officials headed by A Trimurthulu, DSP with the economic offences wing. A case of cheating and criminal conspiracy against the employees of the corporation who are yet to be identified was registered.The CID is learnt to have zeroed in on four employees of the corporation. Syed Ilyas Razwi, vice-chairman and managing director of the corporation, who informed Dana Kishore of the scam, said that he also suspected the involvement of some persons from organizations that regularly receive funds from the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760831", "title": "Number of early marriages still high: PMC", "text": "PUNE: For the second year in a row, the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) survey has revealed a high incidence of early marriages in the city.In all, 3,073 girls in the age group of 15 to 19 years were found to have consummated their marriage and half of them had also become mothers.Ending child marriage is the theme of the first International Day of the Girl Child that falls on October 11. The day aims at raising awareness about the situation of girls around the world for all UN member states and international organisations as well as civil society.\"The Family Survey is carried out by health workers every year so that the benefit of sterilisation, ante-natal care (ANC) and immunisation can be extended to eligible couples and their children. During this year's survey we found 3,073 couples in which the wife was 15 to 19 years old. Among them, 1,286 couples had a baby,\" said Anjali Sabane, deputy medical officer of health, PMC.In 2011-12 the survey had found 3,094 married women/girls in the age group of 15 to 19 years. Among them, 1,925 had had a child, she added. The survey was mainly carried out in the lower socio economic strata. A population of around seven to eight lakh was surveyed.\"Many among those in the early marriage bracket bore children even before attaining the legal marriage age of 18,\" she said. However the exact number of such cases is not recorded, since the women are categorized as per the age bracket and not the exact age.The survey is carried out every year in April to identify the need of the community. Health staff enumerates unprotected couples in the respective area at the beginning of the year through the survey. After enumeration they list out unprotected eligible couples and visit them to motivate them to accept the family welfare method (permanent or spacing).S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), PMC said, \"Early marriage has far-reaching implications for women. It curtails their educational opportunities, affects their health and makes them more vulnerable to domestic violence. The PMC educates people about the hazards of early marriage through various awareness programmes which are conducted throughout the year.\"Since early marriage limits girls' education possibilities, forcing them to drop out of school, they lack skills and are unable to integrate into the labour market. As a result, their social status is lowered.Commenting on health implications of early marriages, gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, former president of the Pune Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society said, \"Early pregnancy is known to involve considerable health risks. Teenage mothers are twice more likely to die during childbirth. Secondly, for babies born to mothers younger than 14, it is 50% more likely for the baby to die than if born to a mother over 20 years of age.\"\"Education is the most important key to helping end the practice of early marriages. Many believe that education may prove to be more successful in preventing child or early marriages,\" said social activist Sudha Kankaria, a crusader of save the girl child campaign.Education is often seen as key to preventing child marriage. In 42 of the countries analysed, women in the age group of 20-24 years of age, who had attended primary school, were less likely to be married by age 18 than those who had not.The policy and programme discourse around early marriage has increased significantly over the last decade in India.The National Policy for the Empowerment of Women and, most recently, the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act 2006, have advocated special programme attention to delay age at marriage and to enforce existing laws against child marriage.According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), over 30% of girls in developing countries are married before 18 years of age and around 14% are married before the age of 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760350", "title": "Five incidents of suicide reported in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Five people committed suicide in the state capital in different incidents on Wednesday. In an incident a youth identified as Sheikh Ashraf jumped into the Upper Lake and committed suicide.Before diving into the lake, Ashraf, around 22, also called his family and informed them that he was committing suicide. The reason that drove him to suicide is yet to be known, the police said.Four more persons, including two teenaged girls committed suicide in separate incidents. Reason behind the suicides in these cases are not known. .Police said Batool, a student of class VIII, committed suicide by hanging herself in her residence at Imam Bada. Similarly, an 18-year-old girl Arti also allegedly hanged herself in Indira Nagar, Habibganj.In another incident, a middle aged man, Dil Bahadur was found dead in his house in Shankaracharya Nagar. Police suspected that he consumed poison and ended his life.The fifth incident of suicide was reported in Gunga area. Police said Alka wife of Kamlesh committed suicide in the rural area of Bhopal .Two end life in Indore: A 23-year-old girl and a security guard of a residential apartment committed suicide in two separate incidents here on Wednesday.In the first incident, the deceased, identified as Rashmi Jadon and the resident of Nanda Nagar area, had been working in a private firm. The incident came to light when the deceased did not come out of her room until 11 am. Subsequently, her family members saw her hanging from the ceiling of her room. The body has been sent to MY Hospital for post-mortem while further investigation is underway.In another incident, a security guard of Devansh apartment committed suicide by hanging himself from the channel gate of the building over some unknown reason in Vijay Nagar early on Wednesday morning.The residents of the apartment in Scheme 54, noticed the body of a security guard, Atul , 47, a native of Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh, hanging from the main gate. The residents reported the matter at Vijay Nagar police station. The cops brought down the body and sent the same for post-mortem at MY Hospital. The deceased, who was suffering from some health issues, had been working as a security guard at the apartment for more than a decade.No suicide note was recovered and the reason for committing suicide is yet to be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760841", "title": "CBI arrests two ammunition factory employees in bribe case", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune on Tuesday night arrested two employees of the Ammunition Factory, Khadki, for taking a bribe of Rs 4,000 from a vendor selling Chinese food.Ashok Kamble (junior works manager) and Vikas Pardeshi (darban, security office) were on Wednesday remanded in CBI custody till October 12.According to the CBI, Ashok Krishna Kumar Yadav from Range Hills had been running the Chinese food stall in the area since 2002. In November 2011, his stall was seized by Kamble and other officials.The CBI said that Yadav had met Kamble on numerous occasions and expressed his willingness to pay the fine so that his stall could be released, but in vain.On October 6, Yadav had again met Kamble who demanded Rs 4,000 from him to release his stall, but said he would only issue a fine receipt of Rs 300, the CBI stated. Kamble told Yadav to give the money to Pardeshi on October 9.Yadav had registered a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau of CBI.Inspector D K Bali and his team laid a trap and caught Pardeshi red-handed while accepting the bribe at his residence on Kamble's behalf. Kamble was later arrested.The employees were arrested under relevant sections of the Prevention and Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761471", "title": "PMC staff union strike called off", "text": "PATNA: The sanitation workers of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) called off their strike and joined their duty on Wednesday evening. Earlier, a delegation of the PMC staff union, along with PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, met urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar and discussed the workers' demands.The minister assured the delegation that the workers' demand for lifelong family pension would be fulfilled. \"The staff of PMC used to get family pension only for five years. The duration of the pension would be increased to lifelong,\" the minister said. He also assured that the PMC sanitation work would not be privatized.PMC staff union president Chandraprakash Singh said, \"We are happy with the minister's response. He has assured that services of PMC sanitation workers would not be utilized by the newly constituted company under Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (BUIDCO).\"The minister would meet the staff union members again on October 15 to consider their other demands. He told Pal that the sanitation workers and the entire cleaning work would be monitored by PMC only. Any other company appointed for garbage disposal would also work under the supervision of PMC, the minister said.Niraj Kumar Verma, secretary, PMC staff union, said, \"The agitating staff and daily wage workers joined their duty by 4pm. However, it would take a day to remove the garbage from the city roads and lanes.\"The intermittent rain for the last two days caused waterlogging in several low-lying areas like Bari Path, Bahadurpur, Rajendra Nagar, Sheikhpura, Rajabazar, Raman Nagar and parts of Patna City area. Even the manholes in these areas remained choked and open.All the circle officers, along with the sanitation workers, had started working from the evening. \"We have heard tall promises from the councillors. PMC officials come everyday with an idea but they never implement their plans properly. The sanitation workers strike has left heaps of garbage on roads,\" said Niraj Kumar, a resident of Sheikhpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760665", "title": "Shivneri to run on Swargate-Dadar route from Nov 1", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will start air-conditioned Shivneri bus services on the Swargate-Dadar route from next month.The service will benefit commuters particularly from the Swargate, Deccan Gymkhana and Kothrud areas who wish to travel to Dadar. The MSRTC at present runs Shivneri services on Pune station-Dadar, Swargate-Thane and Swargate-Borivli routes. There was no direct service between Swargate and Dadar. Sources said the MSRTC plans to commence the services on the route from November 1.According to the plan, about 16 trips are planned from each end. The buses will run every hour from Swargate starting from 6 am up to 10 pm. Four trips in the morning will be from Mumbai Central via Dadar to Swargate, while four trips in the evening (after 7 pm) will be from Swargate to Mumbai Central via Dadar. All the remaining trips will be between Swargate and Dadar.The buses will travel via Deccan Gymkhana, Karve road, Paud road and will hit the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass at Chandni chowk. The buses will follow the same route for the return journey. Sources said the detailed time-table and the fare structure for the Swargate-Dadar trip will be announced soon.An official further said that the MSRTC is planning to restructure parking of buses at the Swargate bus terminus. As per the plan, the six parking bays, which accommodated buses to Mumbai, Solapur and other rural parts of the state, will now be dedicated to the parking of buses to Mumbai. More than 600 buses operate on the Mumbai route from Swargate every day.The MSRTC also plans to add about 16 new Volvo buses to its Shivneri fleet from next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760133", "title": "Dikshit writes to other CMs for building shelters in NCR", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing \"homelessness\" as an unavoidable reality of mega cities, chief minister Sheila Dikshit has sought the cooperation of her counterparts in UP and Haryana to create shelters in NCR for the homeless and destitute.In letters addressed to the UP and Haryana CMs \u2014 Akhilesh Yadav and Bhupinder Singh Hooda \u2014 Dikshit says, \"To achieve homogeneity of facilities in all major cities of NCR, I would like to make an appeal to your government to create similar services in the NCR cities under your control. It will help the NCR to become a modern, humane and caring urban region.\"In the missive \u2014 TOI has a copy \u2014 Dikshit points out that the Delhi government has set up shelters for destitute and homeless people. It is another matter that Delhi is far from meeting the target of 1 shelter per 1 lakh population set by Master Plan 2021.The capital has about 150 shelters, of which about 84 are makeshift facilities and 64 are permanent. Even these shelters came up after orders from the Supreme Court and HC Dikshit told TOI that she wrote the letters to ease the pressure of Delhi, as migrants labourers come here and sleep rough due to lack of facilities in the NCR.Data with the helpline run by the state appointed Mother NGO for homeless, St Stephen's Hospital, shows a majority of calls seeking help for homeless come from the NCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760306", "title": "Scindia backers demand leadership change, return disappointed", "text": "BHOPAL: State Congress factionalism reached 24, Akbar Road on Wednesday morning when a group of party MLAs and supporters of the Jyotiraditya Scindia camp met central leaders demanding a change of leadership before next year's assembly polls. A group of eight to ten MLAs sought appointments with Congress president Sonia Gandhi , AICC general secretary in charge of Madhya Pradesh B K Hariprasad, Union ministers Kamal Nath and minister of state Jyotiraditya Scindia.The MLAs wanted Scindia to replace PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria , who took charge of the party's state unit in April 2010. Scindia supporters argued that Bhuria failed to show any extraordinary performance since he took over as the PCC president. The dissident group pointed out that the party has accomplished little under his leadership having lost every by-poll and most local body elections.A delegation of five MLAs met party president Sonia Gandhi. They said the party would fail to win the 2013 elections under Bhuria's leadership. The MLAs were instructed to return to Bhopal . Sources said the high command refused to entertain any discussion on the change of leadership in party's state unit.When the same supporters of Scindia approached Hariprasad, the senior Congress leader clearly told the MLAs that he would not listen to any talk on leadership in Madhya Pradesh. Hariprasad is reported to have said Bhuria would lead Congress in next assembly polls the in the state.\"Bhuria gave up his Union cabinet berth to be PCC chief in Madhya Pradesh. He is a tribal leader and it is not going to be easy to replace him,\" a senior Congress leader told TOI.When leader of opposition Ajay Singh was asked to comment on MLAs' visit to New Delhi, he said: \"When the state Congress is working together for mission 2013, it is wrong on the part of a few MLAs to visit the party national headquarters. This would send a wrong message to the party workers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16761287", "title": "Congress legislator, ministers fight during Congress Legislative Party meet; Vadra issue on backburner", "text": "times news networkJAIPUR: Congress's plans to defend party president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra against BJP's likely accusations in the state assembly was put on the backburner after its legislators, including ministers, fought amongst themselves at the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) meeting on Wednesday.The CLP, presided by chief minister Ashok Gehlot , was held prior to the assembly session which commenced on Wednesday. Legislator Rajendra Bidhuri, who recently resigned as parliamentary secretary, raised the issue of activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal's corruption allegations against Vadra and the opposition BJP's plans to corner the ruling Congress in the assembly over the issue.Bidhuri said the Congress legislators should be prepared to answer BJP's allegations and also counter-attack it by pointing out corruption cases of the opposition party's national leaders.Even as Bidhuri was speaking, minister of state for home-guard and civil defence Rajendra Singh Gudha interrupted him and accused him of indulging in anti-party activities, sources said. Gudha accused Bidhuri of making baseless allegations against energy minister and Gujjar leader Jitendra Singh at public functions in the latter's constituency Khetri in the recent past.The scene got worse when public works department (PDW) minister Bharat Singh supported Gudha and the duo jointly targeted Bidhuri while chief minister Gehlot looked on, party sources said. Singh is believed to have even termed Bidhuri an \"outsider\" to Rajasthan politics, pointing to the latter's domicile in neighbouring Haryana state. Soon, the two ministers and the Congress legislator got engaged in heated arguments, reminding of the rampant infighting within the ruling party in the state, sources said.\"The state's people have voted me to the assembly; how can anyone call me an outsider?\" Bidhuri later told reporters. On being asked why he wanted the CLP to defend Vadra who was not a Congress leader, Bidhuri replied, \"Congress is like a big family and since Vadra is son-in-law of the Congress president, we need to speak up for him.\"The two ministers, however, accused Bidhuri of weakening the state Congress by targeting its cabinet minister to score political points with his Gujjar community which is agitating over the demand for increased quota in government jobs.Chief whip Raghu Sharma and Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas, on the other hand, supported Bidhuri and stressed that the Congress needs to \"expose\" BJP leaders' corruptions.\"Land rates in Bikaner are still not more than Rs 20,000 per bigha and Vadra has bought land there in a legal manner, what is wrong in it?\" Sharma said, referring to the allegation that Vadra got illegally benefitted through property deals in Bikaner.Khachariawas targeted leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje and said, \"The previous Raje government benefitted a zinc company by selling a land worth Rs 4000-crore at dirt cheap price.\" He added, \"The BJP trio of Ranjan Bhattacharya, Pramod Mahajan and Sudhanshu Mittal committed a scam running into Rs 2.5 lakh crore in Rajasthan and the rest of the country; this too should be brought to public knowledge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761955", "title": "Left rally backs tribal rights", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when thousands of silent protesters from Gwalior are heading for New Delhi to claim people's right over land, forest and water, the Left parties tried to stoke similar public sentiment here on Wednesday by organizing a mass rally.Addressing a gathering at the Morhabadi grounds, former national general secretary of the CPI A B Bardhan said people in the country as well as state experienced rule of different political parties and suffered because of their economic policies. \"People are being pushed to the margin because of inflation and increasing cost of living whereas big corporates are enjoying every facility under the governments,\" he said. Claiming that Left policies are gradually gaining ground, Bardhan said decisions like FDI in retail and insurance sector would push the country further into debt and dependability on western economy. \"Under pressure of the World Bank , the government is opening up the country's boundaries for economic exploitation whereas the state's rich mineral reserves are being exploited by the domestic industries,\" he said.CPI leader Atul Anjan criticized the BJP and the Congress-led governments in the state blaming them for underdevelopment. \"No trace of development could be seen in the areas that have contributed maximum to the national growth in form of minerals and coal that they supply,\" Anjan said calling upon the people to embrace the Left ideologies so that such government could recognize the right of people over land forest and water resources.Leaders of the Marxist Coordination Committee and the Jharkhand Dishom Party raised the issues of forced displacement and migration of labourers in search of jobs. The left leaders and JDP expressed concern over tribal land being forcibly acquired by government for private companies in the name of development.\"Instead of enforcing provisions of Chotanagpur Tenancy Act to protect tribal interests, the government is helping the private parties and corporate gain control over land using police support,\" JDP leader Salkhan Murmu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760045", "title": "Court asks reply from SP Bansal for a polygraph test on him", "text": "PANAJI: The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Court has directed former superintendent of Police (SP) of anti-narcotic cell (ANC) of Goa police Veenu Bansal (currently DIG in Arunachal Pradesh ) and five others to remain present in court on October 29, 2012 to file their reply for a polygraphy test on them with regard to the case of planting of drugs on Israeli national Dudu.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) had filed an application for consent of the person for polygraphy test of Veenu Bansal former ANC SP, Naresh Mhamal - former ANC DySP, David Driham alias Dudu, Zarina- girl friend of Dudu, Saji Hussain -owner Club Westend and Anand Salunke, head constable ANC.Referring to the CBI plea, the court ordered them to appear before it on October, 29, 2012 at 10.00 am to file their reply. CBI application stated that during investigation it is revealed that 'it s a false case foisted by former ANC PSI Sunil Gudlar, in conspiracy with other ANC officials against accused David Driham. Therefore, Gudlar and his raiding team members are also arraigned as accused in this crime for allegedly planting drugs on Dudu, the applciation pointed outThe CBI has stated that as the source of drugs, shown to have been recovered from Dudu, was not revealed by any of the accused person, it is deemed necessary to put the persons for polygraph test. The CBI has sought that the consent of the persons may be obtained for conducting the polygraph test on them, to take the investigation at a logical end.It may be recalled that the CBI had already recorded the statement of then ANC SP Veenu Bansal in this case. Dudu's sister Ayala, in a sting operation towards the end of 2010, exposed through hidden cameras how ANC cops were demanding money from people threatening otherwise to plant drugs on them.Ayala had earlier stated that she conducted the sting operation to unravel the police-drug mafia nexus after her brother's arrest for dealing in drugs in Goa in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jangipur", "code": "16761599", "title": "Low voter turnout at Jangipur by-elections", "text": "JANGIPUR: Once a high-profile constituency that gave the country its finance minister seems to have lost its sheen to voters with the exit of Pranab Mukherjee . Jangipur, like all other bypolls, recorded a low turnout on Wednesday falling in line with the usual trend.\"The voter turn out was 48.5% and there was no untoward incident,\" said district magistrate and returning officer Rajeev Kumar .The bypolls witnessed some technical glitches and boycotts though Congress strongman and MP Adhir Chowdhury was a little annoyed with the low turnout. \"Over 1.5 lakh labourers are out of the state for work. Most of them are our supporters,\" he said.In booth No. 64 of Jangipur EVMs were out of order and the voting process was delayed by one and a half hours. Voters of 14 booths in villages of Milki-Palashi in Nabagram, Hariharpur in Sagardighi, Nurpur in Jangipur and Khargram boycotted the polls demanding road and water supply.Left Front candidate Mujaffar Hossein alleged, \"The Congress poling agent cast false vote in Sekendra in Raghunathgunj. Congress workers also captured booths in Sekendra and Giria.\"Congress candidate Abhijeet Mukherjee is worried over communal vote division. \"I know my close contestant party is calculating on communal vote division. But I was confident about winning. My father's advice over the phone to 'keep cool' has increased my confidence,\" said Abhijeet.Abhijeet was constantly monitoring the poll situation. He visited the booth and counting centre in Raghunathgunj at 12.30pm. Mujaffar Hossein kept himself busy in Nabagram and Sagardighi.Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir said, \"We received complaints of booth capturing from two places but later found that those were wrong. We are keeping a watch on strong rooms at Raghunathgunj Boys' High School.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760775", "title": "Students\u2019 top question: When\u2019s Rahul getting married", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi will have to field a volley of tough questions that students will bowl at him during his visit to Panjab University on Thursday. From his marriage plans to his views on checking sexual-harassment cases, the youths want to know it all.\"When are you getting married?\", \"How did your mother improve her Hindi?\", \"Why do your family members go abroad for treatment when there are several medical colleges in India named after your ancestors?\", are some of the questions that Rahul will have to answer. A list of over 150 such questions was prepared on Wednesday. The queries were collected by department representatives and some student bodies that are coordinating his PU visit.The questions will be sent to him in advance for a question-answer round, which is expected after his speech on Thursday afternoon. Rahul is slated to address over 5,000 youngsters on the campus between 1pm and 2pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761259", "title": "Students from state villages to be trained by UN affiliate", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 5,000 fortunate students from the villages of Shekhawati, Jaisalmer, Jhunjhunu and Barmer will get an in-depth insight into what United Nations is all about and how it works apart from environmental issues.Rajasthan-based Shree Cement on October 8, 2012 has signed a Memorandum Of Understanding (MoU) with the World Federation of United Nations Associations (WFUNA) and a Kolkata-based NGO, Education for All, for strategic partnership to promote environmental awareness training programmes.WFUNA, a global non-profit membership organisation, represents and co-ordinates over 100 United Nations Associations (UNAs) and its thousands of members across the world. WFUNA works for a stronger and more effective United Nations.The MoU was signed by Bonian Gulmohammadi, secretary general, WFUNA, and H M Bangur, trustee, Education for All and MD, Shree Cement, in the presence of Kiran Mehra Kerpelman, director, United Nations Information Centre (India &amp; Bhutan ) and Sundeep Bhutoria, member trustee, Education for All.\"We are glad to enter into this partnership that would further add to our expanding field of work across the globe. I am sure the projects jointly carried out with Education for All would benefit the society,\" said Bonian Gulmohammadi, WFUNA.Education For All has been instrumental in launching various welfare programmes for children to promote education and learning. Over 14,000 students from across India have been supported with grants and scholarships since 2006.\"It is a matter of great prestige for us to partner with WFUNA and its programmes that bring together the corporate sector, UNAs and global citizens to implement grass root solutions. One of the important areas of work in the future would be climate change,\" said Bhutoria.EomJaipur: It would be a window to global opportunities for over 5000 students from the villages of Shekhawati, Jaisalmer, Jhunjhunu and Barmer as they would get insights into what the United Nations is and how it works.Rajasthan based Shree Cement signed MoU with The World Federation of United Nations Associations (WFUNA) and an NGO \"Education for All\" for strategic partnership to promote and collaborate on WFUNA's training programmes.The MoU was signed by Bonian Gulmohammadi, secretary general, WFUNA, and H M Bangur, trustee, 'Education for All,' in the presence of Kiran Mehra Kerpelman, Director, United Nations Information Centre (India &amp; Bhutan) and Sundeep Bhutoria, member trustee, 'Education for All.'\"We are glad to enter into this partnership that would further add to our expanding field of work across the globe. I am sure the projects jointly carried out with Education for All would benefit the society,\" said Bonian Gulmohammadi, WFUNA.Over 14,000 students from across India have been supported with grants and scholarships since 2006. \"It is a matter of great prestige for us to partner with WFUNA and its programmes that bring together the corporate sector, UNAs and global citizens to implement grass root solutions. One of the important areas of work in the future would be on climate change,\" said Bhutoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760431", "title": "Nandal is Commandant of Infantry School", "text": "INDORE: Lt Gen A S Nandal assumed charge as Commandant of Infantry School on Tuesday.On taking over the charge, Lt Gen Nandal started his day by laying a wreath at Infantry War Memorial, Mhow, and paid tribute to the martyrs. Other senior officers of the Infantry School were present.A second generation officer, Lt Gen Nandal is graduate of the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, College of Defence Management, Secunderabad and the prestigious National Defence College, New Delhi. He was commissioned into the Gorkha Rifles (Frontier Force) in September 1974 which he commanded from 1994 to 1996.In the past 38 years of service, the General Officer has a rich experience of command of various formations in intense Counter Terrorist Operations in Northern Command and staff appointments. He has been a Directing Staff at Defence Services Staff College, Wellington.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16761889", "title": "Pune body to help Naxal-hit villages get water", "text": "PUNE: Round-the year tap water pumped without the use of electricity will be available in 10,000 villages in 82 Maoist-affected districts of Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. The project is a Rs 510-crore solar energy based dual pump piped water supply scheme, developed by city-based Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency (GSDA).The Union ministries of finance, new and renewable energy, and drinking water and sanitation have appointed GSDA as the technical support organisation in the preparation and implementation of this project in the states. The ministry of drinking water and sanitation has proposed and obtained clearance for partial funding of the project, which covers 10,000 habitations (each with a population between 100 and 500) from the National Clean Energy Fund. The rest of the cost will be borne from funds for the National Rural Drinking Water Programme.GSDA's director Praveen Gedam said, \"This scheme has a single phase, one horse power solar-energy based submersible pump installed in a high yielding borewell with a hand pump. Water pumped from the system can be stored in an elevated tank and supplied to each house from tap connections. Each scheme can meet the drinking water needs of about 500 people.\"No electricity or batteries are required and household tap connections can be provided. Each unit costs about Rs 5.10 lakh. The scheme has been earlier implemented in about 1,716 habitations of Maharashtra and has been found to be useful in tackling drinking water problems in remote and small habitations.Gedam added that the scheme is based on an existing or new borewell. \"Traditional manual hand pumps installed on such borewells, cannot draw water from depths of more than 120 feet. Moreover, once the water level plunges below this depth, they become redundant. This happens in many areas during summer. In addition, water drawn with the help of manual hand pumps needs manpower. In most villages, womenfolk spend hours fetching water. The new scheme involves drawing water with the help of two methods,\" he said.Under the new scheme, in addition to the traditional hand-pump method, a submersible pump that can operate on solar or conventional electricity is installed in the same borewell with the help of a special water chamber designed by GSDA's engineers led by joint director S V Deshpande. The agency has applied for an international patent for the technology.During the day, solar power is provided to the submersible pump in the borewell with the help of solar panels. The pump then fills a tank with a capacity of 5,000 litre, sufficient for the habitation. The borewell is also recharged with the help of rooftop rainwater harvesting. The solar dual-pump system works in cloudy weather too, since it works on photovoltaic effect and does not require direct sun rays.The use of solar-energy based water pumps is especially useful in areas with non-availability or erratic availability of electric power. Most habitations in areas affected are remote and disconnected from the mainstream. They also face problems of erratic or no power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761191", "title": "Cognizance taken of Tulsi chargesheet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special CBI court on Wednesday took cognizance of the chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case and summoned all 15 undertrial prisoners on October 29.The chargesheet by CBI against 20 persons came to be accepted by a court more than a month after the probe agency went to a Danta court first to file the report. After the jurisdiction row, Gujarat high court asked the CBI to file the chargesheet in a CBI special court in Ahmedabad.The court did not decide anything against the five accused - former junior home minister Amit Shah , the then DGP P C Pande, then ADGP O P Mathur , ADGP Geetha Johri and the then investigating officer DSP R K Patel. This was because they have raised objection against the court's taking cognizance of offence against them. They filed applications saying that the court cannot take cognizance of offence against them without the prosecuting agency obtaining sanction for prosecution under the Section 197 of CrPC since they were public functionary and government employees.These accused had filed similar applications before the Danta court, and after transfer of the case they urged the CBI court to call those records from the Danta court. Additional chief judicial magistrate A Y Dave rejected this application saying that the accused had no locus standi to request the court then. With this rejection of earlier pleas, all five accused filed fresh applications. The court will hear this issue on Friday, and till then it has reserved its decision on issuance of process against these five.Amidst heated arguments in courtroom, the defence lawyers insisted on late hearing, but the complainant's counsel asserted that the hearing must take place soon. The CBI counsel, however, did not take any objection to the defence lawyers' requests for long adjournment.Those who have been summoned from jail may be served with copies of bulky chargesheet. They are all suspended cops - D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Vipul Agarwal, Ashish Pandya, Jethusinh Solanki, Kanjibhai Kutchhi, Vinod Limbachia, Kiransinh Chauhan and Karansinh Sisodiya from Gujarat and Dinesh MN, Abdul Rehman , Narayan Singh, Yudhvir Singh, Dalpat Singh and Kartar Singh from Rajasthan.Sohrbauddin Sheikh's aide Tulsiram was killed on December 28, 2006, more than a year after Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi were killed in a fake encounter. The CBI claims that Tulsiram was the third person who was travelling with the couple when they were abducted from a bus near Tandola of Karnataka in November 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "16761603", "title": "Farmers of Pudukkottai hold mock funeral of deity to please rain gods", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Farmers in Pudukkottai held a funeral of their deity to appease the rain gods. It is one of the many \"superstitious acts\" of the farmers, who have turned to the rain gods as a last resort through the medium of the rituals of penance.On Monday night, the villagers of Mandaiyur in the district, conducted unique last rites for 'Komayan Satan', the village deity at a percolation pond. A villager said they resorted to such a measure because the monsoon had failed in the region for the past three years. The catchment areas had gone dry and the ground water tables were sinking to unprecedented depths. The indiscriminate sand quarrying had added to the water woes further. Hence, the 'funeral' in a public place and \"we strongly believe such a ritual would bring the rain without fail,\" he said.The elaborate ritual started on the night of October 5 and ended on October 8. A widow of a village was chosen to play the wife of Komayan Satan. On the third day of the pooja, the death of Komayan was formally announced in the village and it was followed by the traditional breast-beating of the womenfolk and the beating of the drums. The widow then begged food from each household and distributed it to the drummers. As the last act, the mortal remains of Komayan in the form of an effigy was taken in a symbolic funeral procession through the streets. All the villagers participated in the act without fail that took place right at the sluice gates of the pond. The villagers claimed they had done a similar ritual 10 years ago and it poured soon after the ceremony was over.Thenthamizhiniyan, Trichy district Dravida Kazhagam president commented that such acts of superstition were perpetrated on the gullible people again and again. During the recent three-day yagna conducted on the banks of Cauvery, state ministers N R Sivapathy and Ramalingam took part in the proceedings. \"When the ministers are in the forefront conducting such poojas for rains, what can we expect from the common people,\" he asked. Though there is no scientific basis whatsoever for such rituals to bring rains, the people indulged in it again and again. This is deplorable, he said.P Ayyakkannu, state vice-president of Bharatiya Kisan Sangh said that such rituals would bring rains and \"it also gives us a sense of confidence.\" He denied he was doing it to attract the attention of the government.Meanwhile, it rained for two consecutive days in Trichy in the evenings of Tuesday and Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762007", "title": "Theft at Jaccha Bachha hospital, again", "text": "KANPUR: An incident of theft at Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha Baccha' hospital on Wednesday once again posed a question mark on the security arrangements at the women's hospital.According to the hospital staff, thieves entered the building through a window and decamped with equipment worth thousands of rupees late on Tuesday night. The incident came to light on Wednesday morning when a nurse at the hospital took a round of the hall near Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). She noticed that five stabilizers, 40 fiber chairs, an amplifier, a microphone and speakers were missing from the hall. The window panes were found broken and even the door was not properly locked. The nurse immediately informed the hospital authorities who have lodged an FIR in this connection with Swaroop Nagar Police Station.The patients admitted at different wards of the hospital said with most window panes broken and the locks on doors dysfunctional, this was an incident just waiting to happen. It is important to mention here that several cases of theft have been reported from the hospital in the past, and the hospital authorities have always claimed to have beefed up security arrangements after the incidents. This time around too, the chief medical superintendent (CMS) of Jaccha Baccha hospital said a proposal for more security guards along with CCTV surveillance in wards had been sent.However, an official at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, requesting anonymity said no security guards have been appointed at LLR and its associated hospitals including Jaccha-Baccha hospital for the past several years. The hospital authorities either depend on ward boys or class IV employees for security, he said. He said only three to four security guards had been appointed by the hospital administration only for the new emergency centre.It may be noted her that there are five doors to enter the LLR hospital premises, and none of them have a guard. Morever, the hospital boundary is in a dilapidated state, providing easy access to thieves and other undesirable elements. Illegal encroachments have added to the this, with the back lanes of LLR badly encroached and no record of the people residing in the illicit constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759334", "title": "Police plan to slap Goondas' act on Emu firm owner", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the state police intends to slap provisions of Goondas Act on M S Guru, managing director of the Perunthurai-based Susi Emu Farms, in the coming days. Once this Act is invoked, it would be difficult for the pioneer of emu farming to get bail and step out of Coimbatore central prison, where he is presently lodged.\"The Goondas' Act would be invoked against Guru alias Gurusamy soon. Our officials are collecting material to detain him under the Act which would be submitted to Erode District collector to issue the order,\" said a senior inspector of EOW, who is investigating the multi-crore scam.The Tamil Nadu Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug-offenders, Forest-offenders, Goondas, Immoral Traffic Offenders, Slum-grabbers and Video Pirates Act defines goonda as a person, who either by himself or as a member of or leader of a gang habitually commits, or attempts to commit or abets the commission of offence, punishable under Chapter XVI or Chapter XVII or Chapter XXII of the Indian Penal Code (Central Act XLV of 1860). According to a 2011 ruling of the Madras High Court, even a single offense under the Act permits detention of a person as a goonda.According to police, Guru orchestrated the multi-crore financial scam through Susi Emu Farms and five other sister concerns, which existed only on paper. They are Susi Emu Rusi Emu Pvt Limited, Susi Land Promoters, G1 Emu Zone, Susi Medical Care and Susi Emu Traders. As he cheated investors through different organizations, police feel there is clear ground for them to slap the Goondas act on him. The process of attaching his land and movable properties in Sathyamangalam and Perunthurai is also reaching the final stage.At present, Susi Emu Farms is facing 926 complaints worth Rs 60 crore. \"Fearing action from enforcement and income tax , some of the investors who invested huge sums are yet to submit their complaints. Guru's well wishers are now sending letters to cheated investors saying he would be out soon and put the business back on track. That has also affected filing of the complaints. But there is an increase in the flow of complaints now because people have lost faith in his words,'' said S Sounderrajan, inspector of EOW.\"Now, the government has relaxed the procedure of filing complaints against cheating emu firms by allowing petitioners to reach the police station close to the firm's office. There is no need to reach Erode to file the complaint at EOW office,'' he said.According to him, 21 more persons who are involved in the emu investment fraud are still at large and efforts are on to nab them. The big sharks include Queen Emu Farm managing director Mayilsamy, who faces 327 cases worth Rs 18 crore and Key Gee Bright Live Stock India (Private) Limited owner Karthik Sankar, who cheated 324 investors to the tune of Rs 30.10 crore.A team of EOW is now camping in Kunnamkulam in Thrissur district of Kerala to arrest him and his police constable wife Gayathri, who is allegedly hiding there to evade arrest. US-based NRI Pennamma C Simson (59) had filed a complaint with EOW against Key Gee claiming that the company cheated her to the tune of Rs 60 lakh. A native of Silk Street in Kozhikode, Pennamma's has been the largest claim received by EOW so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760762", "title": "Retina degeneration cases on rise", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your child has been rubbing his eyes often, there are chances of degeneration of retina \u2014 keratoconus (an eye disorder). There are growing cases of such cases coming to city hospitals. Also, the age-old mantra of splashing water on eyes is not recommended by doctors, as this is seen as leading to bacterial infections.On World Sight Day, urging parents to get proper screening of premature babies to avoid blindness, Dr Mangat Dogra, an ophthalmologist at the PGI said, \"We are seeing growing incidence of premature babies with visual defects. If they are screened, it would prevent blindness in them. Everyday we see two-three such babies.IVF babies are more vulnerable to blindness.\"Amongst adolescents there are more incidences of keratoconus which cannot be corrected even by wearing spectacles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759734", "title": "BJP launches campaign against UPA", "text": "NAGPUR: Following a decision taken at the Surajkund national executive meeting last month, the Bharatiya Janata Party , on Wednesday, launched a monthlong agitation seeking ouster of the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre.Announcing the programme here, party's state unit general secretary and city MLA Devendra Fadnavis said the agitation targets prime minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi . It will highlight their 'anti-people' policies like foreign direct investment in retail trade, scams like 2G, CWG, coalgate and also the irrigation scam in Maharashtra.The party will also utilize \"fourfold price-hike since 2004, big hike in petrol, diesel, LPG and essential commodities\" to create an anti-Congress sentiment among people before the general elections. 'Oust Congress to get rid of corruption, price-rise' will be our slogan, said Fadnavis.Everyone, right from the central to state and district level leaders will hold public meetings till November 11 campaigning against Congress-led governments, he added.Fadnavis also circulated copies of the letter written ten years ago by Manmohan Singh, who was then the leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha and Congress whip Priyaranjan Dasmunshi. In the letters they had taken a clear stand against any move to introduce FDI in retail trade.\"At that time Singh had clearly mentioned that the move would render lakhs of people engaged in retail trade jobless. Dasmunshi had, in his letter to then commerce minister Murasoli Maran, pleaded against FDI saying it would be detrimental to the interests of retail traders in the country,\" said Fadnavis.Excerpts of the Economic Survey of 2004 presented by UPA-I had clearly praised the economic policies of the previous NDA government and mentioned that inflation had dropped to 4.2% from the double digits in 90s. It also praised the food management policy of the NDA government, claimed Fadnavis.\"But the situation has taken a drastic turn. Massive scams by the UPA government have bled the economy. From a position where the country looked poised to emerge as an economic superpower it has fallen into total fiscal mess today. The country has suffered huge reverses,\" said Fadnavis, lamenting that Manmohan Singh was reluctant to take serious steps to curb corruption in high places.Fadnavis also slammed the DF government's decision in giving three subsidized additional cylinders to the BPL section saying it was a misleading move as most of the BPL cardholders did use LPG as fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16760807", "title": "Repairs will restore Dandi Pul glory", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's an effort to revive public memory and the deep relation that the city had with Mahatma Gandhi and his famous Dandi march. Thanks to the Gujarat high court's intervention, the Dandi bridge has gone up the first pedestal of conservation. Engineers have removed decomposed and weak teak wood planks that had supported a thick tar bed for such a long time. Restoration experts have now decided to replace these planks with fresh teak wood planks of exact size so to maintain the sanctity of the monument.\"It's a careful process. After removing the wooden planks we are replacing rusted bolts of the steel frame of the bridge with fresh ones, we are also identifying the weak links in the steel frame and replacing them. The work will take at least a year. We are also applying anti-rust paint to give longevity to the structure. It's going to cost Rs 2.06 crore,\" says a senior AMC official.On World heritage day on April 17, a large portion of the Dandi pul started burning because of garbage heap below had caught fire. \"It seemed for a while that the city had burned its bridge with the Mahatma. I felt so sad,\" says Kanu Thakor, 72, of Parakshitlal Majmudar Society.The AMC report on the condition of the bridge had proposed cleaning of the passage under the bridge, and emphasized on building awareness about the bridge in the nearby clusters. The first phase of the two stage plan includes restoration of Dandi Pul and paving new road sections on it. The second phase of the project includes a comprehensive master plan for the surrounding area of 1.77 hectares. It also includes improving road condition, landscaping the area, necessary tourism infrastructure and connectivity to Sabarmati riverfront and Ashram Road.Cept University has suggested completing restoration work in about 12 months after finalizing the design and tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760580", "title": "Worms in chicken may land KFC in legal soup", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The customer who found worms in the chicken dish at the KFC outlet will file a complaint with the consumer affairs court and human rights commission on Thursday. Shiju Basheer who had been served worm-infested chicken said that he would go to any extent to get justice.\"I am disappointed by the service they offered. To find worms in chicken from KFC was shocking. I have already talked to my advocate and will file a complaint,\" said Basheer.Meanwhile, food safety officials will check the chicken samples collected from KFC for microbial presence. The samples have already been sent to the lab. The result is most likely to be available on Saturday.\"Some of the samples we collected from KFC were seven months old. Since the worms were found in fried chicken, we need to find if the chicken was infected with bacteria. The microbiology test would require a minimum of five days. We are expecting the results by Saturday,\" a food-safety official said.The official however said that, although chicken can be stored for nine-months, it is very important that the temperature in which it is stored is maintained at 18 degree celsius. \"During transportation or storage, this temperature may have changed which made the chicken go bad. However, we have to get the lab results to see how badly the chicken was infected,\" the official said.The KFC outlet was shutdown on Monday after Basheer complained of worms in the dish served to him. Basheer's brother Shiju who was admitted in the hospital after he had eaten the chicken dish from KFC was discharged on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762388", "title": "Subhashan is new Lok Ayukta", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Subhashan Reddy was on Wednesday appointed the Lok Ayukta of Andhra Pradesh. He will take over from S Ananda Reddy who demits office on Thrusday. The new Lok Ayukta will be sworn in at the Raj Bhavan on Friday morning.According to sources, governor E SL Narasimhan cleared the file after the state government sent it to him for a second time. On the first occasion, the governor sent back the file on the grounds that AP high Court acting chief justice P C Ghose had objected to the appointment. As per norms, any one who served as chief justice of any high court or a sitting judge of a high court can be appointed as lok ayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761311", "title": "Income-Tax department search on at premises of two businessmen", "text": "JAIPUR: The Income-Tax department on Wednesday launched a massive search operation at the residences, offices and factories of two businessmen in the city.While one of the businessmen is engaged in a jewellery business and owns a construction company, the other is into real estate business and owns an iron rod manufacturing unit at VIT. The officials started the raids at 20 different locations from 7 am. According to officials, while 18 places are in Jaipur, one is in Jaisalmer and the other is Mumbai. It includes offices, farm houses, and residences.In Jaipur, raids are on at C-Scheme, Gopalji ka Rasta and Vishwakarma Industrial. \"Our 150 officials are on the job and the process will be completed by Thursday evening. While a search is on at 14 places, in six places we are just doing a survey. Nothing can be ascertained at this point as assessment of books and documents are in process,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762404", "title": "Bejai parish centenary celebration valedictory on Sunday", "text": "MANGALORE: The valedictory of centenary celebrations of Bejai parish, which came into existence in 1912, will be held at the church premises here on Sunday. Bejai Parish priest Fr Victor Machado said Bejai, that was part of Rosario parish for long, was made an independent parish with Fr Sebastian Noronha as the first parish priest in 1912.\"St Francis Xavier Church, which is popularly known as Bejai church, of Bejai parish was built by Fr EAC Colaco in 1928 and currently, the parish has a total strength of 1,350 families with 6,500 members under it. From 1912 onwards, 14 priests have rendered their services here with 48 assistants. The parish has given great importance to education of children and youth in the region,\" Fr Machado said.The finale of centenary celebrations will be preceded by a cultural evening on Friday and a procession of tableaus on culture and religion on Saturday. Bishop of Mangalore most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza will preside over the closing function on Sunday. Goa state post master general Charles Lobo will be the guest, he said.The central part of the celebration is the thanksgiving holy mass with 100 member choir singing.Meanwhile, a few prominent people, who have rendered their services to Bejai, will be honoured as part of the celebrations. A musical play on St Francis Xavier will be staged by artistes of Bejai.The parish has paid great importance to the growth of Christian faith and the cultivation of social and civic responsibilities of people.\"The parish has plans of building house for the poor, distributing scholarship to the needy for higher education, environmental protection, renovation of St Francis Xavier Higher Primary School, upgrading Lourdes Central School and implementing short and long term programmes to create social and political awareness for the integral growth of the youth,\" Fr Machado said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759775", "title": "Headmaster assaulted by staffer", "text": "NAGPUR: A school headmaster from Koradi was assaulted on Tuesday by his staffer after a heated argument over cleanliness in the institution premises. Headmaster Sunil Naikwad was injured after he was hit on the head by accused Arun Rahate with a spade. Naikwad was rushed to a private hospital.It is learnt that Naikwad was upset with the filth in the premises during inspection. He called Rahate to point out the unclean places in the school. This left Rahate enraged, and he attacked Naikwad and left him bleeding from the head.Koradi police have registered an offence of assault with a weapon against Rahate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762602", "title": "Dasara adventure sports to boost festival spirit", "text": "MYSORE: The young and the enthusiastic, who are seeking an adrenaline rush, get ready for the Dasara days. This year, a few interesting adventure sports activities have been included to mark the celebrations.Dasara Adventure sports committee president Mahadeva Nandeesh said various competitions will be held from October 17 to 22.Water sports competitions like jet skiing, kayaking and banana ride at Varuna lake on the Mysore -T Narsipur Road from 9.30 am to 5 pm. This year, there will be two boats each for every ride. Air adventure sports parasailing will be held at the Mandakalli airport from October 18 to 22 .The panel is yet to get approval from airport authorities for parasailing due to security reasons. Other competitions include climbing the Chamundi Hills steps on October 20 at 6.30 am, wall climbing contest at Chamundi Vihar Stadium from October 17 to 21.Cash prizes for winnersCycle race will be held at Hunsur Road on October 22 at 6.30am.Five winners will be given cash prizes starting from Rs 25, 000. More than 400 men and 200 women cyclists are expected to take part in the event. Cycle polo competition will be held at Village Hostel grounds, Manasagangotri, on October 21 and 22 from 10 am.Zip-line and river crossing competitions are planned at Dr Rajkumar Park from October 18 to 22 between 10am and 5pm.Dirt track motorcycle rally will be held at Lalith Mahal Palace grounds on October 22 at 10 am. Training on wall artificial climbing event will be organized at Chamundi Vihar from October 17 to 21 (9.30am to 5.30pm).There will be stone lifting show by youths from Belgaum and building climbing show by Jyothiraj alias Kotirama of Chitradurga. Treasure hunt will be an added attraction. The schedule of the event is yet to be finalized. For more information contact: 9964051275 (Mahadeva Nandeesh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16759895", "title": "1000 youths want to return home from PoK: J&K; govt", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu &amp; Kashmir government on Wednesday informed the state legislature that over 1,000 Kashmiri youth stranded in PoK have applied to return home under its rehabilitation programme.Minister of state for home Nasir Aslam Wani informed the house that the government has received 1,082 applications from Kashmiris stranded in PoK since they crossed over for arms training in the 1990s.Around 5,000 Kashmiri are believed to be there and most of them want to return having abjured violence.Wani said 66 people, some of them along with their families, have returned via Nepal and other routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761080", "title": "Give colleges freedom on courses, curriculum: Karnataka Knowledge Commission", "text": "BANGALORE: Colleges affiliated to various universities in the state may soon be given the freedom to design courses and curriculum, going by the Karnataka Knowledge Commission's (KKC) final set of recommendations.Greater autonomy to colleges is among the recommendations KKC submitted to chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Wednesday.Incentives for opening women's colleges and more inter-university ties are among the other recommendations.The focus on health should be on an efficient medicine supply system through \"a centralized procurement and decentralised distribution model\", the KKC said and suggested increasing public spending on drugs by raising government expenditure on healthcare from 7% to 15%.It also recommended formulating an urban primary health policy, a single window to identify the various scholarship and loan schemes floated by the Centre and the state for higher education, and publication of books in Kannada for teacher-educators.The recommendations pertained to KKC's focus areas of teacher development, higher education policy, skill development, public health, community knowledge and practices and Karnataka Geographic Information System.KKC has called for a special mission for publication of wide range of books and materials in Kannada for teacher-educators beginning with translation or transliteration of classics. Fellowships for teachers and an independent academy for all issues pertaining to teachers are the other issues suggested by the mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761364", "title": "Rough ride for capital buses", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two years have passed since the bus service was introduced in the city but infrastructure such as main depot, origin and departure (OD) terminals, bus stoppages and bays are yet to come up. The service was launched by chief minister Naveen Patnaik on October 10, 2010 in the PPP mode under Centre-sponsored Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Though Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) was supposed to construct the main terminal on five acre land at Pokhariput, the project is moving at a snail's pace. The authority has missed several deadlines, notwithstanding repeated reminders by chief secretary and secretary of the housing and urban development department. Similarly, around 22 OD terminals are required and the government had announced to construct only 12. But, not a single OD terminal has come up till date.Dream Team Sahara (DTS), operator of the bus service, said the company is incurring heavy losses due to idle run of vehicle in the absence of main and OD terminals. At present, all buses are being parked in the temporary bus terminal at Master Canteen.\"We have so far lost nearly Rs 45 lakh due to idle run of vehicles. After dropping passengers at the last stoppage, the vehicles are returning all the way to Master Canteen, which is a huge wastage of fuel,\" DTS chief executive officer Sudhansu Jena said. \"We are also facing loss due to hike in fuel prices. The diesel prices went up a few weeks ago soon after we revised our tariff,\" Jena said, adding \"We have sent another proposal to the government seeking a revision.\"Beset with problems from all sides, DTS did not celebrate the second anniversary of the bus service on Wednesday. Passengers are also unhappy. \"We do not where to stand to catch a bus in the absence of designated bus stops. As a result, the buses halt at any and every place when the passengers want so,\" Ranjit Hota, a passenger said.Currently, 105 buses ply on 13 routes in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri. Twenty more buses, which were procured by the government under the JNNURM scheme in 2010, are yet to hit the roads for want of infrastructure. The vehicles are gathering dust after remaining unused since long. DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said, \"We have been getting tremendous response and support from the passengers. If government provides us the basic infrastructure, we can smoothly run the show.\"\"We are coordinating with government departments to develop the infrastructure. Everything will fall in place soon,\" said A N Jena, chairman of the Bhubaneswar Puri Transport Service Limited (BPTSL), an outfit constituted by the government to manage the city bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759267", "title": "Anti-graft laws will soon cover private sector too: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said the government was working to amend existing laws to punish bribery in the private sector, saying economic reforms had created new opportunities for corruption and there was need to focus on the \"supply side\" of corruption.Singh, who was addressing officers of the CBI and anti-corruption bureaus, said the changes in the works would also include provisions to protect and encourage honest public servants.The PM said the government would provide a \"clear and unambiguous\" definition of 'corruption' to cover corruption on the supply side as well, implying that those guilty of bribery in the private sector would be treated on par with public servants accused of graft.The idea of expanding the ambit of anti-corruption laws to cover private sector is not new, having been articulated on several occasions, including by the PM himself. In fact, drafts of the proposed changes have been circulated to sound out the states, most of whom appear to be on board.Still, the fresh focus acquires significance because of the deepening perception of crony capitalism and UPA's political need to dispel it.Speaking about the inadequacy of existing laws because they don't cover bribery, the PM said, \"Experience has shown that in a vast majority of cases, it is difficult to tackle consensual bribery and the supplier of the bribe goes scot free by taking recourse to the provisions of the Act. This would be taken care of in the proposed amendment.\"He referred to what he seemed to see as a big hole in the anti-corruption armour in view of an expanding economy to say, \"Experience has also shown that big ticket corruption is mostly related to operations by large commercial entities. It is therefore also proposed to include corporate failure to prevent bribery as a new offence on the supply side.\"We are considering amendments to the Prevention of Corruption Act, not only in view of the judicial rulings on its provisions, but also with the purpose of filling certain gaps in the legislation and bringing it in line with current international practice. A clear and unambiguous definition for the term 'corruption', covering both the supply and demand sides, is being sought to be provided.\"The PM explained the need to amend the law by speaking of the changes in the economy after the introduction of reforms, saying anti-corruption officials also needed to keep pace with the fast-paced development. He seemed to disagree with those who have blamed the 'scamplosion' on reforms and crony capitalism, but acknowledged that they had created new avenues for corruption.\"The economic reforms initiated in the early 90s greatly reduced many of the old forms of corrupt practices, associated with controls and the licence-permit raj. They resulted in faster economic growth and new areas of economic activity. This in turn led to newer opportunities for corruption, ones associated with specialization and expansion of our economy,\" he said.The government has proposed to change the Indian Penal Code (IPC) to make bribery in private sector a \"criminal offence\" in keeping with the practice in many countries. There is a proposal to insert two sections -- 160(A) and 160(B) - in the existing law.While 160(A) seeks to treat \"giving, offering or promising\" bribe to a private person as an offence, 160(B) provides for imprisonment up to seven years for those guilty of that offence.Government proposes to change Section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act to protect and encourage honest officers even after their superannuation.Last year, while addressing the CBI conference, the PM had said, \"The government is working on ways and means to minimize discretionary powers of public authorities and the issue of a public procurement law to minimize irregularities in the award of government contracts worth thousands of crores of rupees every year.\"Singh's comments come at a time when the government is under all-round attack over corruption with 2G spectrum, coal block allocation and Commonwealth Games scams being the notorious cases.Talking about need to take some strong steps on corruption, he said, \"We need to ensure that even while the corrupt are relentlessly pursued and brought to book, the innocents are not harassed. The importance of making a distinction between bonafide mistakes and colorable exercise of power in investigation of corruption cases cannot be over emphasized.\"On the occasion, CBI director A P Singh emphasized that \"the rationale behind any vigilance activity is not to reduce, but to enhance the effectiveness of the government delivery mechanism\" and that \"it should be ensured that the guilty are not only punished adequately, but also promptly\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760422", "title": "India to get a $100mn green boost", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Global Environment Facility (GEF), the largest funder of environmental projects worldwide, is all set to invest close to $30 million in India over the next few years. Speaking exclusively to TOI on the sidelines of the ongoing CoP-11, Gustavo AB da Fonseca, head (natural resources), GEF, said that this money would support five projects that are likely to take off in the country in the next three-to-six years. Apart from GEF assistance, these environment conservation projects will also receive financial backing from private organisations and bilateral agencies as well as from the Union government, which is going to add up to another $70 million. Excerpts from an interview:Q. What are these projects, on which GEF is collaborating with India?A. There are about five projects that we are looking at. All of them have been approved but are yet to be implemented. The first project is related to sustainable development of medicinal plants for which GEF will put in $5 million. Another $7 million will come from co-financing agencies. There is another coastal project along the Malvan Coast (Maharashtra where GEF will contribute $3.5 million with co-financing agencies adding $ 10 million. The third project is on biodiversity protection along the Western Ghats (GEF: $6.3 million, co-financing: $30 million). The fourth project relates to Island Conservation in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (GEF: $ 3.4million, co-financing: $6 million). The most important, of course, is the project that we are doing in collaboration with World Bank on biodiversity and rural livelihood improvement; GEF will be releasing $11 million for this while $35 million is expected to pour in by way of co-financing.How much has GEF already invested in India?We have worked closely with India, especially on climate change. The GEF alone has put in $307 million in the country so far to support its various projects related to climate change. In the area of biodiversity, too, our organisation has worked closely with the Indian government. Our investments till date add up to $76 million with an additional co-financing of $200 million. In fact, I can safely say that India is one of the top 10 recipients of GEF funds in the world. And most of our projects here have been successful. GEF supports about 155 countries across the globe.Speaking of the larger picture, what is the total budget that CBD is looking at to meet its Aichi Targets?GEF does produce any assessments. But there have been few independent assessments that have been done by various groups. The one that has been compiled by CoP itself through an experts' committee (comprising individuals from among member countries) is a three-level assessment where the minimum amount has been pegged at $5 billion. At the second level it is $7 billion and at the highest it is $12 billion. There was also another high-level committee comprising experts from UK and India that came up with a figure of a few hundred billion dollars. But considering that in our last plan, the allotment to biodiversity was just about $1.2 billion, I don't know how much can be actually raised from donors.What do you hope to take back from CoP-11? Does GEF have any plans to increase its biodiversity budget (presently 30% of its total funds) in the future?The convention has been negotiating and deliberating for over 20 years now as to how to conserve biodiversity. We hope that by the end of this meet there are some concrete plans of implementing these discussions. Speaking of increasing our budget on biodiversity, I must tell you that our actual investment in this area is at over 50%. That is because, apart from the 30%, about 20% more goes on biodiversity projects supported through our work on climate change, water conservation and sustainable land management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761891", "title": "Antaragni guests click instantly with IIT-K campus", "text": "KANPUR: It is that time of the year when the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur campus comes alive with a galaxy of competitive events, all in the spirit of celebration. For the biggest annual cultural student's festival Antaragni-2012 that begins on the campus on Thursday, teams of student participants started to arrive from Wednesday.They were seen touring the campus, charmed by its lush green ambience, clicking pictures of their peer groups and the venue, all to update the status on social networking websites like facebook and twitter.When asked about their updated status, the young boys and girls were quick to share that they had uploaded pictures of IIT-Kanpur and their first day experience on the campus. They got their registrations done and were allotted rooms for their four-day stay on the campus.Students from famous colleges like St Stephen's, Hansraj and Gargi College from Delhi were already rehearsing for competitions including dance, dramatics, English and Hindi literary events, fine arts, films and photography, music and quiz.The excitement was writ large on their faces. With a view to making it a huge success, several competitions have been lined up to take place in next four days. An overall championship trophy will be presented to the best performing college in all the eight categories of competitions.Over 1,500 students from 80 educational institutes are participating in Antaragni this year.Jaspreet Kaur, a Delhi University student, told TOI that it was a joy to be part of such a grand event. \"I am a little nervous at the moment as I have never been out of my city before but soon I will adjust to the new place,\" said Jaspreet.Another Jaspreet\u2014Khanduja\u2014from Delhi University too, on the other hand, was excited to be at IIT-Kanpur for the third time.The two girls along with their group started rehearsing for 'nukkad natak' (street play) competition scheduled to be held on Friday. A food court in the Student Activity Centre was almost complete to serve different delicacies.Sand artist Pedro Mira a special invitee from Portugal went ahead with preparing his sand sculptures in an expert manner. His sand sculpture will be greeting students coming to the IIT-Kanpur campus.A member of the Antaragni team informed TOI that the music composer trio Shanker-Ehsan-Loy was likely to perform live on October 14, the last night of the event, to thousands of students on the auditorium grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16761984", "title": "Short movie for girls to tackle Romeos", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of their ongoing campaign against eve-teasers, women cops on Wednesday showed a short movie to the students of SS Khanna Degree College on ways to tackle eve-teasers. They also held an awareness camp at Rama Devi Inter College on the issue.Station officer of Mahila Thana, Rita Singh, said, \"We have been exhibiting small movie clips to girl students in order to create awareness against eve teasing.\" She added that they would also show these clips in co-ed educational institutions.Singh said educational institutions are cooperating with women cops to create awareness. On such occasion, poster and painting campaign was also held at girls schools to make girls aware and help them develop self-confidence.Police have also distributed pamphlets and pasted stickers with phone numbers of police officers and control rooms in different parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760256", "title": "35 new dengue cases reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi reported 35 fresh cases of dengue on Wednesday, the highest for a single day this season. The total number of cases has now gone up to 298. A nine-year-old girl from Sangam Vihar in South Delhi, who was confirmed positive for dengue, died last month while being treated at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS).The municipal health officer said that of the 35 new cases, two cases were reported from NDMC areas in the capital while the others were reported from South, North and East Delhi municipality areas. \"In the last 10 days, more than 150 dengue cases have been reported from across the city. In September, 55 dengue cases were reported,\" the officer said. He added that though the number of cases has increased significantly but the strain of virus causing the disease seems to be milder as not many people are presenting with severe symptoms.\"We are in touch with the medical superintendents of all major hospitals and they have assured us that enough platelet is available for any emergency situation,\" Delhi health minister A K Walia said. He added that the municipal authorities have been asked to report correctly on the number of cases so that fogging and other preventive measures can be intensified in the sensitive locations.Last year, 323 cases of dengue were reported in Delhi till October 6. In 2010, there were 4,065 cases, including 24 from outside. Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently chaired a meeting to review the dengue situation and directed health authorities to step up awareness campaign and fogging to check the spread of the disease, besides increasing testing facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762396", "title": "Year of Faith will begin today", "text": "MANGALORE: The inauguration of Year of Faith, as announced by Pope Benedict XVI, will take place simultaneously in Vatican City and diocese of Mangalore on Thursday.Most Rev Dr Aloysius Paul D' Souza, bishop of Mangalore, will inaugurate the Year of Faith by unveiling its logo during a holy mass at the Rosario Cathedral, Pandeshwar at 4pm.Rt Rev Msgr Denis Moras, vicar general, very rev Fr Henry Sequiera, chancellor, the clergy and the laity of the diocese will take part in the inaugural function. The same event will be inaugurated in all parishes of the diocese on Sunday.A Konkani version of the apostolic letter, translated by Fr Francis D' Souza, will be released on the occasion and will be made available to all priests and the laity of the diocese.The apostolic letter has been promulgated by the Pope and is named Porta Fidei (Door of Faith).It may be recalled that Pope Benedict XVI had announced that the Catholic Church will celebrate the Year of Faith from Thursday to November 24, 2013 to mark the 50th anniversary of the opening of the Second Vatican Council and the 20th anniversary of the promulgation of the Catechism of the Catholic Church.Fr JB Crasta, secretary, Council of Priests, said that both of these events are significant moments in the faith life of catholics.Likewise, opening of the Year of Faith will coincide with the next general assembly of the Synod of Bishops, to be held in October, with the theme of New Evangelization for the Transmission of the Christian Faith.Fr Crasta said for the meaningful celebrations of the Year of Faith, the Vatican has proposed various activities to be celebrated at the universal, national, diocesan and parish levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760623", "title": "Graft replacing reforms as national debate worries Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Corruption has ended the recent run of economic reforms dominating the national headlines, endangering Congress's fledgling effort to end the shadow of graft that paralyzed the government for much of last year.The relentless attack from anti-graft campaigner Arvind Kejriwal seems a success given the wide resonance it has found with people, and reflected in media coverage of daily \"exposes\". The graft charge has supplanted economic reforms as prime news that held sway since P Chidambaram took charge as finance minister.The reversal on Wednesday found echo in the comments of Congress and UPA, with the PM warning that unnecessary negativity could sap the country's morale. AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury rubbished the incessant allegations against Robert Vadra, saying, \"It is no surprise that every time we make economic reforms and want to take country forward, BJP fears that Congress will do well and starts this campaign. But this government would continue to work and take steps for economic growth.\"The concern over graft replacing reforms as national debate has jolted the party which hoped that FDI-related issues would restore governance to centrestage after a year of crippling Anna Hazare-led campaign. The finance minister did manage to renew focus on decision-making, as much because of significance of reforms as for the political risk they constitute for Congress, but the spell has proved short-lived.Congressmen are apprehensive of another stumble to trump negativity aimed at party brass ahead of crucial elections to Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh. The party has hoped that an improved performance in Gujarat and win in the hill state could end the defeatist mood within after recent losses. A bad show by BJP, it feels, would help prove that local graft and non-performance still mattered despite attacks on UPA.Beyond assembly contests, the fear in the backdrop of Vadra affair is centred around its long-term implications. An AICC leader said, \"The impact of the new attack would depend on the nature of evidence the campaigners are able to bring. If it is serious, doubts on the first family can damage us politically.\" It was an allusion to shadow of corruption on Congress's first family tying the leadership's hands in taking tough decisions.The prospect of serious ramifications has prompted Congress to see a \"BJP hand\" in Kejriwal's renewed firepower. \"They are wanting to handicap us for 2014 polls,\" a leader said.To Congressmen, Kejriwal's campaign marks a departure from past such efforts that consciously steered clear of 10, Janpath. It may leave the leadership vulnerable in future since the aggression of fledgling politicians is likely to pressure the mainstream anti-Congress forces to follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759495", "title": "On way back from astrologer, man dies in mishap", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old man, who went to an astrologer in Mahabalipuram to know about his future, died in an accident on his way back to Chennai on Tuesday night.Police said F Johnson was riding pillion on a bike, along with two of his friends, when the rider lost balance and the three fell. Two of his friends, Chandru and Kapali, are undergoing treatment in the Government General Hospital, Chennai. Johnson was a resident of Thomas Road in Teynampet.Johnson suffered severe head injuries when the bike fell into a pit by the roadside. Passersby called an ambulance and shifted them to the hospital, but Johnson died on Wednesday morning. The other two men are out of danger.Mahabalipuram police inspector S Thirunavukarasu, who is probing the case, said, \"The three friends came to meet an astrologer in a village near Mahabalipuram. It looks like one of them wanted to know about his marriage.\" While on their way back, the rider lost balance on a curve 2km from Mahabalipuram on East Coast Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16763494", "title": "Shroffs to sell Sony shares", "text": "If they do, they would be ending their 17-year-long association with the television channel. So what gives?Jt seems times are changing for Jackie and Ayesha Shroff. Among other things, Jackie recently bought a house in Bandra Bandstand, which is in the neighbourhood of both Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan .And now we hear Jackie and Ayesha are planning to sell their 10 per cent holding in Sony TV. If they actually offload the shares, they would be ending their 17-year-long association with the television channel. While the value of their shares is not known, word is it is likely to be much more than their initial investment as the channel has come a long way since its inception.An insider from the Shroff family told TOI, \"Jackie and Ayesha have a beautiful working relationship with Sony. Today, it is one of the leading channels in India. They have holdings in it for 17 years.\"So why are they even contemplating parting ways with the company? \"Sony TV has been a great experience and Jackie and Ayesha have many friends in the company. But they now have different ideas on different investments. After all, how long can they go on doing the same thing?\" the insider revealed.Indeed, things have been looking up for the Shroffs lately. Their son Tiger (21) is gearing up for his acting debut in Sajid Nadiadwalia's Heropanti. Jackie himself is back with a vengeance. In the last two months, the actor has signed three big films: Dhoom 3 , Aurangzeb and Happy New Year . Apparently, he is ready to work with filmmakers for Rs 75 lakh and less if the project excites him. The Khans, particularly Aamir and SRK are very supportive of him.The Sony matter apart, there's already so much going for Jackie. We wonder what will be the actor's next move?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760417", "title": "Global Investors' Summit preparations in full swing", "text": "INDORE: The preparations for the third edition of Global Investors' Summit (GIS) are in full swing. The state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan is likely to be in the city for the entire duration of the summit from October 28 to 30.The preparations are going on in full swings for the. However, untime rains disrupted the preparations. The state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chauhan will be there in Indore for three days all through the summit.Talking to TOI, after addressing the review meeting on the eve of GIS here this morningthe state industry and information technology minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya, said that many industrialists' including A Firodiya, Kumarmangalam Birla of Aditya Birla group , Subroto Roy of Sahara group and Subhash Chandra Goel of Zee group will be participating in it.He added that arrangements to accommodate around 600 delegates in some of the prominent hotels of the city have been made. \"This time our focus is on value addition by the investors in terms of providing employment to local skilled youth,\" said Vijayvargiya.Additional chief secretary, PK Dash, said, \"I have asked the officials concerned to expedite the ongoing works like painting of the walls at the venue, cleanliness and incomplete repair works. While one more review meeting would be held at Bhopal on October 18, we expect the preparations to get over by that time. A full-dress rehearsal of the show will be held on October 26.\"Commenting on the interests of the investors being envisaged by the investorsfor investing their money in the state, Dash said, \"Lots of investors are coming forward. The policy announcement on sectoral basis has attracted the investors like anything.\"He added that the other state departments which have announced their policies include agriculture business, textiles, engineering and pharmacy. \"It is for the first time that we have given an industry status to a tourism industry,\" said Dash.Prabhat Parashar, divisional commissioner, Indore, said, \"While arrangements have already been made for undisrupted power supply during the event. The MPEB will be responsible for supplying 4500 kv power to the venue and the remaining power requirement would be met by installation of three DG (diesel generator) sets, having capacity of 500 kv each.\"Manish Singh, MD, AKVN (Indore), said that a 25-point agenda was discussed at length during the meeting. After the meeting was over, all the 200 government officials, that attended the deliberations of the day, proceeded for the site inspection of Labh Ganga garden, which is the venue for the three-day show.\"Ashok Badjatya, president of Association of Industries MP, said, \"We along with Pithampur Industries Association have been assigned to make the arrangements for lunch of the delegates on the inaugural day of the event. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762444", "title": "Congress team claims Telangana solution on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mahbubnagar district Congress leaders on Wednesday claimed that President Pranab Mukherjee had assured them that a 'final solution' to the Telangana issue would be announced by the UPA government soon. Interacting with a Congress party delegation from Mahbubnagar district, consisting of MLAs, former ministers, former MPs and senior party leaders, the President reportedly told them that he had information that a possible permanent solution was on the cards.\"I am told that the government is seriously considering finding a permanent solution to Telangana issue,\" is what the President said when the delegation led by information and public relations minister DK Aruna met him, Congress sources said. The delegation consisting of former MPs Mallu Ravi, D Vittal Rao, former minister J Chittaranjan, MLAs V M Abraham, C Pratap Reddy, MLC S Jagadeswara Reddy said they were pleasantly surprised when the President himself broached the subject of Telangana.According to Mallu Ravi and Jagadeswara Reddy, Pranab Mukherjee felt that the issue shouldn't see any more delay. \"It is already late. It's sooner the better a solution for Telangana,\" the President opined, according to the delegation members.However, Ravi and Reddy said they did not present any memorandum to the President. \"We went to Rashtrapati Bhavan to greet the President. When we told him that we had come to Delhi to exert pressure on the Union government for an early decision on Telangana, he himself spoke about the issue,\" they said. Also on Wednesday, the delegation met Union panchayat raj minister Kishore Chandra Deo , rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and minister of state for railways K H Muniappa.Late on Tuesday night, the delegation had met Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. They are expected to call on Ghulam Nabi Azad , AICC general secretary in charge of Andhra Pradesh , and party president Sonia Gandhi before returning to Hyderabad.In another development, home minister Shinde said the process to elicit opinions of various people on Telangana was on. But, he did not commit himself as to when the process would end. \"As far as I know, the process is still on. I cannot say that it will be completed before Dasara or after Diwali,\" he told the media at a government hosted event in Delhi. The home minister was categorical that there was no plan to hold an all-party meet on the T issue in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16762945", "title": "Soon, phones may become as thin &amp; flexible as paper", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761416", "title": "Imams refuse to take cheques from Mamata in public", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had hoped to hand over cheques to them on the dais. But unlike their colleagues in the districts, imams from Kolkata refused to oblige. Minutes before they were to be called upon to queue up near the dais, Maulana Syed Noor Ur Rehman Barkati, Shahi Imam of the Tipu Sultan Mosque in Kolkata walked up to the microphone and announced that it will be below the dignity of the imams \u2014 who are religious leaders \u2014 to collect the Wazifa or state stipend cheques in this manner. The cheques would have to be sent to their homes, he said.Mamata was clearly taken by surprise by this announcement but she took it in her stride and continued to disburse cheques, bicycles and OBC certificates to other beneficiaries at the programme organized by the minority affairs and madrasah education department of West Bengal and the state Minorities Development and Finance Corporation.On Wednesday, cheques and other benefits were announced for 18,051 people, including 600 imams and moazzins (those who give the call for namaaz from mosques) from Kolkata.\"We shall organize such programmes in the remaining districts soon. With our decision to support Muslim OBCs, the community will benefit. We have now also decided to include the Sheikh community in the list of Muslim OBCs. We have already spent nearly Rs 680 crore on such schemes. With the additional schemes, the total expenditure will cross Rs 1,000 crore. Every district will have a minority bhavan and an employment bank. We want the minority communities to develop. We want community members to become IAS, IPS, WBCS and WBPS officers. We have also decided to register 10,000 madrassas by relaxing norms,\" Mamata said.It was clear from her speech that Mamata wants to counter IPS officer Nazrul Islam's accusations that the government is relying more on subsidies to woo the Muslims rather than helping them in improving their status.\"There were irregularities in the Board of Wakfs. We have referred 14 cases to the CBI. The remaining cases are being investigated by the CID. The minority communities love me. During Eid, people send me mutton and other delicacies. I don't have mutton and distribute it among others. Similarly, when the Sikhs celebrate the birthdays of Guru Nanak and Bhagat Singh (sic), they send me halwa. I will complete all projects that have been announced. I would just appeal to you all not to get involved in communal violence. Some political parties will try to incite you for their own benefit. Don't bother about those who threaten to stop development funds,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16761981", "title": "110 writers make their arrival on the literary scene", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Over a hundred new writers made their grand entry to the Malayalam literary scene at a mass book release function held here on Wednesday.The literary dreams of 110 writers, ranging from college students to retired personnel, got realized at the event as doyens of Malayalam literature released their first books published under the Vigil-Sponsored Books Scheme. The works were selected from 500 writings by a selection committee and the expenses for releasing the books were met through a donation from Qatar-based industrialist C K Menon.Inaugurating the event, M T Vasudevan Nair said getting the first book published was the greatest dream for every budding artist. \"This unique endeavour to help the writers publish their writings is a great service to Malayalam language,\" he said.Novelist C Radhakrishnan said the book lovers in the state probably made the highest per capita spending for books with a total annual spending of Rs 500 crores. \"Even with limited per capita income, the book lovers in the state has an unparalleled track record when it comes to splurging on books. No other society in the world would be spending so much for reading,\" he said.72-year-old debutant writer K T Ramakrishnan who got his poetry collection published at the function said the day was one of the most joyous occasions of his life as the raft of poems he has written over the last forty years were finally seeing light.Fayidha V, a first year degree student of Marthoma College, Kasaragod, was equally jubilant on making her first foray into the world of letters by publishing her poetry collection 'Muthucheppu'. \"It is truly a dream come true for me. I could not have brought out the book on my own and it feels great to be a published author,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759726", "title": "Monsoon to withdraw in a day or two: Meteorological department", "text": "NAGPUR: Monsoon winds may withdraw from the city and region in a day or two, say the regional met officials. With the southwest monsoon winds having reached Hoshangabad in Madhya Pradesh , the conditions look favourable for the line of withdrawal to cross the region soon.The high difference in the maximum and minimum temperatures over the last few days is an indication of this, they say. The daytime temperature in the city have hovered around 34 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperatures have been a couple of degrees below normal revolving around 18 degree.\"The withdrawal may even occur on Thursday. In the last few days, there have been no clouds or rains over the region. The normal withdrawal of the season is round the corner, too,\" said Vijay Barapatre, director of the regional meteorological centre. The conditions for the withdrawal include reversal of the wind pattern from southerly to northerly and no rainfall for at least five consecutive days, he added. \"Both these conditions look fulfilled so the withdrawal would happen soon,\" he said.\"Cold winds blowing towards Central India from North are causing the temperatures to dip. For the next couple of days, as we expect a change of season, both the maximum and minimum temperatures may dip further,\" said Barapatre. This phenomenon, he said, will last till the end of October.In October, the normal rainfall over Vidarbha is 31.7mm but this year the region received 6 per cent excess rainfall over the last ten days. Over the season that is from June to October, Nagpur city has had 4 per cent excess rainfall at 962.5mm while the normal is 923.9mm. Amravati has received 26 per cent more rainfall than normal becoming the only city in Vidarbha to have excess rainfall. All other cities have normal rainfall, with a difference of less than 19 per cent from normal. Buldhana has the highest negative departure percentage over normal at 15 per cent less rains than normal over the season.For the next few days, one can expect a clear sky and temperatures ranging between 34 degrees and 19 degrees respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760090", "title": "Bombay HC stays CAT warrant against secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani on Wednesday stayed an order of bailable warrant issued by the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) against finance secretary R S Gujral. The warrant was issued on October 3 in Mumbai to secure his personal presence in a contempt petition and towards compliance of an earlier CAT order on a petition made by a retired Customs deputy commissioner, Nilesh Ray, who had sought promotion benefits.The CAT had also directed a compliance report within a week and hence the government rushed to the HC. On Wednesday, after hearing additional solicitor general Kevic Setalvad and Rui Roderigues for the Centre and Sandeep Marne for Ray, now close to 80, the HC stayed the CAT's warrant order. It directed Ray to file a reply to the Centre's plea that also challenged contempt proceedings initiated by him against Gujral and said that till then no proceedings may take place before the tribunal.The finance ministry had argued that CAT's March 2011 order accepting Ray's petition had got merged with last month's HC order granting the Centre six weeks to ensure compliance of the tribunal's order. Since the six weeks were still to expire, the Centre said CAT was wrong in issuing warrant. and seeking Gujral's presence before it.Besides, on October 3, the ministry had rejected Ray's claim for promotion holding him ineligible. Ray had claimed the benefit citing a 2002 government order on promotions of officers holding the post of deputy commissioner (of the joint commission rank) to additional commissioner.Marne said he opposed the government order of rejection and the HC asked him to file a reply on that count.Gujral who was secretary Revenue till August is now secretary Expenditure in the Finance ministry in Delhi.On Tuesday, police had gone to Gujral's office to comply with the CAT order. But by then, the Centre had moved the HC., which had posted the matter for a hearing on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762089", "title": "Medicines found dumped in garbage bin", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of iron tablets and injections were found thrown at the garbage bin inside Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital here on Wednesday.Talking to TOI, Ramesh, an attendant with a patient admitted at the hospital said the medicines had been lying in the garbage bin for the past two days. \"I informed the doctors about them, but they did not take any action,\" Ramesh said. The branded medicines were around 20,000 in number and the hospital staff, on being told about the same by mediapersons, was unable to say who may have disposed them in the bin.Dr Kancha Srivastava, chief medical superintendent of the hospital refused to comment on the issue when contacted by TOI. Dr Navneet Kumar, principal of GSVM Medical College said he will personally look into the matter.Importantly, the hospital was earlier found violating norms for disposing bio-medical waste and had thrown hazardous medical waste outside the hospital in an open dumping yard. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760826", "title": "Scheme for girl child caught in Cong-NCP tiff", "text": "MUMBAI: A fiscal incentive scheme for the girl child has got caught up in the Congress-NCP one-upmanship.The Congress-led women and child development (W&CD;) department is pushing for the scheme, Sukanya Yojanato improve the skewed child sex ratio, advocates direct financial support for girls with funds being transferred to the bank account in the name of a girl child.It has proposed transfer of Rs 21,200 in the form of insurance policy in the name of a girl child. The policy would mature when the girl attains 18 years of age. A sum of Rs 1 lakh would then be transferred in the girl's bank account, which could be used by her for further education or for marriage. To be eligible, the girl cannot marry before 18 years and needs to complete education up to junior college.However, the NCP-led finance department has rejected the W&CD; suggestion that the scheme be implemented for all economically backward classes (EBCs). The finance department wants that it be applied only to EBCs in the socially backward classes. W&CD; minister Varsha Gaikwad has moved a cabinet note again in this context. While several other states have introduced similar schemes, sources said the finance department is objecting as NCP leader Supriya Sule is spearheading a campaign to promote rights of a girl child. The new scheme would mean Congress sharing some credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760392", "title": "Government slammed for putting coastline on the block", "text": "HYDERABAD: After the coal scandal, it is the ports scandal which is the next big scam brewing in India as the harbour development along Indian coasts is nothing better than a land-grab and resource appropriation tactic, according to environmental activist and Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) director general Sunita Narain.The Indian coastline is under a pincer attack from mad development and conservation where either the coast has become a huge, cheap dumping ground for garbage or a means to alienate the rights of local communities, Narain said at a panel discussion on 'Coastal development in India: Impact on biodiversity and livelihood', at which a report titled 'The Challenged Coast of India', prepared by PondyCAN (Pondy Citizen's Action Network), National Coastal Protection Campaign (NCPC), Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and Tata Institute of Social Sciences, was also released.Cautioning against repeating the mistakes India has made with forest conservation where in its zeal to protect forests it ended up depriving local communities of their access to forests, Narain batted for the cause of local fishermen saying there was an urgent need to keep their rights in mind.\"Are the beaches for tourists or the fishermen? The Coastal Regulation Zone Act put in place in the name of conservation and regulation of development has failed to prevent exploitation of the coast but has impinged on the rights of fishermen. We need to get it right by learning from the mistakes of forest conservation,\" Narain said.Earlier, at an informal interaction, Narain questioned India's moral authority in hosting the biodiversity meet considering that it was proposing to set up a National Investment Board to fast-track mega infrastructure projects that would have powers to override decisions of all ministries including the environment ministry. Coming down heavily on the NIB proposal, Ashish Kothari, co-founder of NGO Kalpavriksh, accused the Indian government of indulging in cunning doublespeak.\"On the one hand, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) talks about commitment to CBD, but on the other, the government is engaged in a blind pursuit of growth that has violated the fragile ecosystems of the country,\" Narain said. Pointing to the nearly 20 changes in the CRZ notification made in the past decade-and-a-half to dilute the notification and make it easier for industry to come up in coastal areas, Kothari called for a moratorium on all further developmental projects on the coast which is likely to harm the biodiversity of the country and displace people.At a media interaction earlier in the day, the National Fishworkers' Forum (NFF) accused the government of offering the coast and coastal waters to big business for plunder. \"India is a signatory to the CBD, it is hosting CoP-11 and will chair the CoP for the next couple of years; but for all the show put up by the government to project itself as a protector of biodiversity and natural resources, the lessons learnt by the small and traditional fishing communities testifies to the opposite,\" NFF secretary Pradip Chatterjee said.Here he pointed at the nearly 40 nuclear power plants, hundreds of coal fired power plants, industries including most polluting petroleum and petrochemical ones coming up at PCPIRs, ports, mining, tourism and townships being allowed to come up on the coast in violation of the norms with connivance of the government and are affecting the lives and livelihood of the local fishing communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16762295", "title": "Wakf Board officer held for graft", "text": "HUBLI: An official of the Wakf Board was trapped by the Lokayukta while accepting a bribe in Gadag on Wednesday. Gadag Lokayukta DySP G R Patil said Rafiq Ahmed Momin, the district Wakf Board officer, was trapped while accepting a bribe of Rs 7,000 from from Nazir Ahmed Challamarad.Rafiq Ahmed had demanded the bribe to sanction funds for the repair of Jamia Mosque in Shirol village, Nargund taluk, from its secretary Nazir Ahmed Challamarad.On the basis of a complaint filed by Nazir, Lokayukta police trapped Rafiq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16760247", "title": "Mormugao port trust, Panaji port workers to come under one banner", "text": "VASCO: Employees of the Mormugao port trust (MPT) and Panaji port, and also those working in various establishments connected with the shipping trade, have decided to come together under one banner to highlight the hardships faced by them due to the stoppage of coal handling at the port.A J Peters, president of Mormugao port and railway workers union (MPRW), said, \"The salaries of employees are already coming down and two thirds of Vascoites depend on the port. If there is no solution at the earliest, then the people might be forced to take extreme steps like committing suicide, having no alternative to earn a living.\"Andrew Alvares, convener of the port affected workers, said, \"The shipping season in the ports used to commence by mid-September every year. But, this year it has been different. It is also the first time in the history of Mormugao port that it has remained practically idle from mid June till date, without handling any mining related cargo.\"The unions will also hand over a memorandum to the minister for shipping, who will be coming down to Goa on October 16. Karim Mulla, treasurer of MPRW, said, \"A workers peaceful rally with their families will be taken out on October 12 at 9am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16760210", "title": "Attack on women by biker sparks scare in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Incidents of assault on females by a mysterious biker, have spread scare among women. The biker has reportedly assaulted women with some sharp object. Though a woman has approached police, they have not taken any action, sources said.Anju, 38, a resident of Prem Nagar, was attacked on October 2. Anju was attacked with a fork-like object and medicos have advised her to undergo test for HIV.Anju said she was just 50 metres from her residence when a pillion rider attacked her with a fork and sped away. \"I faintedand on regaining conscious I found deep bruises on my arm\", she said, adding that she, along with her husband, went to the Civil Lines police station next day, but the cops directed her to get admitted in a hospital first and then they would take action on the basis of the medico legal report (MLR).Her husband, Mahesh Kumar, said the attack has created a scare and they had to undergo many tests including that of HIV as there was a rumor that a psychopath had been active in the city.According to reports, two other similar incidents had occurred when two girls were attacked and injured in two separate cases.Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma told TOI that police had taken action on the complaint of the woman and started an inquiry into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761353", "title": "Vedanta Aluminium Ltd to stop operations at Lanjigarh power plant", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Vedanta Aluminium Ltd. (VAL), which will soon close down its refinery at Lanjigarh in Kalahandi district, has also decided to discontinue operation of its 75 mw captive power plant there.The VAL on Wednesday informed this to the local executive engineer of the power distribution company, WESCO, the reason being to buy electricity from the public grid for keeping some of the highly sensitive machineries of the refinery and the captive unit alive. \"Since the refinery is going to close down, there is no need for keeping the power plant running. All that we need 8 to 10 mw of uninterrupted power for idle running of the systems of the whole project. Hence, we have approached the WESCO,\" said a Vedanta functionary.The letter said the refinery had been \"facing great difficulties for the last two months in maintaining supply of our main raw material, Bauxite. Hence, we are forced to close the plant to avoid further damage to various systems of the plant'. The VAL had earlier intimated the state government about its plan to close down the refinery from 5th December. \"The plant presently has bauxite to last only for two to three days. I doubt whether the refinery can run till the first week of December. We may close the factory much before 5th December,\" the VAL official said. Anil Agarwal's VAL has thus far invested more than Rs 50,000 crore for setting up the integrated alumina and aluminium complex, which includes the one mtpa refinery at Lanjigarh due for expansion to 6 mtpa capacity 70 percent work on which has already been completed, 1.75 mtpa capacity aluminium smelter, 1215 mw captive power plant and 2400 mw independent power plant, all at Jharsuguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762005", "title": "'Know your soil' in 20 blocks of district", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to apprise farmers about the nature of soil the district authorities have come up with the 'Know Your Soil' campaign again.Similar project had earlier proved to be a major tool for officials of agriculture department to know the quality of soil in all 20 blocks of the district.Once the samples being collected and tested in laboratories the officials have been further suggesting farmers to use particular fertilizers that are replete with zinc and carbon.The district authorities have planned to collect around 38,395 samples of soil between October 20 and November 3 and these samples would be later tested at soil testing laboratories in Sadar, Phulpur, Soraon, Bara, Karchana, Handia and Meja.District magistrate Raj Shekhar said \"The exercise is being undertaken to maintain the fertility of the soil and check the unbalanced use of chemical fertilizers.\" He added that the farmers would be encouraged to use composed and green fertilizers in agriculture.The DM further maintained \"A total of 10,970 samples would be collected on October 20 and similar number of samples would be collected on November 3.\"He added that he has instructed the officials to collect the samples at their respective nyay panchayat and the samples would be further collect government agriculture seed storage.Reports said that the campaign of collecting samples was launched on October 8 and a total of 16,455 samples were collected on the same date.The benefit of soil nature testing was to apprise farmers about the minerals/elements that can be added to maintain the quality of soil.He added that agro-experts have been suggesting farmers about the right usage of compost or bio-fertilisers to increase agriculture productivity.Experts said that balanced fertilisation does not mean a certain definite proportion of nitrogen, phosphorus and potash or other nutrients to be added in the form of fertiliser but it should also take into account the availability of nutrients already present in the soil, crop requirement and other factors.An agro-expert pointed out that soil testing is one of the most important tools to practice balanced fertilisation, which differs from region to region and also from crop to crop.Through soil testing, farmers or vegetable growers can know how much and what kind of fertiliser to use for each crop.A further refinement in fertiliser dose is possible on the basis of type of crop and its variety, water availability and its quality, availability of organic manures, crop residues, and bio-fertilisers.By testing of soil, farmers can add the required factors to increase the soil productivity. Efforts are also underway to promote the use of bio-fertilisers or compost fertilisers having potential to increase the productivity of soil.Stress is also being laid to make people aware about soil testing facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16760181", "title": "Pernem municipal chief faces second no-confidence motion in 4 months", "text": "Mapusa: The Pernem Municipal Council (PMC) chairperson, Vasudev Deshprabhu, is facing his second NO-confidence motion in four months. In a notice to the directorate of municipal administration, six out of the ten councillors on Tuesday sought the ouster of Deshprabhu accusing him of non-cooperation and no development in 23 months. Those in support of the motion are vice-chairperson Smita Kauthankar and councillors Upendra Deshprabhu, Madhav Shenvi Dessai, Nutan Aroskar, Vishram Gadekar and Vishnu Salgaonkar.During the last assembly polls, Deshprabhu had joined the BJP along with Upendra Deshprabhu, Desai and Aroskar. Ironically, these three are among the six councillors to serve the notice against him.Deshprabhu faced his first no-confidence motion---moved by five councilors---in May, but managed to hold on to his post as none of the councillors turned up at the meeting. Sources said that it was the intervention of chief minister Manohar Parrikar that gave Deshprabhu a fresh lease of life.This time too, an unperturbed Deshprabhu has chosen to adopt a wait-and-watch policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760685", "title": "'Children who rub eyes often get this defect'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Among adolescents there are more incidences of keratoconus which cannot be corrected even by wearing spectacles.\"Children who often keep rubbing their eyes with or without irritation get this eye defect. Keratoconus cannot be corrected in them even after wearing spectacles,\" said Dr Amit Gupta, an eye specialist at PGI.Dispelling the myth of splashing water in the eyes being a hygienic practice, Dr S K Arya, from the department of eye at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32 said, \"Tears have antibiotic properties and they kill the bacterial substances which enter the eyes. We don't recommend water splashes in the eyes. They let the bacteria in and result in various eye infections.\"Also the notion that eating green vegetables can work wonders, is not correct. As Dr Sunandan Sood, head of the eye department at GMCH said, \"Vitamins and green vegetables are good for overall health, including eyes. But the thinking that spectacles can be removed through change in diet is incorrect.\"Dr Arya said, \"If both parents have a refractive error of over -6, there is more possibility of their children having poor vision too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760918", "title": "Politicos want alternative plan to make up for loss of octroi income", "text": "PUNE: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan's recent announcement to abolish octroi and replace it with a local body tax (LBT) has been taken with a pinch of salt by local politicians who suggested that the state should go ahead with the decision only after assuring financial stability to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The CM had told a gathering at the CII national policy meeting on Tuesday that by the end of the fiscal year Maharashtra will try to do away with octroi in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal areas along with Mumbai and other cities.Maharashtra is the only state to levy octroi. It recently introduced accounts-based LBT in place of octroi in Amravati, Akola, Ahmednagar, Ulhasnagar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Chandrapur, Parbhani, Latur and Nashik municipal areas.\"LBT is workable in small municipal corporations. Cities like Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and Mumbai are heavily dependent on octroi revenue. The state governmentneeds to ensure that the city's development is not affected. The LBT should match the octroi revenue. Only then will it be feasible,\" said Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed. He also said that Congress is not opposed to abolishing octroi, provided the state tables a comprehensive plan for alternative source of revenue.In the Rs 3,290.66 crore civic budget for 2012-13, revenue from octroi has been shown at Rs 1,457.50 crore, which is 41% of the total revenue. \"If the state government goes ahead with its decision to abolish octroi, the PMC will lose a major source of revenue. The NCP wants assurance from the state that the local governing bodies will not suffer because of this decision. Funds for major development works carried out by the municipal corporation come from octroi and hence any decision in this regardshould be taken cautiously,\" said NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade.In the last 20 years, the state government has appointed three committees to find a solution to this vexed issue, but to no avail. With an average 53% of the income of municipal corporations coming from octroi, the state was loath to abolish it without the confidence to find a suitable alternative.\"Even today, the state has no strong alternative and chief minister Chavan is bluffing. When the state introduced the Value Added Tax , it was said that octroi will be abolished, but nothing happened. Today, Maharashtra is the only state where both VAT and octroi are applicable. The BJP has always supported abolition of octroi, but we don't believe that the state government is committed to do it,\" said BJP city president Vikas Mathkari.Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said, \"The state government is busy making announcements.We don't think the government is serious about replacing octroi with LBT. The government should first discuss the issue with opposition parties and then table a comprehensive proposal. The local governing bodies should get enough tax from LBT to compensate for octroi income, only then it will prove a feasible option.\"BOX 1Traders, workers' unions dividedTraders have repeatedly demanded that the government do away with octroi in municipal corporations because it hits their businesses. Traders claim that the octroi system amounts to loss of fuel and time due to prolonged detention of vehicles at check posts. However, there is opposition to LBT as well.Ajit Sethiya, the chairman of Poona Merchants Chamber, said, \"There is no point in charging LBT because we are paying VAT on goods. Also Goods and Services Tax is scheduled to be introduced in near future. This will result in abolition of most of the existing taxes.\"The Poona Merchants Chamber says that collection from VAT has increased by Rs 30,000 crore since its introduction seven years ago. Of the total collection, the state is expected to get Rs 13,000 crore as its share from the Union government. \"If the state government is earning sufficiently, why is there a need for LBT?\" asked Sethitya. Traders want the state to pay municipal corporations in lieu of octroi abolition.However, union leaders of employees working in local self-governing bodies have opposed the plan to abolish octroi. They argue that octroi is one of the major sources of income for the local self-governing bodies, which would be paralyzed if octroi is abolished. \"If this is done, such administrative bodies would become dependent on the state government for funds, and this would defeat the very purpose of decentralisation,\" said a workers' leader.In a recent day-long convention organised by the Pune Mahanagarpalika Employees' Union at Balgandharva Rangmandir, union leader from Mumbai Sharad Rao had said: \"The government itself has come up with plans for decentralisation. If octroi is abolished, it would lead to complete dependency on the state government. If it happens, the local bodies would not be able to function independently.\" Octroi should be continued, as it is a major source of incomeWorkers union leader in PMC Mukta Manohar said, \"Basic civic works like water supply and sanitation will be affected. We will strongly oppose abolition of octroi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760302", "title": "Barkatullah University seeks eligibility details 3 mnths after admission", "text": "BHOPAL: In a surprising move, three months after allowing students admission in B PEd and M PEd - bachelor and master of physical education- and courses, Barkatullah University has now sought eligibility details from colleges. Revising the deadline of September 15, university authorities have extended the last date to provide eligibility details to October 15.The university had closed the admission and eligibility process for its UTD department running B PEd and M PEd courses on July 30, but allowed colleges to continue admission.When contacted, deputy registrar B Bharti, who is also the chief of the university's academic section, said that asking for eligibility is in the favour of students. \"Earlier, it was noticed that students submit their eligibility as late as a day before the exam,\" Bharti said.The TOI possess the copies of both circulars issued by the universities authorities. The first letter was issued on September 6, 2012 signed by deputy registrar, R K Chauhan. In the letter number 1824, he mentioned students' eligibility will not be issued after any semester exam. He stated that who gave papers about their eligibility by September 15 would be only treated as valid.The BU again issued a notice - number 175 -on October 1 earlier this month duly signed by deputy registrar, B Bharti stating that the last date for receiving documents showing eligibility for students studying in B PEd and M PEd courses has been extended to October 15. In case of any failure, principals of the respective colleges would be held responsible, the notice said.This year, the higher education department has made online admission mandatory for all under-graduate courses and post-graduate courses. However, Bharti claimed that the B PEd and M PEd courses have not been included in the online admission process.On the condition of anonymity, a senior B PEd and M PEd faculty of the university said, \"It is injustice to the UTD running B PEd and M PEd as the admissions were stopped three months ago. It is strange that the university affiliated colleges running B PEd and M PEd courses are given the opportunity to submit eligibility application of students until October 15,\" he said.Even the rule says that university should first check the eligibility of students before allowing admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16760005", "title": "Ras-omelet kiosks issued conditional NOCs by Ponda Municipal Council", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) issued conditional no-objection certificates (NOCs) to roadside ras-omelet kiosks. These had been banned from conducting business recently after the food and drugs administration (FDA) cracked the whip against them for running sans licenses.The aggrieved kiosk operators had alleged that the decision to stop their business had deprived them of their only source of livelihood and had demanded government jobs in exchange.The PMC, on humanitarian grounds, decided to grant them these NOCs but has asked health authorities to issue permission to the vendors to avail of FDA licenses only after ascertaining the hygienic condition of the kiosks. PMC's chief officer Pradeep Naik revealed that the civic body collects sopo fees from the vendors and hence issued them the NOCs.\"As they are roving carts, the PMC cannot issue them licenses without a policy in place. For the time being, the civic body can only issue them NOCs,\" Naik told TOI.Now it's the duty of the health authorities to ascertain their hygienic condition before issuing them permissions as they deal with edible products and FDA issues those licenses based on the permission of the health authorities, he added.The Ponda health officer, Nutan Dev, admitted that she has been issuing permissions taking the sanitation point of view of the kiosks into consideration, since last week. So far, about 15 ras-omelet vendors have been issued permissions, she said.Rukmi Dangui, the PMC chairperson, said that the council members will meet at the end of this month and the decision on a drafting policy to issue licenses would be decided at the meeting. \"The policy regarding the issue of licenses to ras-omelet kiosk operators would be finalized by November-end and the kiosk operators would then start getting the necessary licenses,\" the PMC chairperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16760018", "title": "Fifth arrest in minor rape case", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday arrested Shainaz Shaikh in connection with the case of the rape of a minor girl at three different places, thus taking the number of accused arrested so far to five.Shainaz, police said, was Shaukat's companion and was present in the apartment in Panaji where the minor was allegedly confined to and sexually assaulted between September 26 and October 6.Meanwhile, Auda Viegas of NGO Bailancho Ekvott, who assisted the police in the investigations, has, in a letter to the south Goa collector, has demanded that the ice-cream parlour in Margao where the girl was allegedly sexually assaulted, be closed down.Pointing out that the juice centre was \"dark, dingy and with no ventilation\", Viegas, in the letter, said, \"the place is being operated for sexual activity/prostitution under the garb of a juice centre and therefore has to be closed down.\"She also further urged the district magistrate to direct the police, health and municipal authorities, to check all juice centres and ice cream parlours \"for this sort of shady activities and close down the same immediately in the interests of gullible, vulnerable children.\"\"Your immediate action will help not only in crimes against innocent children but will prevent their bunking school and college and indulging in/getting sexually abused,\" Viegas added in the letter. Meanwhile, the South Goa police have written to the Margao Municipal Council to withdraw the trade license given to the juice centre in question, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16759263", "title": "Garlosa invites non-Dimasas to join development process", "text": "Silchar: Dima Halam Daoga (J) chief Jewel Garlosa has appealed to Indigenous People's Forum (IPF) and other organizations opposing the memorandum of understanding signed in New Delhi between DHD (N), DHD (J) and the Centre, to come and join the process of development in Dima Hasao district under a fresh atmosphere.In reply to warm welcome given to him and his comrades by locals after reaching Haflong from Delhi on Tuesday night, Garlosa said the accord is the fruit of DHD (J)'s sacrifice in the form of long struggle since 1994. \"Now, we like to share the fruit of our struggle which is something more than gold and diamond, with all sections of people irrespective of cast, creed, religion, language and ethnic groups living in Dima Hasao. If the IPF and its supporting groups fail to respond to my appeal, I will go to their door\", said Garlosa.IPF, a group representing Naga, Kuki and Hmar people, has been seeking bifurcation of Dima Hasao.On Tuesday till midnight, there was jubilation in Haflong, the headquarters of Dima Hasao district, after DHD (J) members including Garlosa reached there by road from Guwahati. Hundreds of people joined to welcome the former rebels braving rain and chilly weather condition prevailing in the hill station.Garlosa said there demand was for an autonomous state. However, government stopped short of fulfilling it under certain circumstances. However, the Dima Hasao Territorial Council is also an important institution and nothing less than an autonomous state in terms of article 144 (A) of sixth schedule of the Constitution, he added. \"According to the MoS, the proposed territorial council will have three districts. It will be provided with strong economic and administrative powers. The territorial council will be able to do a lot for the people of Dima Hasao subjected to participation of all sections of people in the process\", said Garlosa.He announced that DHD (J), the outfit he heads, will soon be disbanded and the members will be part of the civil society. DHD (J) militants surrendered on October 2, 2009.It may be mentioned that DHD (N) led by Dilip Nunisa, who surrendered a decade ago, were seeking a separate state for the Dimasas. Nunisa has also signed the MoS in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "16761090", "title": "Govt comes to aid of Masti's grandson", "text": "KOLAR: The state government has offered medical assistance to renowned litterateur and Jnanapith awardee Masti Venkatesha Iyengar's grandson, who was recently spotted in Kolar in a pitiable condition.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje directed officials to trace 53-year-old Chakrapani and rehabilitate him. A team headed by Kolar urban development authority chairman V Sriram and commissioner K S Nagaraja Gowda launched a frantic search for him and he was spotted near Chikkakadathur gate in Malur taluk on Wednesday afternoon. He was wandering along with his pet dog Raju.He was later shifted to Victoria Hospital in Bangalore along with his pet dog after he insisted that the canine should accompany him.Karandlaje spoke to Chakrapani before he was admitted to the hospital for treatment. \"If the need arises we will shift him to Nimhans. \"Government will do everything and if his condition improves we will provide him a suitable job,\" the minister added.Mavinakere Ranganath, president of Masti Trust, said: \"Chakrapani is indeed the second grandson of the great Masti. But we don't know how he landed in such a situation. It was a kind gesture on the part of the minister to extend help to Chakrapani.\" I guess she is influenced by Masti's humanitarian values.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760309", "title": "MP kick-starts process to light up 250 mw Satpura Thermal unit", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh power generating company limited (MPPGCL) on Wednesday kick-started the process to light up a 250 mega watt (mw) unit at Satpura thermal power station (STPS), Sarni, in the adjoining Betul district.This development assumes significance given that this is the first thermal unit which has been conceived and commissioned by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in MP. Four years ago, a 500 mw and 210 mw units at Sanjay Gandhi thermal power station (SGTPS) and Amarkantak thermal power station (ATPS) went on steam, but these two generation circuits were planned and its foundation was laid during Congress rule in MP. BJP came to power in Madhya Pradesh (MP) in 2003 promising round-the-clock power to people.MPPGCL has placed order for building the unit jointly with Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited ( BHEL ) on March 10, 2008, officials said.After the commission of the unit, MPPGCL's STPS power generation capacity would go up to 1,392.5 mw. One more 250 mw unit is going to come up at STPS shortly, officials said.Presently, MP's thermal and hydel power generation capacity was around 2932.5 mw and 950 mw.\"We are in the last leg of commissioning the unit. We have started the process to light it up. I am hopeful that it would be on the steam in next 3 to four hours, \"MPPGCL managing director Virendra Nanavati told TOI from Sarni around 8.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761507", "title": "Nitish pledges gift to contract teachers", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday assured gift to the contract teachers soon and asked them to extend support to the demand for special category status to Bihar . The assurance came at a meeting with a delegation of teachers at Aurangabad and in the backdrop of recent protests by the teachers during the CM's 'Adhikar Yatra' across the state.The CM appealed to the contract teachers to contribute to the state's development and not be misguided by some people who were inciting them to protest against the government. \"You are the residents of the state. Nothing will happen by staging protests,\" the CM told them.Later, addressing a rally at Anugrah Narayan Inter College, the CM ridiculed RJD president Lalu Prasad saying, \"Lalu ne kasam khayi hai ki jhooth bolenge, kabhi sach nahi kahenge (Lalu has vowed not to speak truth).\"Lalu had earlier remarked that it was Nitish Kumar who, during NDA rule at the Centre, derailed the special category state status demand raised by the then chief minister Rabri Devi . Nitish retorted, \"Why should I do this? When Lalu was so much powerful in the Congress-led UPA-1 government at the Centre, why did he not raise the special category status demand. Had he wished, he could have brought special category status to Bihar.\"The CM did not spare PM Manmohan Singh . \"Bihar ki 10 crore janata ki baat sunne ke liye pradhan mantra ke paas samay nahi hai (PM has no time to listen to the voice of 10 crore people of Bihar),\" he said.On Lalu's 'parivartan yatra', Nitish said, \"Lalu kaun sa parivartan lana chahte hain. Janata pehle hi unhe parivartit kar chuki hai (what kind of change Lalu does want to bring. The people of the state have already brought change by throwing him out of power). I appeal all the people assembled here to at least send one member of their family to the November 4 rally at Patna to strengthen the demand for special category status to Bihar.\"Though the CM's rally in Aurangabad remained protest-free, as soon as he left the rally ground, protesters burned banners and hoardings erected for the rally. The protesters included contract teachers and students who were shouting slogans and burned the posters at Ramesh Chowk. They were chased away by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16760308", "title": "Tribal hostel superintendent suspended for laxity", "text": "JABALPUR: Holding him responsible for dereliction of duty and absence from headquarters, the government suspended superintendent of Chargava tribal boys' hostel on Tuesday. The inquiry against hostel superintendent Manoj Mongre on last Tuesday showed enough evidence about how Mongre failed to make alternative arrangement and stock firewood. This explains, the inquiry pointed out, the reason for 20 inmates of the hostel going without meals after the hostel kitchen last Friday ran out of cooking gas supply.The plight of the inmates came to light after five students ran away from the hostel and approached the town inspector for help. They complained that they had no meal for more than 48 hours and they had no idea who they should turn to as Mongre visited the hostel only once a week. The officers at the local level initially tried to push the incident under the carpet. The preliminary investigation report trashed the children's claims holding charges as baseless. The issue snowballed into a controversy after the inmates left the hostel, the suspension order was served on the official on Tuesday night.The incident has triggered anger and resentment among public and activists. There are 65 tribal hostels in Jabalpur division alone, says Rajesh Nayik, convener of an NGO, working for weaker sections. \"None of them is complying with the set norms related to building, accommodation other infrastructural and attendant facilities.\" The hostel inmates, Naik said, usually fight shy of protesting and a few, who raise their voice, are punished so severely that they clam up out of sheer fear. He demanded a through monitoring of all hostels across the state, particularly in the interiors, to bring the plight of tribal children to the notice of people and authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761701", "title": "In times of doubt, grab another degree", "text": "KOLKATA: Economic depression, it has been seen, drives youngsters back to campus. The lack of job opportunities has spurred tech graduates in Kolkata to arm themselves with an additional degree rather than try their luck in vain in the job market.More than 80% engineering graduates have opted for higher education and research \u2014 the sharp jump coinciding with the downturn. Leading institutes like Jadavpur University and Besu have seen hundreds joining postgraduate and PhD programs. If 20% engineering students went for higher studies in 2000, nowadays 80% are opting for an MTech, says JU pro vice-chancellor Siddhartha Datta.\"It has been peaking since 2009, just after the recession struck. The major reason is that there are fewer jobs on offer now. MTech offers a second employment opportunity and better options than what an engineering graduate is likely to get now. It also opens up doors to research opportunities. The fact that we now have more engineering colleges and hence more graduates has contributed to the trend,\" said Datta.Besu vice-chancellor Ajay Ray agreed. Scores from the premier institute are now queuing up at the IITs and IISC, Bangalore, for master's courses, Ray said. \"Previously, very few engineering students would opt for anything other than a job after graduation. Now, they are forced to consider higher study options for jobs are drying up,\" he said. Twenty-five per cent of Besu students join MTech and MBA courses after graduation, while the rest seek employment.Economist Ajitava Ray Chaudhuri pointed out that the downturn has made youngsters weigh their options, rather than search desperately for a job. \"Many are now looking at short-term options like projects. There has already been a paradigm shift in people's attitude towards a job. Few look for security in the workplace now. Youngsters are ready to wait, take chances and switch jobs to move ahead. This is more evident now since the slowdown exists. It will continue,\" said Ray Chaudhuri.But higher education and research may be just a temporary option that students are now being forced to consider, he added. \"Teaching is no longer a favourite long-term career option for youngsters and the reasons are obvious. So, once the economy recovers, the trend might disappear,\" Ray Chaudhuri said.It is still too early to call this a trend, said Tapas Layak, placement coordinator of the National Institute of Technology, Durgapur. \"Our students are not yet flocking to postgraduate courses. Placements have been good till this year. We are keeping our fingers crossed,\" said Layak.Research grants have got lucrative over the years, prompting youngsters to look at research as a stopgap arrangement, said economist Dipankar Dasgupta. \"Many institutions offer stipends which are enough to even support a family. But I don't think this trend will survive the downturn,\" said Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760850", "title": "Six accident-prone sites identified along NH4", "text": "PUNE: The ministry of road transport and highways has identified 18 accident-prone spots along national highways in the state. Out of the 18 spots, three each fall in Pune and Satara districts. The ministry has listed the reasons for the accidents and the measures it plans to take to curb them.All the three spots in Pune are on the Pune-Mumbai highway (NH 4). The accident spot at Waksai, near Khandala, is too narrow. At Vadgaon Phata, the road is narrow and takes a sharp turn, while accidents take place at Kamshet because of a sharp curve and a chowk.In Satara, too, all the spots are along NH 4. At Malkapur, the road becomes too narrow; at Kashil, there is a steep slope; and at Masur Phata, the road is dangerous because of a sharp turn and a chowk.Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar, who was one of the members of the working group on road safety education, which submitted its report to the Union ministry, said short-term and long-term remedial measures were being implemented at these places to prevent accidents.Parmar said depending on the geographical conditions, corrective measures like widening of the road, construction of flyovers or bridges have been suggested. While these come under long-term measures, in the short term, the public works department will be carrying out other small works.Superintendent of highways, Pune, Dilip Bhujbal said prevention measures were being implemented. The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation, too, has identified accident-prone spots. There are more such places where work needs to be carried out, he added.According to a ministry's release, a total of 325 most-dangerous accident spots have been identified in 13 sates. \"These spots account for nearly 90% of the road accidents for which several short-term and long-term measures have been proposed''.Of the 325 accident spots, 233 are on highways which are looked after by the National Highways Authority of India. Work of rectifying 74 spots has been given to the state public works department. The state government will have to take responsibility of rectifying 18 spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760493", "title": "University student assaulted in hostel", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another incident of violence in Lucknow University, more than a dozen students brutally assaulted an inmate of Subhash hostel on Tuesday night. Taking cognizance of the incident, university on Wednesday suspended two students involved in the attack.University officials said two days back, two groups of students had clashed at Subash hostel. One group had attacked a BA I student Rudra Pratap Pandey following which four students were issued showcause notices. A day after the incident, more than a dozen first year students reached Subhash hostel on Tuesday night and attacked Rishabh Tiwari, another first year student. Rishab sustained injuries on his head. He was admitted to the trauma centre where his condition was described as critical.Meanwhile, university proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal suspended Akhilesh Pratap Singh and Rudra Pratap Pandey, and directed Vivek Pratap Singh, Vikash Singh, Nitin Tripathi, Avinash Rai, Kanhaiyya, Aakash and Rishab (the victim) to vacate the hostel.Show cause notices have also been issued to student leaders TD Singh and Deep Singh who were also reportedly involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760883", "title": "IBM, PEC students to tackle e-waste", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's e-waste problem, which comprises nearly 10,000 tonnes of hazardous waste, will soon be a thing of the past. Experts from nine countries who represent IBM, in collaboration with PEC University of Technology, will find a solution for it. During a press conference organized by IBM on Tuesday, it was said that PEC university would conduct a \"gap analysis\" of Chandigarh's e-waste disposal during the present times and in future.Of 10,000 tonnes of waste, 6,000 tonnes are being recycled and 4,000 tonnes are dumped at a site in Derabassi, state the latest statistics. The top performers in IBM who are a part of the nine-member team will also work on three other projects, besides e-waste's.IBM Corporate service Corps (CSC) team will be a partner in all these projects to provide assistance.These include CEVA (Centre for Education and Voluntary Action) marketing and communication strategy, which aims at bringing a change in the teaching-learning methods of the parent community. \"To build the gap by working with the parent community and create awareness about parent education programme are what we aim at,\" said an IBM executive. The other crucial project will be the \"IT security\" best practices framework. PEC and IBM officials stated that \"there was an immediate need to frame \"e-security policy\" for all government departments and crucial functioning units.PEC is also developing an IT security framework for IT infrastructure of Chandigarh that aims at attaining safe, secure and effective critical information process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760052", "title": "Maharashtra boy nabbed with 500g charas", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-narcotics cell (ANC) has arrested Anish Darvajkar, 18, a resident of housing board, Mapusa, for the illegal possession of 500 g of charas worth around 75,000 in the international market.Speaking to reporters, superintendent of police O P Mishra, who heads the ANC, said that PSI Shitakant Nayak received \"reliable information\" about a male person who was expected to deliver drugs to prospective customers at the Assagao bus stop, near the telephone exchange. \"Accordingly, the raiding party was organized and team members positioned themselves near the Assagao bus stop. The accused was arrested.\"According to police, the accused is a native of Sindhudurg in Maharashtra, and during the search of his person, the cops seized 500 g of charas and one Nokia mobile phone.The police then registered a case under the NDPS Act. Mishra said that the accused is a school dropout. His father is a driver on a Mumbai-to-Goa bus. The accused wanted to earn money by selling drugs, police added.Darvajkar will be produced before the JMFC, Mapusa, and cops are seeking his remand to custody for further investigation. The team was lead by ANC PI Suraj Halarnkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16761960", "title": "Truant monsoon sounds the death knell for rare rice varieties", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 300 acres of paddy fields at Nayikkatti in Noolpuzha panchayat, and large tracts of it in many other tribal pockets in Wayanad district have dried up.Forsaken by the rain gods, the tribal farmers in the district are now mounting a desperate attempt to salvage their wilting crop. What is at stake is not only their livelihood, but also the preservation of over a dozen rare and invaluable indigenous varieties of rice. If the attempt by these farmers doesn't succeed, the state could lose many rice varieties for ever.The paddy cluster at Noolpuzha used to have one of the largest spread of indigenous rice landraces in the state; but this year only half the fields here have standing crops.Farmers, mostly from the Kuruma and Paniyan tribes, have for centuries been cultivating rare varieties like the aromatic Jeerakashala and Gandhakashala, and the medicinally endowed Navara and Chennellu, Adukkan, Thondi and Chomala in Wayanad. They have been doing this mainly to meet their social and religious commitments as these unique strains of rice varieties are deeply ingrained in the tribal traditions.But the shockingly severe rainfall deficit in Wayanad, which is facing one of the severest droughts in decades this year with a monsoon shortfall of 49%, has thrown the entire farming calendar out of gear. These farmers now face the prospect of a mass crop failure.The biodiversity-rich district, which had a treasure trove of 105 indigenous rice varieties, now has just 25 varieties, as per a survey conducted by the community agro-biodiversity centre of the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation.\"Even those surviving varieties are now at risk owing to the monsoon failure. Around a dozen varieties are cultivated by just a handful of farmers, and a crop failure can wipe away some varieties once and for all,\" said Dr K P Smitha, senior scientist at the centre in Wayanad.\"These tribal farmers have been the sole saviours of the seeds of many indigenous and rare varieties of rice. They have been cultivating and saving them religiously despite suffering losses as these varieties have only half the yield when compared to hybrid ones,\" said Smitha.K Kunhiraman, a tribal farmer in Noolpuzha, said he couldn't sow the Thondi variety owing to lack of rains. \"I don't know if the seeds will sprout the next season or not. Many rare rice varieties of Wayanad are at risk in case there is a drought,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16759470", "title": "Ballance, Rashid take Yorkshire into main draw of CLT20", "text": "CENTURION: Yorkshire rode on Gary Ballance and Adil Rashid's batting heroics to qualify for the main draw of the Champions League Twenty20 with a comfortable six-wicket win over Trinidad and Tobago on Wednesday.Chasing Trinidad's 148 for nine, Ballance (64 off 37) and Rashid (33 off 27) lifted Yorkshire from a difficult position with an unbeaten 103-run partnership fifth wicket partnership.Ballance struck as many as six sixes and two fours while Rashid decorated his innings with three hits to the fence and one over it.Ravi Rampaul and Samuel Badree returned with identical figures of one for 22 for the Caribbean outfit.With two wins from as many games, Yorkshire stormed into the main draw of the tournament from Pool 2. Trinidad, unfortunately, have crashed out of the event after just one outing, which means their final match against Uva becomes inconsequential.Earlier, Denesh Ramdin led from the front with a scintillating half-century while Darren Bravo scored a vital 45 to help Trinidad and Tobago post a competitive 148 for nine.Ramdin scored 59 off 40 deliveries, while Bravo's 45 came off 49 balls as they combined beautifully to rescue Trinidad from a precarious position with a 93-run fourth wicket partnership.Chasing 149 for win, Yorkshire did not have the best of the starts as they slumped to 51 four by the ninth over.Openers Phil Jacques (6) and skipper Andrew Gale (2) failed to provide any significant contribution for the English outfit and perished in consecutive overs.Joe Root (16) and Adam Lyth (18) both got starts but failed to capitalise on them and became victims of Yannick Ottley and Rayad Emrit, leaving Yorkshire's chase in disarray at 51 for four.But if the Caribbean players thought they had a grip over the match, they were in for a rude shock as Gary Ballance and Adil Rashid had other plans.Ballance and Rashid joined hands and stitched -- for -- to keep Yorkshire in the hunt.While Rashid played the role of an aggressor initially, Ballance opened his arms after setting his eye in.Ballance used his long handle to great effect towards the end clobbered Lendl Simmons for two sixes in the 16th over.Emrit too had to face the brunt of Ballance's ire as the left-hander hit him for a six and a four to bring down the equation to 17 off 18 balls for Yorkshire.From there on victory was just a formality for Yorkshire and Ballance completed the proceedings in style, smashing Kevon Cooper for two huge sixes to finish off the run chase with seven balls to spare.Earlier, Trinidad skipper Ramdin's decision to bat after winning the toss backfired as the Caribbean outfit lost its first three wickets -- William Perkins, Lendl Simmons and Adrian Barath-- for just eight on the board.But Bravo and Ramdin rose to the occasion and saved Trinidad from the humiliation with the crucial fourth wicket stand that came off just 73 balls.The highlight of Trinidad's innings was the partnership between Bravo and Ramdin. Sensing the urgency of the situation, both the batsmen started cautiously but opened up as the innings progressed.While Ramdin was at his attacking best, Bravo played the second fiddle in the partnership.Just when it was time for the Caribbean duo to accelerate, Yorkshire made a comeback with two quick wickets.Bravo was the first to depart, holed out in the deep by Gary Ballance off Rashid and then a ball later Jason Mohammed fell victim to an unnecessary mix-up with Ramdin.The dismissals, however, had little effect on Ramdin as he brought up his first Twenty20 half century with a four.But Ramdin's terrific innings finally came to an end in the most unfortunate manner. Turning for the second run, he lost his footing and was run out after Cooper sent him back.For Yorkshire, Ryan Sidebottom starred with the ball WITH figures of three for 13 from his four overs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16760257", "title": "Wild boars destroy Bicholim paddy crop", "text": "BICHOLIM: About 100 farmers from Bordem, in Bicholim taluka, have complained that for the last several days wild boars have been destroying their paddy crops causing a loss so far to the tune of 10 lakh.Farmers from Bordem have stated that wild boars are continuously visiting their fields during the night time and destroying the paddy crop which is ready for harvesting.Farmers including, Bhimakar Pal, Mahesh Morajkar, Srikant Pal, Ramesh Narvekar and others narrated about the destruction of paddy farms caused by the wild boars.The wild boars have destroyed their paddy crops from Bordem area to Bicholim ITI which is a stretch of around 2 and half kilometers with the approximate loss estimated to be to the tune of 10 lakh.Farmers have requested the state government authorities to provide urgent financial relief to them considering the losses suffered by them.Similarly, forest department and animal rescue squad authorities have also been requested to help the farmers to deal with the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16759311", "title": "Sports science centre to be set up in Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: A sports science centre will be set up in the city next year, Union minister of state (independent charge) for youth affairs and sports Ajay Maken said here on Wednesday.Maken paid a visit to the North Eastern Hill University (Nehu) campus here to take stock of the progress of the ongoing construction work of the Special Area Games Centre on the premises.\"A sports science centre is very important as it will help in producing world class players. Without it, we would not be able to train our players,\" the Union minister said while addressing a gathering at the SAI Centre.He said that the SAI authorities have been asked to prepare a plan for the construction of the centre. \"Money required for the centre will be sanctioned,\" Maken assured.Meanwhile, the Union minister directed the CPWD officials to complete the work of the Special Area Games Centre spread over a 30-acre plot by March-April 2013.\"We have missed the September-October 2012 deadline and so a fresh deadline of March-April 2013 has been given. I am hopeful that the deadline will not be missed,\" he said.An amount of Rs 42.6 crore has been sanctioned for the Special Area Games Centre, out of which Rs 30 crore has already been given away. Maken said the balance amount will be doled out within a month's time.As part of the \"Come and Play Scheme\", he asked the SAI authorities to ensure that children and students are allowed to use the facilities at the centre.\"I expect at least 5,000 students and children will make use of the facilities here to the optimum whenever the athletes are not using them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16764116", "title": "Obama nominates Dunford to head NATO forces in Afghanistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: Gen Joseph Dunford, the assistant commandant of the Marine Corps and a combat veteran who led a regiment in the 2003 invasion of Iraq, has been nominated by President Barack Obama as his new commander to International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan.Dunford would replace Gen John Allen, who has now been nominated as next Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR), Obama said.Praising Allen for his contribution in the war against terrorism in Afghanistan, Obama said he has personally relied on his counsel and is grateful for his devotion to US national security.\"For more than a year, General Allen has served with distinction as the commander of US forces and NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan, seeing us through a critical period in our military efforts and in Afghanistan's transition,\" a statement from Obama said.\"During his tenure in Afghanistan, General Allen established his credibility with our NATO allies and ISAF partners as a strong and effective military leader,\" Obama said.Under Allen the US has made important progress towards its core goal of defeating al-Qaida and ensuring they can never return to a sovereign Afghanistan, Obama said.If confirmed by the Senate, General Dunford will preside over the withdrawal of most of the 68,000 American troops in Afghanistan expected by the end of 2014.General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff, in a statement praised Gen Allen for his successes in Afghanistan.\"General John Allen took command in the summer of 2011 as we were arresting and reversing insurgent momentum in key areas throughout the country. He immediately strengthened areas of success, taking them to new levels, while identifying elements of the campaign that required revision,\" he said.Dempsey said like Allen, Gen Dunford is one of the most experienced and capable leaders in our military and nation.\"Intelligent and forthright, Gen. Dunford is one of our most highly-regarded senior officers. He is an infantry officer with more than 35 years of exceptional leadership at every level, including multiple commands and, in particular, command of 5th Marine Regiment during the initial invasion of Iraq,\" he said.Allen, he said, achieved remarkable progress in war against terrorism during his stint in the country but noted that much work remains to be done.Allen added his leadership and moral courage to a fight that is as much about will as it is about operations and tactics, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761559", "title": "Parking woes plague Puja shoppers", "text": "KOLKATA: The next time you go Puja shopping, leave your car at home or be ready to be fleeced by parking attendants.The extortionists claimed they had hiked the rate just 10 days back to earn some extra money before the festivities begin. The rate approved by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) in the designated parking areas under the civic body is Rs 10 per hour, but the attendants are charging as high as double or even four times the amount. This kind of extortion is all the more rampant in places around shopping destinations. And you dare not challenge them, as they will simply refuse to let you park.The minute you try parking your car in any of the designated parking areas under KMC, the first thing these attendants do is tell you their rate. If you are willing to pay that amount, only then you get a parking space.\"I was taken aback when a parking attendant on Lord Sinha Road told me that I would have to shell out Rs 20 per hour as parking fee last Saturday. When I argued, he said the parking rate was hiked recently through a circular. When I asked for the notice, another attendant told me to park the car at their rate or go elsewhere,\" said Subhasish Saha. The young entrepreneur from Salt Lake needed to park his car and hence had to comply with their diktats.On Jawaharal Nehru Road opposite Grand Hotel, a stone's throw from KMC headquarters, the current rate is Rs 40 per hour. Taking advantage of the puja-shopping crowd, parking attendants under an agency called Pioneer, are making a killing. An attendant here claimed that they were only requesting motorists to give a little more than the original rate as Puja bakshish (tips).\"These attendants keep flexing muscle all around the year. They have not hiked the rates just for the Puja. Even three months ago they were charging Rs 20 per hour, which is double the authorised rate. Now, they are charging anything between Rs 30 and Rs 40, depending on the rush,\" said Raju Bag.The central business district and the southern parts like Gariahat, Park Street, Little Russel Street are also no exception. Even two wheelers are being charged Rs 10 per hour, which is double the authorized rate.\"We started charging Rs 10 extra per hour about 10 days ago. But we will go back to the original rate once the festival is over. What can we do? We do not get any festival bonus and have to earn some extra bucks this way,\" said a parking attendant at Gariahat where KMC has engaged Southern Agency to collect the fees.\"We have issued no circular to hike parking rates. If anybody is doing so, it is illegal and we will take action against them,\" said Rajib Deb, MMiC in charge of parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16762360", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC take on Pune might", "text": "PUNE: Pune FC will draw inspiration from their opening-round win against ONGC when they take on Mumbai FC in Round Two of the I-League at the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex on Thursday evening. The hosts eked out a narrow 3-2 win against a newly-promoted team and will need to better against a stronger and experienced side.On the other hand their state neighbours have to put behind that shock 2-3 loss against Pailan Arrows and try and turn around things in this state derby. Mumbai FC coach Khalid Jamil has the resources to throw down the gauntlet to their rivals. Their frontline includes Nigerian ND Opara and Abhishek Yadav. The former opened his goal account in the first match and is known for his prolific scoring abilities. In the past too Mumbai FC have been a thorn in Pune FC's side and the hosts will have to work hard should they want three points.Bhowmick wary of ONGCOn the evidence of just one match against Dempo, many have suggested to Churchill Brothers coach Subash Bhowmickthis that his team should be fighting for the title. It's not always that you hold on to the ball for far longer than Dempo. \"I don't know about honours. All that we want to do is entertain, like Dempo have been doing all these years,\" said the veteran coach. Entertainment is all fine. What matters in the race for the coveted title is points and Churchill have a chance to wrap full points against ONGC at the Nehru Stadium in Margao on Thursday. \"I don't think, as many are assuming, that the three points are there for the taking. We will have to work hard for those points,\" said Bhowmick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759724", "title": "Clear Lodhi Garden of stray dogs: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: It isn't just bandicoots creating havoc at Lodhi Garden, but also stray dogs, the Delhi high court said on Wednesday. Taking suo moto cognizance of a TOI report highlighting the threat posed by the rodents, HC asked the authorities to take steps to clean up Lodhi Garden but added that as an immediate measure they must control the stray dogs.\"Catch hold of all those stray dogs. We have noticed several of them moving inside the garden. As a lot of children come there, steps are required to remove the stray dogs,\" a division bench comprising Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said and sought NDMC to file an action taken report by the next date of hearing.Justice Manmohan and Justice Endlaw took cognizance of the TOI report and referred the matter for hearing on Wednesday. The report pointed to the growing threat from the increasing number of bandicoots which gorge on food left behind by visitors at Lodhi Garden, and have dug up burrows.The court also sought a status report from the Delhi government and NDMC. \"It's a danger for morning walkers as the roofs of the tunnels burrowed may collapse under their feet,\" the TOI report had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16763439", "title": "SRK to be a trademark!", "text": "The actor has sent an application to the Trade Mark Registry that his often-used initials not be used without his permissionShah Rukh Khan is a brand by himself. And very soon his often-used initials - SRK may become a very valuable property. TOI found out that the actor has recently applied for a trademark on his name SRK at the Delhi office of the Trade Mark Registry. However, he has not received a final confirmation on it yet. According to the rules, once his trademark SRK is published in the Indian Trademark Journal, anybody who has an objection can file a notice within three months.Interestingly, Sachin Tendulkar had applied for the same, to trademark his name SRT, earlier this year. In fact, we had told you how when Vidhu Vinod Chopra needed to use the cricketer's name in his film Ferrarri Ki Sawaari, he had to seek Sachin's permission.In the West, getting a trademark on one's name isn't uncommon. In fact, Roger Federer , Michael Jordon and Jennifer Lopez are among some of the names that have been trademarked in the past.And now, SRK is ready to add his name to the list. A source close to the actor told TOI, \"SRK has become bigger with every project. He has taken this decision after a lot of thought. Career wise, it is a great decision to safeguard his brand.\" Interestingly, the application submitted by the actor to the Trade Mark Registry (of which, TOI has a copy) bars several industries from using his name. For example, tobacco products, alcoholic beverages, water and even other non-alcoholic drinks can't use the actor's name. The same goes for fresh fruits, vegetables, salt, mustard so on and so forth.What is a trademark : \"trademark\" is that symbol you will use to do so. Registering a trademark is a legal process provided for under the Trade Marks Act, 1999Types of trademarks available Names, including your own name or surname. An invented word or any arbitrary dictionary word or words. It does not need to be descriptive of the character or quality of the goods/service. Letters or numerals or any combination. Symbols-Monograms-Combination of colours or even a single colour in combination with a word or device. Shape of goods or their packaging. Marks constituting a 3-dimensional sign. Sound marks when represented in conventional notation or described in words by being graphically represented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760914", "title": "Four held for carjacking", "text": "PUNE: With the arrest of four men on Wednesday, the Pune crime branch claimed to have solved a carjacking case that took place in July. The car, two motorcycles, an air-gun and four cell phones have been seized from the suspects.Bhalchandra alias Vilas Kamble (27) and Chetan Chandane (21) both of New Sangvi, Ajay Shelar (26) of Sinhagad road and Pravin Halade (33) of Thergaon, were arrested by a team led by inspector Satish Govekar.Speaking to TOI, Govekar said he had received a tip-off that the four men had been using a stolen car and that they would be meeting near a brick kiln at Maan in Hinjewadi. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them,\" he said.During interrogation, the men admitted that they had carried out the carjack on July 7. Posing as travelers, they had stopped a car with the intent of robbing the driver. \"When they did not get money from the driver, they decided to take the car instead,\" Govekar said. They dumped the driver at Lonavla. \"They wanted to sell the car but hadn't been able to do that, so they started using the car after changing its number plate,\" Govekar added.\"One of the men, Shelar, has previous criminal record,\" said Govekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762047", "title": "'Poll cases can't shift from SDM court to another'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has ruled that sub-divisional magistrates while deciding an election petition under the UP Panchayat Raj Act is not a court or authority subordinate to the high court. The court, therefore, said it cannot pass order under Section 24 of Civil Procedure Code(CPC) to transfer a case from SDM court to any other competent court.The judgment was passed by Justice Pankaj Mithal, dismissing a transfer application filed by petitioner Mursallem, seeking court's direction to transfer the election petition from the court of SDM, Dadri Gautambudh Nagar to some other competent court.The petitioner had approached the court with a plea that under section 24 of CPC, high court has general power to transfer a case or proceedings from one court to another which is its subordinate.The high court did not agree with the submissions made by the petitioner's counsel and dismissed the writ petition. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759339", "title": "Association of University Teachers to rally in Chennai on October 27", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Association of University Teachers (AUT) will hold a mass rally at Chennai on October 27 demanding action against some private colleges in the state for not implementing government orders. K Pandiyan, the state president of AUT said in a press release that despite several orders, many private colleges including CBM College, and Kongunadu Arts and Science College in Coimbatore, TUK College of Karanthai, Erode Arts College and National College Trichy, are refusing to comply with various orders of the state higher education department.\"From increment cuts and termination of teachers, to closing down of aided courses, these private college authorities are resorting to several arbitrary measures. The state higher education department should take stringent action against these erring colleges,\" he said.At the CBM and the Kongunadu Arts and Science College, some eligible teachers have been denied re-employment and department headship. At the National College Trichy, the college management does not allow the philosophy lecturers to sign the register and they do not claim salary for them.Similarly, TUK College terminated two teachers. Though in all these cases the state government had directed these colleges to withdraw their actions, they have not agreed. This has created a tense situation in these institutions for academic staff, Pandiyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761333", "title": "Government plans rehabilitation of nullah house owners", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has directed the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and Jaipur Municipal Corporation ( JMC) to draw a rehabilitation plan for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah.In a meeting chaired by principal secretary, urban development and housing (UDH), G S Sandhu, directions were given to the officials of the two civic agencies to identify land near the city to rehabilitate the house owners.However, according to sources, no decision to rehabilitate other encroachers was taken in the meeting.The meeting also decided to seek more time for demolishing the encroachments and also make an attempt to get relief for the residents hanging on the 'borderline' of eviction, sources said on Wednesday. \"The state government is committed to remove the encroachments. But it needs time to demolish constructions,\" said an official.\"Even in the past, razing slums like the one at Kathputli Nagar was carried out after the rehabilitation. A meeting will be held to seek legal opinion in this regard on Thursday,\" he added.In the meeting, directions to create a list of affected house owners were also given.The meeting was held as the Rajasthan high court on October 4 ordered that all encroachments in the catchment area of the nullah, a dry riverbed, be removed within the next 15 days. As per the JDA estimate, nearly 3,000 illegal constructions, majority being residential buildings, have been built in the catchment area of the 49-km long nullah. \"Officials were asked to continue issue notices to the encroachers. To prepare the list of encroachers, it was advised to seek help of voters' list, census and Google map,\" said an official.Meanwhile, JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka inspected the nallah on Wednesday. During his inspection in zone - 2, directions were issued to cancel the allotment of school land in Sundar Nagar near Majjar dam falling in the catchment area. Moreover, directions were also given to serve 88 notices in zone 2 and 5 to the houses falling in the catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762437", "title": "Horae kanike jatha to Kudroli on October 14", "text": "MANGALORE: Preparations are on to make the centenary celebrations, Brahmakalashotsava, Navaratri mahotsava and Mangalore Dasara of Kudroli Sri Gokarnanatha Temple here a grand success this year. The organizing committee has already made elaborate arrangements to take out 'horae kanike', a procession of more than 1,000 truck loads of rice, cereals and vegetables, from Nehru Maidan in the city to the temple on Sunday.Navarathri celebration will commence at the temple with the installation of idols of Nava Durga, Sharada and Ganapathi on October 16 at 12.25pm and conclude with Vijayadashami celebrations and Mangalore Dasara procession on October 24.Temple spokesperson Harikrishna Bantwal told reporters that devotees cutting across religious lines have come forward to offer horaekanike.\"Around 30 Muslim and Christian community members have informed their willingness to offer horaekanike. Similarly, devotees from Gujarat, Bangalore, Mysore, Chikmagalur, Koppal, Udupi, Kasargod and other regions too will bring offerings in trucks. As many as 1,000 youths will escort the horaekanike procession holding yellow flags,\" he said adding that cultural dances will add glitter to the procession, which former Union minister B Janardhana Poojary will lead.Durga homa, pushpalankara puja, bhajan and other rituals will be held on all days during the Navaratri festival. More than 200 priests will participate in the Brahmakalasha rituals, which will be held at the temple on October 19 and 20. Idols of Brahmacharini, Chandraghanta, Kooshmandini, Siddhidhatri, Maha Gowri, Maha Kali, Kathyayini, Skandamatha, Aadishakthi, Shailaputri, Sharada and Ganapathi will be taken out in a procession on October 24 at 4pm. The route through which the procession will pass will be geared up to welcome Dasara procession with decorated and illuminated roads, Bantwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ne delhi", "code": "16759967", "title": "Woman gets bail in rape case", "text": "NE DELHI: A woman accused of helping her nephew rape his girlfriend by giving her tea laced with a sedative was granted bail by a Delhi court today. Observing that the nephew, who is accused of rape, has been acquitted by the Juvenile Justice Board, additional sessions judge Vikas Dhull granted bail to Munni, while noting that she has two kids to take care of. The woman is in custody since August 30 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759612", "title": "Kejriwal wants to be booked for restoring power in slum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal has written to the SHO of Narela police station, asking to be booked for \"illegally restoring\" power to a resident of the Bawana J J Colony over the weekend. The letter drafted in the name of India Against Corruption states Kejriwal and his supporter Bhagwan Solanki restored power at Meera Devi's residence, but she herself had nothing to do with the incident.The letter explains why IAC flouted the law, and argues that Meera Devi be left alone as she \"neither planned nor executed\" the action. Meera, however, cleared her outstanding bill on Tuesday to compel the power company to withdraw its complaint against her.Reacting to the letter, Narela police said they have made a daily diary entry. \"However, when we contacted the power distribution company, they told us the onus in such cases lies with the consumer. The distribution company said the law is clear about whom to hold responsible. As such, we are treating the company's complaint as final. We are investigating the case from all angles,\" said an investigator.One of Kejriwal's trusted aides, Gopal Rai, on Wednesday restored power at the Mangolpuri residence of a labourer, Santo, with the help of a local electrician. Santo had received a bill of Rs 3,500. The local police said they will record a separate case once they receive a specific complaint from the power distribution company in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16759927", "title": "ATMs run out of cash in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unsuspecting citizens were put to untold misery as more than half of the ATMs in the city ran out of cash on Wednesday due to a strike undertaken by the employees of a private security agency, which is involved in transporting of currency in majority of ATM centres.The strike which began on Monday with the employees demanding that they be paid higher bonus on par with their colleagues in other states.Chaotic scenes were witnessed near banks with several customers were seen either arguing with the officials or standing in serpentine queues trying to draw money from the counters. Abdul Rafe, an MNC employee, said \"I had to draw money urgently and visited the SBI ATM in Dabeerpura where it was out of cash and went to Koti ATM but even there the situation was same. I had to finally draw money through a cheque\"The most affected due to the strike were nationalised banks and a few private banks. Many of the customers even rued that no steps were taken by the bank officials despite the strike going on for the last three days. \"I went to a SBH ATM in Masab Tank but it was cash-less. When I spoke to the officials they said that this may continue for a few more days. I am surprised that they are not doing anything about it,\" said P Rajesh, a businessman.However, the bank officials inform that they would be taking a decision soon if this continues for a few more days. A bank manager with a nationalised bank on condition of anonymity said, \"We will go for an alternate security company if this situation continues till the weekend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760049", "title": "Now, 6,500 trains can be tracked real time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, railway passengers can track trains on real-time basis.Railways has launched online application RailRadar, which is an interactive map on Google that can facilitate passengers to track movements of all trains running across the country.The passengers can locate the trains on real-time basis on both internet and their cellphones.RailRadar, developed by a Railway PSU Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) in collaboration with RailYatri, is a live tracker of all passenger trains traffic in real time.The interactive map will help users to find the exact geographical location of about 6,500 trains on a Google map on real-time basis, an official said.The system enables a colour-coded method as trains highlighted in blue indicate those that are running on time, while the red markers indicate trains that are delayed or running behind schedule.An official said if you click on a particular train, the map will show the exact route of the train including all the stoppages and the current location of the train on real-time basis.RailRadar can be accessed through the railway website, trainenquiry.com.To know the current status of the train, a passenger can enter a train name or number and the system will inform whether the train is delayed or running on time.The interactive map zooms in and out to get train and station detail. Users can search for a particular station or train to get specific details of trains around the station or running status of a train, location, its route and stoppages. RailRadar gives an overview on train on time and delay status. In case of an accident or unplanned activity, the site would be able to provide users with an overview of situation and train status across the country.\"The live tracker is shown on an interactive map which permits users to watch the movements of trains running across the country,\" a railway official said, adding that the move is first for any major railway system in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760950", "title": "Private buses to be hired to meet peak-hour requirement", "text": "PUNE: The PMPML, which had made an attempt two years ago to get buses from private companies, is making a fresh bid to get them to run at least during peak hours. The private companies will be allowed to display advertisements on the buses to meet the expenditure for running the buses.Member of Legislative Council from Pune Mohan Joshi told reporters on Monday that the PMPML was facing shortage of buses and that it was planning to get buses from private companies. \"The issue will be discussed at the meeting of board of directors of PMPML shortly,'' Joshi said.Two years ago, divisional commissioner Dilip Band, who was holding additional charge as the PMPML's chairman and managing director, had announced that the PMPML will get buses from private companies. He had then said the PMPML requires buses during peak morning and evening hours to cater to the demands of the commuters. The transport body had invited bids from private companies and private bus owners to run the buses. However, the proposal received a poor response.Joshi, who has taken up \"mission PMPML\" to help citizens get good transport service since June this year, said he himself has spoken to some private bus operators about the issue. He claimed the PMC's plan to start AC buses to cater to the employees of the IT industry is also on the right track. \"The PMC will purchase 25 AC buses for PMPML. The buses will run very soon. Last year, the standing committee had made a budgetary provision for purchasing AC buses. However, the funds for the proposal had lapsed as the buses were not purchased. This year, a fresh budgetary provision has been made,\" Joshi said.Last month, PMPML officials had admitted that nearly 200 buses remain off the road because the transport company does not have adequate number of bus conductors. Joshi said the recruitment of bus conductors has been completed and the employees have been sent for training. The PMPML will be able to run more buses once the conductors report to work after their training.Meanwhile, Joshi said PCMC has paid the PMPML dues around 1.2 crore for the free bus pass travel scheme being run for students in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Joshi said he had taken up the matter with Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi.Of the total Rs 6.24 crore which the PCMC was supposed to pay the PMPML, the corporation had paid only Rs 5.04 crore. The remaining Rs 1.2 crore has also been paid now, Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760714", "title": "Corbusier finalized building bylaws", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For free movement of pedestrians and restoring the original look of the commercial complex in Sector 17, the estate office has decided to take action against those who have done glazing in corridors and would soon launch a crackdown.K S Panchi, president of the traders' association of Sector 17, said it was the estate office's flip flop on the issue that had led to the confusion. \"First they allowed glazing and later declared it a violation. In many cases, showroom owners complain that they become vulnerable to theft of ACs and sometimes monkeys enter their premises and that glazing is purely for security purposes,\" he claimed.The building bylaws in Sector 17 commercial complex were finalized by Le Corbusier himself and some norms applicable here are not imposed in other parts of the city. But due to rampant violations, hundreds of notices have been served by the estate office in recent years.Separate reports prepared by the UT urban planning department and municipal corporation have also pointed out widespread putting up of hoardings in different parts of Sector 17 in violation of the laid down norms. The AC ducts hanging outside in the corridors too have spoilt the aesthetic beauty of the main shopping hub of the city in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varnasi", "code": "16762131", "title": "Owners demolish illegal constructions voluntarily", "text": "VARNASI: The district administration and police's determination to ensure compliance of Allahabad High Court's order to demolish illegal constructions within 200 meters radius of Ganga's bank has yielded surprising results. On Wednesday, seven out of the 16 building owners who had been issued notices by Varanasi Development Authority began demolishing the illegal portions voluntarily. This action by building owners brought relief to the VDA which has been struggling for the past two months to ensure compliance of the HC order.It has now decided to monitor the voluntary demolition process for two days before deciding future course of action. VDA vice chairman VK Singh told reporters, \"Seven out of 16 building owners had assured me in writing that they would demolish illegal portions of their buildings voluntarily. In view of their assurance, VDA decided to monitor the proceedings instead of going ahead with the demolition drive. Two assistant engineers, all junior engineers and building inspectors of the zones concerned have been asked to monitor the demolition works and document the same through photographs.\"After two days, the VDA will inspect whether the demolition has been carried out as per the prescribed norms and requirements, said Singh, adding that in case of any irregularity, VDA would engage its labourers for proper demolition.He said some other building owners who were served notices turned up before him to inform that they will also demolish the illegal portions voluntarily. According to demolition drive in-charge of VDA, SC Mishra, two building owners, Mahant Gyandas and Premlata have got stay order against the demolition orders while demolition of illegal portions has also not been started at the buildings owned by Shambhunat Tripathi, Ramrekha Jaiswal, Shridhar Mishra, Gulab Shankar Yadav, Ramdarshan Chawdhary, Ramnarain Singh and Deepak Shapuri so far.It may be recalled here that Kautilya Society had filed a public interest litigation (PIL) in which the HC issued an order on July 27 last. For compliance of the HC order seeking demolition of the illegal constructions, the VDA had initially launched a three-day drive on September 10.However, faced by strong protests by the locals and some politicians, VDA postponed its drive to September 19. However, similar protests compelled VDA to wind up its drive and produce its affidavit before the HC on September 24.The HC took the VDA failure seriously and issued another order. This time, district magistrate Saurabh Babu and SSP BD Paulson held a meeting before the launch of the demolition drive by VDA. These officials made it very clear that any bid to stop the drive would be dealt with strictly. The SSP also increased pressure on police stations to ensure early arrest of the persons who were accused of resisting the VDA drives in September.This seriousness of district administration and police is said to have made the building owners realise that they have no option but demolish the illegal portions of their buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761913", "title": "CII to focus on generating employment in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "KANPUR: Officials of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) organised a road show here on Wednesday to discuss business development and job opportunities in the industrial city.The senior officials of CII discussed innovative ways for enhancing competitiveness in UP industries and announced generation of employment and growth as their main agenda for the state. Alok Saxena, chairman, CII UP State Council &amp; Plant Head and VP, Tata Motors Ltd while addressing mediapersons said the confederation is all set to make UP a preferred investment destination and manufacturing hub. This will also strengthen the government and improve the investment climate in the region, he said.The chairmen said CII will work for reducing regional disparity in the state and work for exemption of entry tax on iron and steel, as well as updating, digitising and zoning of land records.\"Impetus to food processing industry, proper health facilities for industrial workforce, 24 hour power in industrial Areas, revision of definition of Mega Projects, widening of roads, cluster development for industry, rehabilitation of sick units and e-governance will be our other work areas,\" informed Mr Atul Mehra, vice chairman, CII UP State Council &amp; MD, Tasty Dairy Specialties Ltd.Discussing sectors for potential growth in UP, Jayant Krishna, Co-Chairman, CII Northern Region Special Task Force on Skills &amp; Education, and regional head, TCS said UP the tourism sector had major potential as well.\"With the recent announcement of international airports, UP can be developed as a major tourism circuit. Industry in Kanpur is also keen to see the progress on the latest proposal by the government for an airport at Ramabai Nagar,\" Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760606", "title": "States asked to screen breast cancer at grass-root level from 30 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the world debates on whether women should be regularly checked for breast cancer from 40-50 years, the Union health ministry in a landmark step has decided to start screening from 30.The ministry has written to states to start screening women for breast cancer, either through special organized camps or every woman who arrives at a community health centre (CHC) for any other disease. Interestingly, for the first time, India will start breast cancer screening from the grass-root level in CHCs and district hospitals. To begin with, the screening programme is being launched in 100 districts across 21 states.Clinical examinations of the breast will be undertaken in privacy and in case a suspicious lump is found, the patient will be referred for biopsy.The Forum for Breast Cancer Protection says over 90,000 Indian women die of breast cancer every year, more than any other cancer. By current estimates, one in 25 Indian women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. A World Health Organization (WHO) study predicts that by 2020, one in eight urban Indian women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. Worryingly, Indian women seek treatment very late - around 65% are already in stage 3 or 4 when diagnosed.India's National Health Profile, 2011, predicts that by 2020, breast cancer will overtake cervical cancer as the most common type of cancer among Indian women.A health ministry official said, \"Breast cancer is most common among women, who are aged 35-45. However, we don't want to take a chance and have asked states to start screening from 30 years. Hence, we could detect onset of breast cancer cases early.\"He added, \"Guidelines have been issued to states on how the screening should be undertaken. Karnataka and Gujarat have started screening, while Haryana and Rajasthan are all set to start. We have left it to states to decide how they want to undertake the screening. What will be essential is to raise awareness among women about early diagnosis and regular screening. States could start camps in CHCs or conduct a clinical examination on all women who attend a CHS or a district hospital.\"Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs), under the country's National Rural Health Mission, are being asked to visit door to door educating women about breast cancer and the benefit of early screening.\"Besides breast cancer, we would also screen for cervical cancer in women and mouth cancer for women. These cancers along with breast cancer counts up to 705 of all cancers in India,\" the ministry official said.The incidence of breast cancer in Japan, Singapore, South Korea and India is three times what it was 40 years ago. It is known that if detected early, breast cancer is curable, with survival rates at over 90%.Breast cancer cases have doubled in India over the last two decades.As against an estimated 48,170 women who died of breast cancer in 2007, the toll breached the 50,000 mark in 2010. In 2011, the corresponding figure was 50,821.A landmark analysis of cancer cases in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore between 1982 and 2005 (24 years) by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) had found that while cervical cancer cases \u2014 earlier the most common \u2014 dipped, in some cases by almost 50%, the incidence of breast cancer doubled.While Bangalore saw breast cancer cases more than double since 1982 \u2014 15.8 in a population of one lakh in 1982 to 32.2 in 2005 - Chennai recorded 33.5 new cases of breast cancer per one lakh women in 2005 against 18.4 in 1982. Delhi recorded 24.8 new cases of breast cancer a year per 100,000 women, which rose to 32.2 in 2005. Mumbai recorded 20.8 new cases of breast cancer per 100,000 population in 1982, which increased by almost 10% in 2005.Experts say women now marry late and give birth to fewer children, all of which have led to a dip in cervical cancer cases. Ironically, these are the same factors, which have increased breast cancer rates in India. Western lifestyle, increased consumption of fat products, obesity, late marriages, delayed child bearing and less number of children being conceived leading to reduced breastfeeding are all believed to be behind this increased risk of breast cancer.A recent analysis by a Working Group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer concluded that mammography screening may reduce breast cancer mortality by 25%-30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761128", "title": "Rishabh sinks Aditya on the Pink", "text": "MUMBAI: Former senior state champion Rishabh Pandya survived a tantalizing finish to lead CCI 'Rockets' into the quarterfinals of the World Zoroastrian Organization Trust Mumbai Snooker League, organised by the Billiards &amp; Snooker Association of Maharashtra and hosted by Dadar Parsee Colony Gymkhana.With India junior No. 2 and senior No. 5 Himanshu Jain giving 'Rockets' a 1-0 lead, Pandya faced Aditya Agrawal of Bombay Gymkhana 'Spankers' in the second tie that ended in an edge-of-the-seat thriller.Agrawal led 71-62 needing only the pink to win and draw level. But to his dismay, he endured back-to-back in-offs on the colour that offered Pandya 12 crucial points and a 74-71 lead. Let off the hook, Pandya finally potted the pink to win the tie 80-71, leaving Agrawal to ponder what might have been.Nishant Dossa and Raj Khandwala beat Marzdi Kalyaniwala and Zareer Shroff in the following doubles tie to seal the issue 3-0.In another thrilling pre-quarterfinal, Khar Gymkhana 'Jaws' who shocked defending champions PJ Hindu Gymkhana 'Hustlers' in the previous round, survived a scare after leading 2-0 against Matunga Gymkhana 'Maltese Monks'.'Monks' won the third doubles tie to make it 1-2 but it was Ankit Thakkar who shocked the formidable Faisal Khan 102-98 in a black ball finish, in a nail-biting fourth tie that saw a scintillating display of snookers by both cueists. But Pawan Kohli halted the 'Monks' with a win over Poras Shah to snatch the contest for the 'Jaws'.Results (PQF): Khar Gymkhana 'Jaws' bt Matunga Gymkhana 'Maltese Monks' 3-2; CCI 'Rockets' bt Bombay Gymhana 'Spankers' 3-0; JVPG 'Tigers bt MIG 'Feathers' 3-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16761030", "title": "4 more held for home stay attack", "text": "MANGALORE: With Mangalore city police arresting four more in the July 28 home stay attack on a group of young birthday party revellers, the number of arrests in this case has gone up to 28.The arrested are: Ganesh, 22, of Veeranagara, Kiran, 35, from Kasargod, Deekshit, 25, of Jalligudde, Bajal and Shreyas alias Sachu, 19, from Alape. The arrests took place after the III JMFC court issued arrest warrants against them. They have been remanded to judicial custody for two weeks.The accused arrested earlier are: Sharath, Tharanath Kannur, Rajesh, Chethan, Sunil, Harish, Shailesh, Puneeth, Varun Poojary, Kiran Poojary, Suresh Poojary, Mithun Poojary, Sampath, Deepak, Ramesh Kotiyan, Jagadish, Nithin, Dinesh, Sandeep Shetty, Venugopal, Tharanath, Sampath Poojary, Suresh Poojary and Deepak.The incident was reminiscent of the attack by Sri Rama Sene activists on revellers at a pub in the city on January 24, 2009.On July 28, around 40 ruffians took it on themselves to lay down the law to a group of revellers at Morning Mist Resort at Padil on the city outskirts here. The hoodlums, who got wind of the party at the private property barged in and started physically jostling the revellers - men and women. A girl who tried to escape from their clutches was brought back to the resort and thrashed.ARREST WARRANTS AGAINST REPORTERSThe third JMFC court here issued arrest warrants against two electronic media personnel for their alleged collusion in the attack. City police chief Manish Kharbikar told TOI that arrest warrants have been issued against Naveen Soorinje, reporter of a private Kannada news channel and Sharan Raj, reporter of a local cable TV news channel. \"We will take steps to execute these warrants,\" he said.The court has directed that the remaining 16 accused too be arrested, Manish said, adding that the chargesheet filed before the court had named 44 persons, out of which 28 have been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759337", "title": "Air of negativity will affect country\u2019s image: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday cautioned that the negativity and despondency over corruption could hurt the country's image and sap its morale.Speaking to officers of CBI and state anti-corruption bureaus, Singh said, \"The mindless atmosphere of negativity and pessimism that is sought to be created over the issue of corruption can do us no good. It can only damage our country's image and hit the morale of the executive.\"He further said, \"While reiterating our government's commitment to fighting the menace of corruption in every possible way, I would like to stress upon the need to protect honest public servants and keep the morale of the executive intact.\"Singh had, as he noted in his speech, expressed concern earlier also. However, his fresh warning may appear significant because it came against the backdrop of the corruption issue muscling its way on to the centre stage after a spell where the government's reforms measures had pushed it to the margins.The return of the theme of corruption with attendant suggestions of crony capitalism under UPA has become a source of concern for Congress. The party spokesperson reflected the worry when she sought to pit the renewed attention on corruption as antithetical to UPA's new-found thrust on reforms.The PM also said that while all efforts should be made to punish the corrupt, care should be taken to ensure that the innocent are spared harassment. \"The importance of making a distinction between bonafide mistakes and colorable exercise of power of investigation of corruption cases cannot be over emphasized,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759649", "title": "Squatters in quarters, tribunal chiefs \u2018homeless\u2019: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre and former governor Buta Singh got into trouble in the Supreme Court on Wednesday -- the Union government for disentitling tribunal chairpersons from general pool housing and Singh for unauthorized occupation of official accommodation.Six years ago, a bench headed by Justice B N Agrawal (since retired) had ordered the Centre to take steps to immediately evict Buta Singh for unauthorized occupation of a government bungalow in Delhi while being the governor of Bihar.On Wednesday, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya frowned at the dichotomy -- scores of bungalows being under unauthorized occupation of former bureaucrats, ex-senior cops and journalists yet the Prime Minister's Office issuing a circular disentitling tribunal heads and members from getting accommodation from the Union government's general pool.\"The central government is facing problems in allotting accommodation to tribunal chairpersons and officials of other wings. Due to unauthorized occupation, the government finds it difficult to allot houses. This is why the Prime Minister's Office circulated a proposal denying houses from general pool to members of tribunals. It is imperative for the court to intervene,\" the bench said.Additional solicitor general Amarjit Singh Chandiok furnished a list of unauthorized occupants, which included former chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes Buta Singh, former income tax chief commissioner Anjani Kumar, Lt Gen S S Dahiya, former director of Sashastra Seema Bal Y S Dadwal, DIG in CBI Piyush Anand, cameraman Subhash Chander, former medical superintendent of RML Hospital Dr N K Chaturvedi and a number of journalists.The bench took note of the litigation for eviction and said these unauthorized occupants prima facie did not have any right to continue in their official residences after retirement and issued notices asking them to show cause by December 5 why eviction proceedings be not initiated against them.The court also agreed to the ASG's request for publishing in Times of India and a Hindi newspaper the list of unauthorized occupants in government accommodation and the Supreme Court's notice to them for initiation of eviction proceedings.The ASG also informed the court that the Director of Estates had agreed to allot the entire Faridkot House to National Green Tribunal as soon as the present occupant, National Human Rights Commission , shifted to its own premises.When National Green Tribunal Bar Association president Raj Panjwani complained about lack of residential accommodation to NGT members, the ASG pointed out that the ministry of environment and forests was required to move a fresh cabinet note for consideration of the Cabinet Committee on Accommodation. The apex court directed the ministry to do the needful soon.The NGT appears to be heading towards becoming fully functional as the court permitted the acting chairperson of the tribunal to proceed with the necessary appointments for which advertisements had been issued.The NGT has been saddled with a huge volume of work after an SC bench ordered transfer of all pending environment matters in high courts to the tribunal but was handicapped due to lack of infrastructure, staff and accommodation for its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761927", "title": "Bracing for a blues epidemic", "text": "RANCHI: Depression will become the most common mental disorder across the world by 2030, according to Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) data. Mental health experts in the city believe that changing lifestyles and increasing isolation of people are the key causes behind the depression epidemic. Since 1992, October 10 every year is observed as the World Mental Health Day.Dr Amool Ranjan, director at Ranchi Institute of Neuro Psychiatry and Applied Sciences (Rinpas), said: \"These days at least 5% of the general population suffers from depression. World Mental Health Day brings a ray of hope in life of mentally-ill patients. If they are given love and care, they can be a part of the mainstream.\" According to 2009 data of urban mental health study, the rate of depression is 20 per 1000 -10 per 1000 in in rural areas and 32 per 1000 metropolitan cities. \"As far as the capital city is concerned, there is a lot of poverty and malnutrition here and that leads to frustration and depression,\" Dr Ranjan.At least 7% of India's population of 1.22 billion suffers from some form of mental disorder, according to Union health ministry data. The global scenario is pretty bleak too. World Federation for Mental Health said depression is a global crisis as it affects more than 300 million people around the world, that it is associated with profound social and economic consequences, and that despite the fact that it is \"treatable\" most people around the world do not receive these treatments.He added: \"People these days are so preoccupied with their own work that they hardly interact with people. They never ventilate their thoughts. With the rising number of nuclear families, couples are mostly working and hardly getting any time to spend with each other. It has been observed that depression is found more among the women at the age of 40 and in men at 60. Women and men in that age feel neglected as their children are settled in their lives and a feeling of loneliness starts gripping them. Men feel lonelier without work as by that age they get retired from their work.\"Talking about the remedies which are related with lifestyle changes, Ranjan said, \"People need to communicate with others and let their thoughts out. They need to socialize as I its always said that man is a social animal. Women and men need to keep themselves busy with some work and I would also suggest they in that age they need to form groups which happens in the metro cities parks where the old aged people meet interact and enjoy each others company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16762487", "title": "Got a grouse? Ping cops on social media", "text": "BANGALORE: Are you a victim of extortion or ill-treatment by policemen ? Or are you just scared of going anywhere near a police station, intimidated by cops' high-handedness ? Don't worry anymore. You can now log on to social networks to lodge complaints against policemen, give tip-offs and make suggestions.On Wednesday, Bangalore police launched an initiative that facilitates online interaction with citizens.\"Citizens can host their grievances, suggestions, tip-offs and complaints against anyone through Twitter, Facebook, YouTube , Pinterest , LinkedIn and Foursquare, and blogs, forums and online communities. We have assigned eight personnel for monitoring these social media round the clock. Complainants will be provided feedback,\" police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said.Citizens can also log on to the Facebook site of Bangalore city police for any help. Police will initiate follow-up action on complaints.\"Poor response of police or government agencies to discussions in the virtual world may have serious repercussions on law and order. We saw in the cases of the Mangalore homestay attack and exodus of north-eastern citizens how sensitive issues can be twisted out of context with these modern tools. Social media, obviously, have a corrective potential too, and we hope to tap into it,\" Mirji explained. \"Being in sync with the current generation and adopting modern methods of communication is our goal,\" the police officer added.The initiative has arrived in Bangalore after a four-year delay. It had been proposed for implementation in 2008 after serial blasts rocked the city.Ravi Shankar, CEO, Havas Worldwide Digital Matrix, which is partnering police for the initiative, said India is expected to have 130 million users of social networks by 2014.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka said: \"I always wanted a healthy interaction between people and police. This will pave the way for people's active participation in policing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760737", "title": "On VIP duty: 600 cops to ensure safe outing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over 600 cops will be on VIP duty at Panjab University to ensure the hassle-free visit of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi in the campus on Thursday.Besides, in the wake of threats from various student outfits to show black flags to Rahul's cavalcade, police have rounded up around a dozen suspicious persons from PU campus on late Tuesday night. However, they were released after verification.\"On the basis of suspicion, we had rounded up around 12 students but they were released after verification. We would deploy our men both uniform and civvies to keep an eye on anti-social elements,\" Sector-11 police station SHO Gurmukh Singh, told TOI.Also, Chandigarh Police' dog squad, quick reaction team, PCR gypsies, officials from traffic and other police wings would be deployed at the varsity campus. To ensure smooth conduct of the visit and in the wake of increased VIP movement, gate number 1 of PU (in front of PGI) will be closed on Thursday. Gate number 2 and 3 will remain open for staff, students and general public. Vehicles will not be allowed to park near Gandhi Bhawan, University Business School, arts block and university library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761492", "title": "The black ban: kale hain toh kya hua...", "text": "PATNA: The 'over-policing' to ensure peaceful Adhikar sammelans of chief minister Nitish Kumar has not only been a torturing experience for the people attending these meetings but also become a butt of joke in political circles. The policemen were seen asking people entering the meeting venues to remove the black clothes and accessories like black gamcha, handkerchief, dupatta and umbrella.Black flags were shown to Nitish at Begusarai and Khagaria causing embarrassment to local administration.The Tuesday's Nawada incident crossed all limits when women cops forced the girls wearing black dupatta to remove it before entering the meeting venue. It has kicked off heated debates and leaders of opposition parties are accusing the CM and his government of indecency. Even the chairperson of National Commission for Women, Mamata Sharma, called the incident shameful and said she would talk to Nitish.While senior police officials said no such instruction was ever issued to the cops on duty, the Nawada town police station inspector, Upendra Sah, admitted that some women cops at Harishchandra stadium asked the girls wearing black dupatta to keep it in their bags fearing the dupattas could be snatched by someone to waive at CM.RJD chief Lalu Prasad made fun of police 'disrobing people wearing black clothes'. \"Hum kale hain toh kya hua, dil wale hain; hum jaldi Nitish ko hatane wale hain,\" Lalu goes lyrical in his inimitable style. \"What about the people having black hair? The barbers should be deployed at Nitish's meeting grounds to tonsure their heads,\" Lalu commented.Though senior police officials have not instructed their subordinates to ban the black, the local police at Kishanganj, Araria, Jamui and Nawada religiously implemented this ban. Nitish had expressed his displeasure over this issue at Jamui on October 8.Post Khagaria incident, the security around the CM has been tightened and police are extra cautious in making arrangements for his meetings.Contract teachers had demonstrated during Nitish's meeting at Chhapra, Madhubani and Darbhanga followed by Khagaria violence on September 27. It was for the first time in his last 7 years as CM that Nitish was facing protests at his meetings. The police formed a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the Khagaria violence. Some senior RJD leaders, including Lalu Prasad and party general secretary Ram Kripal Yadav , said to have figured in the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "janakpuri", "code": "16760956", "title": "Man found murdered outside police post", "text": "JANAKPURI: Panic spread in Janakpuri early on Wednesday morning as residents found an unidentified body in front of the area police post. The passersby immediately informed the cops, who were hitherto unaware about it.As senior police officers reached the spot, they found during preliminary investigation that suspecting him to be a thief, Talwinder Singh \u2014 a resident of Janakpuri who resides near the police post \u2014 and some of his neighbours had reportedly murdered the man.Additional deputy commissioner of police (Zone-1) Nilambri Jagdale said, \"We are verifying the allegations of Talwinder that the man had entered his house to commit theft. He told us that when he was sleeping, he heard some noise in his house. On noticing the man, he, along with his neighbours, beat him with a stick.\" The neighbours said around 2am on Wednesday, they heard Talwinder's shouts and rushed to his place.His tenant said the man had no clothes but only oil on his body. His neighbour said last week the same man had committed a theft at Talwinder's place. Station house officer of division number 6 Mandeep Singh said, \"We suspect the versions. Why didn't Talwinder inform cops if a thief had entered his house. And he could have called us after nabbing the man, but he did not. Besides Talwinder, 9 others have been booked.\"When asked why the police didn't reach the spot on hearing the melee, he said the house was a bit far from the post.Assistant commissioner of police (Central) Ramneesh Chaudhary said, \"We are also inquiring if the man's clothes were torn during the fight or he had none when he entered the house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761362", "title": "Govt panel to examine renewal of mine leases", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with the ongoing visit of a team representing the Justice M B Shah Commission probing into illegal mining in different states, the Odisha government has constituted an inter-departmental committee to examine the renewal of mining leases.The 12-member committee, headed by development commissioner, shall examine all proposals for renewal of mining leases, including availability of statutory clearances under different laws, according to a steel and mines department notification.The mining lease renewal proposals along with the committee's recommendations would finally come up before the state government for \"final approval or recommendation to the central government\" under the provisions of Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, and the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, the notification said.The committee shall decide the modalities and frequency of sittings, it said, adding, the committee may also invite any official or expert having knowledge on mining, forest, environment, wildlife and other related matters to assist it.Other members of the panel include secretaries of steel and mines, forest and environment and revenue departments, principal chief conservator of forests, principal chief conservator of forests (Wildlife), director (Environment), director (mines), director (Geology), CEO of ORSAC and member-secretary, Odisha State Pollution Control Board. Joint/ additional/ special secretary, steel and mines, dealing with the subject would serve as member-convenor of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16760335", "title": "Assistant sub inspector shoots self in police station", "text": "JABALPUR: Suffering from depression, an assistant sub inspector Shivnath Singh Pandey, attached to the police lines Jabalpur, committed suicide by shooting himself in Gosalpur police station. Pandey arrived at the station on Tuesday morning, where he was posted till last month, pulled a chair in the veranda and then shot himself in full view of his colleagues.While a suicide note found in his diary mentions harassment by his senior traffic inspector and the consequent mental torture, a preliminary probe puts the blame on his unstable mental condition.Talking to TOI, SP Harinarayan Chari Mishra said that Pandey had been suffering from depression since last year after his youngest son ended his life by jumping into Bhedaghat waterfall. The streak ran in the family specially as his elder brother had also committed suicide before this, the SP said.Facing an enquiry for blackmailing and extortion, Pandey had been threatening to end his life if any action was taken against him. This incidentally was videographed by his colleagues and Pandey was eventually shifted to Jabalpur police lines. An inquiry was nearing end and there was evidence to substantiate the charge that Pandey had taken a bribe of Rs 22,000. It could have triggered off the reaction, Mishra said.The SP has written to the IG Jabalpur Madhu Kumar to set up an inquiry to find out what prompted Pandey to go to Gosalpur police station when he was already transferred from the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759666", "title": "I-T sleuths raid Topworth Group", "text": "NAGPUR: Topworth Group, one of the companies which came into the limelight during the coalgate revelations recently, was raided by the income tax sleuths on Wednesday. The operation, which originated from Raipur , where this company also has a presence, covered its offices and plant in Nagpur too.Topworth is coming up with an integrated sponge iron, steel and power plant at Umrer Road, for which it had purchased a captive coal block originally allotted to Shree Veerangana Steels. This company, promoted by former president of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) Mohan Agrawal, had got the block through the government's allocation system in 2005. However, instead of developing the mine, the promoter sold the company to Topworth Urja and Metals for around Rs30 crore, as per market sources.The coal block once again changed hands when Topworth went on to become Crest Steel. The promoters described it as a merger within the company. However, market sources say that there is a likelihood of funds having changed hands in the second deal too, which has drawn the tax man's attention.Topworth group is promoted by the Lodha family from Jalgaon. The promoters had been issued a notice by the ministry of coal also, which pointed out that frequent changes in ownership indicated profiteering from of the coal block.Income tax officials here, however, refused to comment, saying that they were only assisting the team from Raipur. Sources said the raiding team also included officers from Jabalpur. The company's director Surendra Lodha confirmed an income tax action against the company, but refused to divulge any details.The company has a sponge iron plant at Durg in Chhattisgarh , apart from steel melting units and power plants. Its business has seen a considerable growth over the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759773", "title": "Bail for Kanda\u2019s brother extended till October 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday extended till October 31 the interim bail of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's brother Govind Kanda in a case lodged against him for evading court appearance in a 14-year-old cheque bounce case.District judge H S Sharma, who had earlier granted interim bail to Govind till Wednesday on a personal bond of Rs 10,000 with a surety of the like amount, extended it till October 31.Gopal Kanda, who is presently in judicial custody in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case, is also an accused in the cheque bounce case for evading the court and is in judicial custody till October 12 in the case.The case for evading the court was recently lodged against them by the Delhi Police on a court's direction.Kanda and his brother Govind were declared proclaimed offenders in the cheque bounce case which they had settled in August this year in an out-of-court agreement.The police had registered the case against Kanda brothers under section 174 A (punishment for non-appearance in response to court proclamation) of the IPC which entails a maximum jail term of three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760160", "title": "Cross-match lab, cadaveric transplant unit at GMC soon", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will set up a cross-match laboratory and also a cadaveric transplant unit to help in the transplant of kidneys for the benefit of patients in the advanced stage of diabetes, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said on Wednesday.Speaking to the media on the sidelines of a press conference, Parsekar said that although Goa had earned laurels as the number one state in health, Goa was still seeing an increasing number of diabetes, cardiac ailments and mental disorders. He said the suicide rate in Goa is above the national average.But he spoke specifically of diabetes patients and his efforts to enhance facilities to them while curbing wasteful expenditure. Parsekar said Goa has about 600 diabetes patients at stage five. This is where the patients require dialysis. Annually, the state spends 1.80 lakh on every patient for dialysis, which for 600 patients, adds up to 10.80 crore.Parsekar said of the four kidney transplants that had been performed in Goa, all were successful and the patients did not need dialysis anymore (in all the cases, the donors were women , sources said). That is why he favoured installing a cross-match laboratory that would help in kidney transplants in Goa. He also said he intended to set up a cadaveric transplant unit whereby kidneys from persons can be harvested up to six hours after their death and transplanted in needy patients.The health minister declined to set a time frame for the setting up the units but said he would pursue the matter vigorously with the government. But funds are not a problem, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16762541", "title": "3,000 married girls in 15-19 age group: Survey", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) yearly Family Survey has revealed that there are still a substantial number of early marriages taking place in the city.In all, 3,073 girls in the age group of 15 to 19 years were found to have consummated their marriage and 1,286 of them had also become mothers. Last year's survey (2011-12 ) had found 3,094 married women/girls in the same age group. Among them, 1,925 had had a child, said Anjali Sabane, PMC's deputy medical officer of health.The survey was mainly carried out in the lower socio economic strata and through it the PMC hopes to identify and extend the benefit of sterilisation, ante-natal care and immunisation to eligible couples and their children.Early marriage has far-reaching implications for women. It curtails their educational opportunities, affects their health and makes them more vulnerable to domestic violence.Ending child marriage is the theme of the first International Day of the Girl Child that falls on October 11.3 million girl children go missing in a decadeIndia's love for a male child has led to cold-blooded murder of three million girl children over the last decade. By government's own admission, the ministry of statistics and programme implementation in its latest report on state of children says three million girl children have gone missing in 2011 compared to 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760913", "title": "Chitra Salunkhe case: Two top cops face high court glare", "text": "MUMBAI: The Director General of Police's report to Bombay high court in the Chitra Salunkhe case, while giving a clean chit to five IPS officers, has recommended that the state government issue advisory notes to additional commissioner of police (traffic) Brijesh Singh and additional director general of police Mohan Rathod.The two have been rapped for non-application of mind and casual approach while dealing with complaints filed by Salunkhe, former vice-principal of Siddharth Law College.Salunkhe alleged that the seven officers shielded special inspector general (protection of civil rights) K L Bishnoi, accused of examination malpractice. Bishnoi was shown 'present' for the practical exam in the final year LLB course at Siddharth Law College on March 12, 2005. He was then additional commissioner of police, Economic Offences Wing. Salunkhe was in-charge of the viva exams.The seven officers include ATS chief Rakesh Maria, retired additional director general of police Pankaj Gupta, inspector general Mohan Rathod, additional commissioners of police Sanjay Saxena, Brijesh Singh, Vishwas Nangre-Patil and Naval Bajaj. On April 17, the court recalling its order for CBI probe directed it to be held by the DGP.The report by former DGP K Subramanyam, submitted to the court on September 28, said there was no substance in Salunkhe's allegation that the reports of Saxena and Maria were false. According to the officers, Bishnoi was the CP, Aurangabad, and hence they had no authority to summon him for his statements as it could only be done by the then DGP under whose jurisdiction Bishnoi was posted. It was clearly an error and not malafide, the report stated.The report said Brijesh Singh, who was then DCP Zone I, had wrongly informed Salunkhe that action had been initiated against all the culprits in her complaint of human rights abuse. Subramanyam agreed that Singh's reply is \"misleading and false\" and seems to have been prepared and sent in \"a casual manner\" but added that was not done mala fide.The report said Rathod, then superintendent of police state PCR, had not applied his mind to sort out the confusion created by the contradictory legal opinion received from the prosecution office regarding Salunkhe's complaint of atrocity. Also Rathod \"should not have acted as a post office in sending report\" received from Bajaj to the National Schedule Caste Commission.The report said it would have been proper for Bishnoi to not have taken up an inquiry against Salunkhe into her alleged fake BA degree. The report said since Bishnoi had not recused himself from the inquiry into principal A K Inamdar's complaint, all his action are perceived by Salunkhe as being unduly motivated. The DGP said he is convinced that Salunkhe was a victim of fraud by Progressive Classes, Thane as regards her bogus degree.The report concluded that Salunkhe has been harassed and persecuted over the years both as a woman and as a scheduled caste person by her colleagues. The report said the internal college dispute should have been sorted out and dealt with by the management instead of snow-balling into NCs and FIRs registered at Azad Maidan police station. \"I further find that proper action was taken by the police station and her complaints have not been ignored,\" it concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761009", "title": "Three injured after drunk driver rams MUV into them", "text": "MUMBAI: Two women and a teen were injured after a drunk MUV driver rammed into them at Borivli (E) on Wednesday. The motorist, Suryabhan Avhad, was arrested by the Dahisar police. Avhad told cops that the vehicle's brakes had failed, propelling it out of control.Avhad (48), a resident of Shailendra Nagar in Dahisar (E), provides vehicles to the BMC on a contractual basis. Around 12.30pm, Avhad was driving his Tata Sumo in the Machhi Market area of Kajupada down a slope when he lost control of it. There were several pedestrians walking down the stretch at the time of the incident.\"The SUV rammed into three pedestrians, Rupali Prajapati (22), Aditi Bate (30) and Hemant Chari (17). The trio was rushed to the Shrikrishna Hospital nearby. But as Prajapati's condition was critical, doctors advised her family to take her to the civic-run Bhagwati Hospital at Borivli,\" said a police officer. Bate and Chari were discharged after treatment.The accident spot is close to a residential colony.Residents caught hold of Avhad and handed him over to the police. A preliminary medical examination showed that he was drunk. Prajapati, a Malad resident, is employed at a beauty parlour in Kajupada and was on her way to work when she was hit. Her employer informed her family members about the mishap. \"Rupali has received eight stitches on her head and has also lost some of her teeth. She has been admitted to the ICCU of Bhagwati Hospital and is in no condition to talk.\"We are unable to understand why the SUV driver was speeding down a narrow lane. Didn't he realize he wasn't on a highway?\" said Prajapati's sister, Shakuntala. Prajapati's family has demanded stringent action against Avhad.\"We have booked Avhad under sections 279 and 338 of Indian Penal Code. Officers from the Regional Transport Office (RTO) will examine the Sumo to find out if the brakes had actually failed. The vehicle has been kept at the Dahisar police station,\" the official said. Avhad will be produced before a metropolitan court at Borivli on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760132", "title": "BE teacher found dead in staff quarters", "text": "HYDERABAD: A teacher of a private engineering college was found dead in suspicious circumstances at the college staff quarters in Ibrahimpatnam on Wednesday.The victim was identified as Karunakar, 44, of Warangal. He was a faculty member at Guru Nanak Engineering College in Ibrahimpatnam. The incident came to light at about 9.30 am on Wednesday when some colleagues went to his room as he did not turn up to take his class.They found his Karunakar's room door locked from inside and as he did not respond to their calls for a long time, they broke the door open and found him lying dead next to the toilet door, Ibrahimpatnam inspector K Ram Kumar said.\"There were no external injuries on the body and we did not find any poisonous chemical in the room. We suspect that he might have died of cardiac arrest, but the exact cause of death will be known only after the post-mortem examination,\" the inspector added. Karunakar is survived by his wife and two children who stay in Warangal. A case was booked under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762173", "title": "Banaras Hindu University campus calm, teachers continue work", "text": "VARANASI: The campus of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) remained calm on Wednesday with vice-chancellor personally taking stock of academic atmosphere in the varsity.Chief proctor HCS Rathore on Tuesday reportedly received phone call wherein he was threatened of dire consequences. The university spokesperson said the matter has been bought into the notice of police. However, the police denied having received any such complaint from the BHU administration.Meanwhile, the teachers of Faculty of Arts, who had threatened to boycott classes and resigned from administrative posts in protest against the attack on the administrative warden of a hostel, continued work on Wednesday. \"No decision on the resignation has been taken as yet, and the teachers are doing their work,\" said BHU spokesperson Rajesh Singh when contacted on Wednesday.It may be mentioned here that BHU campus witnessed violence and arson on Sunday night following the alleged beating of students by security personnel at a hostel.The warden Atul Tripathi was also attacked by some anti-social elements.Meanwhile, a group of students held a meeting on Wednesday and welcomed the initiative of BHU administration to hold student union elections as per recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee.According to the BHU spokesperson, a guideline is being prepared for holding the elections as per recommendations of the committee and directives of the Allahabad High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761106", "title": "BMC changes road tender norms to attract big companies", "text": "MUMBAI: In a desperate attempt to attract bigger companies to execute road works, the BMC has made changes in the tender conditions.The civic body has been under fire for the poor quality of roads in Mumbai and has been trying to rope in reputed firms to better their quality. However, despite several attempts, the big players in the road-building sector had stayed away from bidding for these projects.The civic body is in the process of re-tendering a Rs 364 crore roads contract for the western suburbs. These conditions, that will facilitate the entry of big players, will also be followed in the island city and the eastern suburbs.The BMC has decided not to insist that ready mix plants (RMC) and batch-mix plants for the roadworks be owned by the contractors. Many of these big companies, which operate nationally, don't have their own plant within city limits and they usually erect temporary set-ups at the site itself.To keep a check on the quality, the civic body has only allowed joint ventures. Formation of a consortium is not allowed as the third party in a consortium generally has lesser credentials.\"The required amount of machinery and staff has been increased so that smaller companies will be ruled out from the fray at the early stage itself,\" said BMC standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale.Shewale added that some of the bigger companies have agreed to work with the BMC, but they will only take up roads that suit their profile. Laying works of major roads like Marine Drive, Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road and LBS Road will be allocated to these major companies. The civic body also plans to offer these companies the contract to construct bridges in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16759709", "title": "Chautala backs khaps on lowering marriage age to stop rapes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana leader of the Opposition and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala , in trying to appeal to his voters, sparked off another controversy on the issue of rising crime against women in the state by backing khap panchayats' bizarre demand of lowering the marriageable age of girls from 18 to 16 years to curb the rising cases of rape.\"I support Khaps on this issue. If girls are married off earlier it can save them from crime,\" Chautala told reporters on Wednesday, adding that historically, this has been the practice, giving the example of the Mughal period when girls were married off at an early age to save them from atrocities.\"People during the Mughal rule used to marry their young girls early to save them from atrocities inflicted by the rulers. The same situation is arising in Haryana and the government has become more or less impotent in dealing with rising crime,\" said Chautala.\"Khap panchayat members are respectable and responsible citizens and their demand is justified,\" added Chautala, who on Wednesday also submitted a memorandum to Haryana governor Jagannath Pahadia demanding a special session over rising crime against women.Leaders of khap panchayats on October 5 had said that unmarried girls are more vulnerable and could be lured or assaulted easily. They also said that exposure to television and cinema have also advanced the stage of adulthood among youngsters, which is why the marriageable age of girls should be lowered.Chautala also lashed out at Congress president Sonia Gandhi for coming too late to the help of victims.\"If Sonia was really concerned about the atrocities against women, especially dalit girls, then she should have visited Sonipat where a girl student from dalit family was gang-raped by men in an educational institution in March this year,\" he said.Sonia, who visited Sacha Khera village in Jind on Tuesday and met the family members of a rape victim, had slammed the khaps for their suggestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760978", "title": "Marklists, hall tickets, seized", "text": "PUNE: Several hall tickets, marklists and 14 cell phones were seized on Wednesday from Gaus Shabbir Shaikh (35) of New Modikhana, who was arrested on Tuesday for recruiting a youth to impersonate a student and appear for his B Com examination.Shaikh was remanded in police custody till October 13.Fareed Parvez Sayyed (23) of Kondhwa, who had pretended to be B Com student Karvan Ahmed Sayyed, had also been arrested on Tuesday.The police had received a tip-off that Sayyed was writing the cost and work accountancy examination on Tuesday between 3 pm and 5.30 pm, instead of Karvan. A police team visited the college and requested the supervisor, Faheem Ansari, to verify Sayyed's identity and hall ticket. College officials found that Sayyed had pasted his photograph on Karvan's hall ticket. Sayyed's identity was ascertained from his driving licence.Sayyed told the police that Shaikh had told him to write the exam on Karvan's behalf. Investigations revealed that Shaikh would arrange impersonators for students who were weak in studies. He would take Rs 15,000 per paper and give the impersonator Rs 5,000.Speaking to TOI, inspector Nitin Jadhav (crime) of the Cantonment police said, \"We have seized two hall tickets and six marklists of various colleges from Shaikh's Swift car. We have seized 14 cell phones from his residence, but the phones do not have batteries and Sim cards.\"Jadhav said the police would verify the hall tickets and marklists.\"Shaikh has claimed that the cell phones were kept at his residence for repairs,\" he said. \"He has admitted that he had been operating in the college for a year and was helping students he knew pass the second and third year B Com examination.\"Shaikh and Sayyed were produced in the Pune Cantonment court on Wednesday to seek police custody.Assistant public prosecutor B R Patil submitted that the custodial interrogation of Shaikh was essential to conduct investigations in respect of the hall tickets and marklists seized from the car. He pleaded that sufficient time be given to the police to unearth Shaikh's modus operandi and arrest Karvan.Shaikh has been sent to police custody for four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16762960", "title": "\u2018Days of free, open internet could soon become history\u2019", "text": "SYDNEY: A 'behind-closed-doors' battle for control of the internet is likely to put 'government handcuffs' on the web, and threatens to end a free and open internet, it has emerged.The International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ), a United Nations organization representing 193 countries, will hold a summit in Dubai in December where member countries will negotiate a treaty that sets out regulations on international voice, data and video traffic.Russia, China and Iran will use the World Conference on International Telecommunications (WCIT) to try to expand the treaty to include the Internet regulation, The Sydney Morning Herald reports.Secret WCIT proposals from several stakeholders have been leaked on the website WCITLeaks.org, giving rise to fears from civil liberties groups and the technology industry that the days of a free, open internet are coming to an end, the report said.Washington DC-based Tom Wheeler, who previously worked in telco policy for three decades including as CEO of the US Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association ( CTIA ), called the Dubai summit 'the most important meeting you've never heard of '.Overuse of internet causes depressionFor those who are unable to limit their internet use, time spent online may produce negative outcomes such as depression , loneliness, and limited face-to-face contacts, say experts. Individuals' compulsive internet use refers to their inability to control, reduce, or stop their online behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760911", "title": "Gursharanjot, grandma share birthday", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a double bonanza for the Middhas at Model Town as their 8-year-old son Gursharanjot Singh shared his birthday with 68-year-old grandmother Manjit Kaur on Wednesday.The family decided to plan a grand celebration for the birthday boy and his \"nani maa\". On Wednesday morning all the family members headed to the Alamgir Sahib Gurudwara, Gill Road, and offered prayers and \"romala\" for seeking blessings of the Almighty. Following this a party was organized for family and friends in the evening.Gurpreet Singh Midda, 30, a businessman left no stone unturned to make the day special for his son and mother. The guest list included 50 close friends and family who collected at a food joint for a party. \"Gursharanjot received loads of gifts but the most special gift remained the ancestral gold \"kada\" passed on by his great grandfather late Jagannath Arora. We gifted my mother a gold chain on the occasion. As for me I gave him a leather bat which he had been demanding for a long time,\" said Gurpreet.Gusharanjot's friends, Rythempreet Singh, Simran, Chahat, Naina, Angel, Harnoor Singh, Harman, Punit also came to wish him with toys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16760679", "title": "Botanical Garden to get 2nd Metro station", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to construct a second station close to the existing Botanical Garden Metro following its expansion plan to cater to the projected increase in footfall once the Kalindi Kunj link is completed. The new station will be constructed within the Botanical Garden area on Master Plan Road-III.In June, the Authority had written to the state environment ministry requesting for permission to use some part of the Botanical Garden land for Metro expansion work. The ministry has granted permission to use about 10 acres of the land and the Authority has decided to use five acres to construct the second station.The remaining five acre land will be used for a multilevel parking lot to be built by DMRC and for two slip roads that will be constructed by the Noida Authority.Earlier, after a meeting between the Noida Authority and the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, it was decided that following the extension of the existing Metro line up to Kalindi Kunj in Delhi, the Botanical Garden station will be made a junction with broad gauge and standard gauge lines. Hence, the existing station needs to be expanded.According to a senior official, the Authority will hand over part of this five acre land adjoining the existing Botanical Garden Metro station to DMRC for the parking facility that will have a capacity of 4,000 vehicles.Commuters heading towards Akshardham or Kalindi Kunj will be able to use the parking lot. At present, only 500 vehicles can be parked in the existing parking lot at the station. Work on the parking project will be completed within 18 months from the time it begins.\"Following the extension of the existing Metro line, the Botanical Garden station will be made a junction with broad gauge and standard gauge lines. As a result, the station will witness a major increase in footfall as well as vehicular traffic. We have decided to construct a second station as well as a parking lot to cater to this increase in numbers,\" a Noida Authority official said.\"The two slip roads will provide a smooth access for commuters to the station and the parking lot from the main Master Plan Road-III,\" he added.The Authority is likely to begin work on the design and feasibility of the new station by the end of this month. Work on the extension of the Botanical Garden-Kalindi Kunj Metro line is expected to begin in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761799", "title": "Power curbs not to dampen celebration of Navaratri, Diwali", "text": "KOCHI: The restriction on power consumption is unlikely to dampen the enthusiasm among the non-Malayali communities in the city who celebrate Navaratri and Diwali. The directive of the Kerala state electricity regulatory authority on illuminations will make it impossible for them to light up homes and temples as they normally do during the nine-day Navaratri festivities this month and the Diwali in November. However, that wouldn't dampen the spirit of these festivals, averred members of these communities.For the 1,000-odd Gujarati and Marwari families in Kochi, the Navaratri celebrations are associated with lighting up the three temples in Mattancherry. \"We usually decorate our homes during Diwali, and for Navaratri, it's the temples that are illuminated. We will definitely follow any KSEB directive and do without the lights,\" said Ullas Mulraj, a member of the Jain community.The Kannada Sangha members said the directive wouldn't make much of a difference to the celebrations. \"We prefer traditional lamps,\" said Srikant Anavathi, a representative of the Sangha. M H Naidu, secretary of the Andhra cultural association, said the directive wouldn't affect them because they do not light up their buildings during the festivals. \"We only decorate the little temple or idol placed inside homes.\" Members of the Bengali community also said power restrictions would not affect their celebrations. ''During Navaratri, we use candles and oil lamps. For other celebrations, we depend on diesel generators,'' a former office barer of the Kerala Banga Samskrithi Sangh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760418", "title": "Chargesheet presented, hearing on October 23", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team (SIT), which is investigating the violence at the Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant on July 18, has presented a chargesheet against 145 accused on Wednesday. The investigating agency will file the chargesheet in two days. The next hearing in the case is scheduled to be held on October 23.\"We have presented chargesheet against 145 accused on Wednesday. After being checked by legal experts, it will be filed in court within the next two days,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (South-East) and supervising officer of SIT.However, the DCP refrained himself from revealing the charges framed against the accused. \"The chargesheet has around 3,000 pages in it and contains accounts of 200 witnesses,\" said the DCP.Police have named around 149 accused. An FIR in the case was lodged under Sections 147, 148, 149, 302, 307, 436, 427, 452, 332, 332, 353 and 114 of the Indian Penal Code. The FIR was lodged against 55 persons as by names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759655", "title": "Defence Colony heist: Lawyer arrested for hiding loot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The roll of accused in the Defence Colony heist case grew to 11 on Tuesday with the arrest of a woman lawyer from west Delhi on the disclosure of key accused Deepak Sharma. Police said Jyoti Batra, who practises at the Rohini court, was held for possessing the Rs 80 lakh that was Deepak's share of the loot.Deepak, brother of heist mastermind Hari Kishan Sharma, was the first to be arrested in the case. However, instead of disclosing where he had hidden his share, he had led police to his brother's share of Rs 1.51 crore. He finally told police about his share when he was questioned in remand.DCP south Chhaya Sharma said Jyoti Batra had started her independent practice only a few years ago. \"Batra did her graduation from Lloyd Law College in Greater Noida in 2007. She was Deepak's lawyer in a case of murder registered in the RK Puram area in 2005. She became friendly with him, and he visited her house often, treating her like an elder sister,\" she said.The DCP said Deepak told police on Tuesday that he had given a bag containing the cash to Jyoti, who lives in Raghubir Nagar. A raid led to the recovery of the bag he used and Rs 70 lakh cash from her house and office in Chanakya Place.Addl DCP south PS Kushwah said Jyoti had given Rs 10 lakh to her college friend Pawan Sharma for safekeeping. They raided his house in the Mandawali area of east Delhi, and found the cash. \"Batra had cooked up a story about facing income tax problems and asked Pawan to keep the cash at his house,\" he said.Officials said Batra will be booked for criminal conspiracy, receiving stolen property, and other charges as the investigation progresses.With the latest seizure, police have recovered around Rs 3.4 crore of the Rs 5.25 crore robbed. The remaining Rs 2 crore is believed to be with the final two suspects, Ranjeet Rumal and Yogesh, who are at large.Kushwah said various teams of south district are working to arrest the others. Technical and local surveillance is being maintained and various places have been raided in Kolkata and Mumbai, but without success so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760357", "title": "Case filed against cop, 2 kin in dowry death", "text": "BHOPAL: A case of dowry death was registered against SAF constable and two of his family members on Wednesday. The constable, Lokesh Kannojia's wife allegedly committed suicide on October 4.A 24-year-old Sushma was found dead at her Kolipura residence in Jehangirabad. The police registered a case against Lokesh, brother-in-law Mukesh and mother-in-law Sheela. The deceased was married to Lokesh a few months ago.It has been ascertained that her husband and his family members were pressurizing her for dowry, which forced her to take the extreme step, the police added.The woman's family that resides in Ibrahimganj area of old city levelled charges of dowry and harassment against Kannojia and his family.The husband had gone missing from the spot after the incident. However, he later appeared before the police and said he went out of the house after a fight with her wife.Police said deceased's husband had already been taken into custody. Efforts are on to nab the remaining two accused, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761539", "title": "Kolkata Port Trust report 'unilateral', say Haldia dock officials", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee may have said on Tuesday that everything is fine at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), but nothing can be further from the truth.For over a fortnight now, the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has been losing revenue of nearly Rs 22 lakh everyday as Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd has suspended operations at berths 2 and 8.Nearly a third of the total bulk cargo that reaches HDC was handled at these two berths alone. The royalty earned by KoPT from these berths was also much higher. For every tonne of cargo handled at these berths, KoPT would receive Rs 150 as royalty. From the other berths, the royalty earned is Rs 50 per tonne.\"From the handling of dry bulk cargo at the other berths, KoPT earns only about Rs 14 lakh per day. This means that KoPT is losing a major chunk of its revenue from dry bulk cargo due to suspension of operations by HBT. It is nothing but an \"ostrich\" mentality to say that everything is fine at HDC. An important stakeholder like the state government, instead of trying to convince HBT to see reason, seems to be pushing its head under the ground in the false hope that its presence is not visible to others. This is the first time that such a crisis has erupted at HDC. It is sending out a very wrong message to the rest of the country,\" a KoPT official said.On Monday, the committee set up by KoPT to suggest measures to resolve the ongoing crisis at HDC, submitted its report. But on Tuesday, HBT claimed that the recommendations were unilateral and the matter had not been discussed with it. It was indicated by officials that the recommendations wouldn't help to change its decision.\"The environment to resume work at berths 2 and 8 is not conducive. Until this happens, we are not in a position to resume operations,\" HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi had said.The first bone of contention today is the fate of 275 workers who were retrenched by HBT in September. Workers' unions at HDC have made it clear that they won't stand in the way of HBT's resumption of operations if it agrees to reinstate the men. In its recommendations, the KoPT committee also stated that HBT should reinstate the workers as a first step towards resolving the crisis. Till Wednesday evening, there wasn't any indication from HBT that it was considering this recommendation.\"It is incorrect of HBT to say that the recommendations were unilateral. We met all stakeholders and these recommendations were made taking all aspects into consideration,\" said D Nayak, manager (shipping), HDC. KoPT chairman in charge Manish Jain also said, \"On several occasions we have appealed to all stakeholders, including HBT to co-operate with us to tide over the recessionary period that is under way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760907", "title": "Man arrested for killing wife", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old Nepali national allegedly killed his wife at a guest house in Gorhe Budruk in Haveli taluka in Pune district on Tuesday early morning.Sub-inspector Bajrang Kapse said that the suspect, Vinod Bhandari, and his wife Talashi (25) were residing in a room at the guest house, where Bhandari works as a cook.According to Kapse, the relations between the couple, who had married around three years ago, had turned sour as Bhandari suspected Talashi of infidelity.On Tuesday at around 1.30 am an argument broke out between the duo over some issue and Bhandari killed her with a sharp weapon.He was about to escape, but a police team reached in time, following a tip-off from Bhandari's landlord, Balasaheb Jawalkar, and arrested him on murder charges, Kapse added.A magisterial court has sent Bhandari in police custody remand till October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759354", "title": "Activists help rescue parakeets from shops", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of eco activists along with forest officials raided pet shops in Oindipudur and rescued three pairs of rose ringed parakeets from a shop that was operating as a haircut salon. The birds were rescued and released while two people from the shop were fined for selling native species of birds, not permitted under the Wild Life Protection Act norms.The raid was conducted on the basis of a tip off. that native species of birds were being illegally sold in Oindipudur and Singanallur localities in the city.The information was passed on to Coimbatore forest division officials on Wednesday. An officer was deputed with environmentalists and they started visiting the pet shops in the identified localities. Some of the shops were selling exotic varieties of birds and other pets. However, the native rose ringed parakeets were surprisingly found at a salon and haircut shop also reportedly dealing in birds.\" It was a haircut shop but the birds were found inside the room. Forest department officials fined two people who were selling these birds through the shop ,\" said R Mohammed Saleem, President Environment Conservation Group.The activists also asked the forest officials to nab the people responsible for capturing and supplying these birds to the pet shops in Coimbatore.\"Unless and until the main suppliers are caught there will be no major change in the situation ,\" said N I Jalaludin, president, Nature Conservation Society.Rose ringed parakeets are classified under schedule IV of Wild Life Protection Act 1972 and cannot be neither caged nor sold in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760366", "title": "Fire breaks out in BHEL's transformer testing block", "text": "BHOPAL: A major fire broke out in the testing area of transformer block (block no 3) of the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) around 10 am on Wednesday. The fire that broke out after a deafening blast led to a thick envelope of smoke that led to panic among the workers.The BHEL management has ordered an inquiry into the incident which will also ascertain the cause of the fire and the extent of damage.Thick black smoke continued to billow from the factory for an hour and a half as a dozen fire tenders tried to douse the flames. There were no casualties and the damage is being estimated said a BHEL spokesperson.Sources said that the fire broke out while testing of a transformer was in progress. All the employees inside the premises were evacuated almost immediately after the fire broke out.An eyewitness told TOI, \"The building caught fire after a transformer on test blasted.\"The eyewitness, an employee, who was present inside the factory explained, \"I heard a blast and then saw flames. My fellow workers and I were ordered to move out of the block for safety immediately. There must have been about 800 employees in block number 3 when the incident took place in the morning.\"Another employee who was present in the testing area of transformer block (number 3) when the incident took place said,\"A tube connects a huge oil tank with the transformers which are placed for testing near it. There was a blast in the coil due to short circuit and which triggered a fire in the transformer and then the oil tank\".\"In fact the oil stored inside the transformer further spread the fire,\" he said.According to an official release issued by BHEL, fire brigade of CISF, BHEL, fire tenders of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) and Bhopal Airport were pressed into service. The fire was extinguished at 2 pm.The thick black cloud of smoke from the factory could be seen from a 5-km radius. Though there was no casualty, a CISF worker was injured while trying put down the flames. They have been admitted to the nearby Kasturba Hospital and are safe, the official release added.BHEL spokesperson Sanjay Kak said, \"It is fortunate that there was not casualty or major injury. An enquiry committee consisting of BHEL officials has been set up to probe the cause of fire and ascertain the losses.\"Kak confirmed, \"The incident happened during testing of a transformer. There must be hardly ten workers during testing. Probably a short circuit triggered fire; exact reasons will be ascertained after the committee submits the investigation report.\"Contrarily, he admitted, \"A CISF (central industrial security force) jawan was hurt while he was trying to extinguish fire as he slipped and fell. He has sustained minor injuries and is admitted in Kasturba Hospital for treatment.\"The transformer testing has been cordoned off and temporarily closed for any activity, the release added.This is the second incident of major fire in BHEL in the last decade. A major fire broke out in early 2000 gutting the office of the executive director and general managers at the third floor of the administrative block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762400", "title": "Sharmila may take up YSR Congress reins", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is most likely that Sharmila, the sister of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, may take up the reins of the party. At a meeting on Wednesday, party leaders decided that a final call on who would lead the party temporarily, would be taken on Thursday when they would chalk out their next phase of agitation.The party is said to be undecided as to whether their 'new leader' should embark on a padayatra or a rathyatra on the lines of the Odarpu Yatra undertaken by Jagan. A final decision is slated to be taken after party's honorary president Vijayamma, Sharmila and Jagan's wife Bharati meet him at Chanchalguda jail, where he is being lodged, on Thursday.Leaders at Wednesday's meeting agreed that a mass contact programme has to be launched to strengthen the party in Jagan's absence.However, there was no consensus on whether it should be a padayatra like the one undertaken by YS Rajashekara Reddy in 2003 from Chevella in Rangareddy district, or whether to go for something akin to Jagan's 'Odarpu Yatra'.\"It is certain that a YSR family member would lead the yatra. It is to be decided whether it is Sharmila or Vijayamma. Party leaders have debated the issue while considering certain practical matters including Vijayamam's health. However, primarily the party has to figure out whether it is a padayatra or a rathyatra; the political affairs committee (PAC) will take a final call on this on Thursday,\" said senior party leader MV Mysoora Reddy.While the party's media release said the political affairs committee meeting was scheduled for Thursday afternoon, sources said the final decision would be in accordance with guidance from Jagan.\"As party president, Jagan is monitoring the affairs and we will update him about the PAC discussions before a final decision is taken,\" party MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759987", "title": "FAR for motels up by over 11 times", "text": "NEW DELHI: The DDA has given motels in Delhi a more than 11 times hike in FAR( floor area ratio) \u2014 it has been increased to 175 from 15. The bonanza was announced at the recent Delhi Development Authority meeting which gave an in-principle approval for the enhancement in FAR of motels with sanctioned building plans as on February 7, 2007, and located in commercial areas or the proposed facility corridor in zonal development plans.A number of these motels are located in Zone J, covering MG Road, Chhatarpur and the area near IGI. Some are in Alipur (north Delhi) and on GT Karnal Road. The plan has already gone through the stage of public notice and hearing of objections and is now just waiting for a final nod from the urban development ministry.\"Objections and suggestions received were placed before the board of inquiry and hearing at the meeting held on August 29, 2012, and after considering all aspects, the board recommended amendments in the text of the proposed modifications in the public notice,'' said sources.Sources said about 146 motels were likely to benefit from this move. Additional charges would be levied for the additional FAR. The proposal had been first mooted for creating additional rooms required for accommodating foreign tourists expected for Commonwealth Games in 2010. However, it remained pending in the UD ministry till May 2012.The motel owners will have to adhere to prescribed norms. \"While an FAR ceiling of 175 as applicable to a plot area of one hectare may be allowed to the eligible motels, the rest of the plot area may be utilized for other permissible activities. Motel owners will have to provide infrastructure facilities, such as water, power supply, sewerage, drainage, traffic circulation etc at their own cost till the same is made available in normal course by the service providing agents,'' said DDA officials.\"They will also have to pay the external development charges, including provision of linking road with adequate ROW as demanded by the agencies concerned. Disposal of waste will be the responsibility of the motel owner and the net pollution discharge from the motels should be zero,'' said DDA officials.Motels offering budget accommodation to travellers were allowed in the rural use zone/green belt under MPD-2001 with FAR of 15 and were defined as a 'place for motorists to stay'. However, according to the provisions of MPD-2021, motels are not allowed in the green belt and the proposed urban extension area because of the pressure on rural land. Sources said the ministry had received several requests from the Motels Welfare Association, Delhi Motel Association and Hotel and Motel Association of Delhi to modify the provisions of MPD-2021 to allow motels a higher FAR and increased ground coverage and put them on an equal footing with hotels.Urban planner and architect Sudhir Vohra said: \"This 12-fold increase in FAR is very unusual, especially since MPD-2021 had rejected the concept of motels and no new motels have been sanctioned after February 2007. This obviously is designed to favour a chosen few existing motels.''Jitinder Singh Kochchar, a non-official member of DDA, however, said that the way population was increasing, higher FAR for motels was required. \"The motel owners have to fulfill several tough norms before they can avail the enhanced FAR. They can be used as venues for holding weddings and functions also which take place in farmhouses that lead to traffic problems and congestion,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759417", "title": "Anil Kumble will head ICC's Technical Committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Indian captain Anil Kumble will be the next chairman of the ICC's Technical Committee. The much-feted legend succeeds former West Indies captain Clive Lloyd . According to ICC sources, the decision was taken in the executive committee meeting held in Colombo on Tuesday. \"He has been made the chairman of the technical committee,\" a source confirmed to TOI on Wednesday. Kumble will be the second Indian to take on this mantle, Sunil Gavaskar being the first one.Kumble was chairing the National Cricket Academy (NCA) in Bangalore before resigning from the post last year. Last month, he was appointed the chairman of the BCCI's Technical Committee during the board's AGM in Mumbai where he replaced another former Indian captain, Sourav Ganguly . Sources informed that Kumble will keep heading BCCI's panel even after taking over the ICC committee.The former leg-spinner, India's leading Test and one-day wicket-taker, is also the president of the Karnataka State Cricket Association and a mentor of IPL team - Royal Challenger Bangalore. \"Kumble's name was always on the cards because of his wealth of experience. He was BCCI's choice and he plays important roles in the cricket affairs in his state and country,\" the source added.Kumble also played a key role in readying the revamp roadmap for Indian domestic structure which have already been introduced by the board. Some of the ideas which have led to major changes in the way domestic games are played were actually initiated by him.Llyod had succeeded Gavaskar in 2008 after the latter left the job on a controversial note. Gavaskar and ICC had a spat over his role as a TV commentator which the world body thought was causing 'conflict of interest.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760633", "title": "Tamil National Alliance delegation to hold talks with PM, Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the deadlock in the reconciliation talks continues in Sri Lanka, a seven-member delegation of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA), led by R Sampanthan, arrived in Delhi on Wednesday at the invitation of foreign minister S M Krishna. The TNA had pulled out of talks in January after the Lankan government came up with the proposal that further negotiations be carried out through a Parliament Select Committee (PSC).President Mahinda Rajapaksa has declared that the talks - of which 18 rounds had taken place before January -- will remain suspended until the TNA joins PSC. India took up the issue with the Lankans during Rajapaksa's recent visit to Delhi, insisting that talks must resume, and described TNA as a credible alliance.The delegation is expected to call on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Krishna. \"They will also exchange views with national security adviser Shivshankar Menon and foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.\"India has been involved in a substantial manner in rehabilitation and resettlement efforts of internally displaced persons and the reconstruction process in northern Sri Lanka. It has been widely acknowledged that our assistance in Sri Lanka in the areas of housing, de-mining, education, public health and connectivity has helped restore a degree of normalcy in the area,'' Akbaruddin said.\"The visit is part of our continuing engagement with the government and political parties in Sri Lanka in regard to the process of reconciliation and meaningful devolution through which Sri Lanka seeks to secure for all its citizens a future marked by equality, dignity, justice and self-respect,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761293", "title": "Conmen selling foreign education dreams for a price", "text": "JAIPUR: They pose as coaching institute teachers, career counsellors and education consultants. They target unemployed youths and sell the idea of getting a good education from countries like UK, France and Canada . Then they ask for a hefty amount and disappear with it.Various parts of the state including Jaipur, Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Jodhpur are becoming a hot bed of these fraudsters who target graduates and undergraduates seeking admission in foreign universities. A lacklustre response from police in taking these cases to prosecution and tendency of parents having too much expectations from their children are the reasons why these conmen are getting away with this crime.According to police, one such case was of Richa Sharma (name changed) who was preparing for MBA entrance exam from a coaching institute at Lal Kothi in the city. A teacher, identified as Satendra Kumar, came to the institute as a member of Mathematics faculty and took merely two classes on September 14, 2011 and on September 21, 2011. Later, he told the parents of the said girl that she has the potential to get a degree from a reputed university in France. Later, after winning confidence of the retired father of the girl, the accused took a money of Rs 58 lakh.\"The parents initially attempted to recover their money and tried to speak to the teacher. After they failed they lodged a case of cheating against him on October 6 at the police station,\" said a senior officer of Lal Kothi police station.The victims of these cases usually come to the police after all attempts to recover their money go in vain.\"In most of these cases the victims attempt to recover money on their own. After facing rejection, they approach us,\" said a senior police officer.The institutions promising degrees varying from MBA to MTech from universities abroad are not only mushrooming in Jaipur but also in various parts of the state including Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Alwar and Jodhpur. Police officers investigating such cases said that most of these institutes are by and large genuine and are into the business of making money through coaching but they don't verify the credentials of the teachers they hire.\"We had issued directions to the owners of coaching institutes to go for verification of these teachers. In some of the cases registered at Sadar, Lal Kothi and Jyoti Nagar police station, it was found that there were fraudsters in the faculty of the coaching institutes,\" an officer added.On the other hand, Jaipur has witnessed a case where the directors of an educational trust duped a youth of Rs 6.5 lakh in lieu of providing a diploma in hotel management in London and also a chance to work there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16760819", "title": "Ahmedabad: Runaway teen lovers traced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A case of teen love which had flummoxed the city's cops has been solved. The lovers - who went missing from home about 10 days ago - were tracked down to Mysore.A 17-year-old boy, Amit, and his 14-year-old girlfriend Rekha had eloped from home on September 29. The boy was booked for eloping with a minor girl. Inspector of Navrangpura police station, P M Sarvaiya said: \"The accused boy is a minor and the court sent him to an observation home in Khanpur.\" The boy has been granted bail. The couple was brought back to the city on Wednesday.The love story began at home. \"They stay in the same high-rise building in Naranpura,\" said a Navrangpura police official. \"The boy has cleared standard X and is now a student of diploma engineering. The girl studies in standard IX.\"On September 29, Rekha went to attend tuition classes in Navrangpura. She, however, failed to return home. When her mother called on her mobile phone, it was switched off.\"The girl's family had suspected that she was romantically involved with the boy,\" said a Navrangpura police station official. \"The girl had been pulled up in the past on this matter. The girl's parents rushed to the boy's home only to find that he too was missing.\" When they tried calling him on his mobile phone, it too was switched off. \"A complaint of elopement was then registered against the boy by the girl's parents at the Navrangpura police station,\" the official said.Cops put both mobile phones under observation. But this angle of probe did not work. \"The problem was that both the mobiles had been switched off and were never activated,\" said an investigator.Keeping a step ahead of copsAhmedabad: The teen lovers could be traced primarily because they never cut off communication with their parents. \"Every second day they called their parents and told them that they were okay,\" said a Navrangpura police station official. \"But they never revealed their location. On Monday, when the duo called home, their parents assured them that they would not be punished if they returned home immediately. The young lovers finally let their location be known.\"A team of police along with the parents went to Mysore and brought the couple to the Navrangpura police station.Since they had read in newspapers that police use mobile phones to track abductors and criminals, they had kept their phones switched off. While fleeing, Rekha and Amit had taken out their SIM cards and destroyed them. This had made them traceless.At the police station, both were apologetic and cried before the cops and parents. \"They accepted that they had done wrong,\" a police official said. \"When we asked them why they had eloped, the duo revealed that Rekha's mother had scolded her after reading some of the boy's text messages. She had also threatened to confiscate Rekha's mobile phone.\" Fearing that the problem would only intensify and that they would not be able to even talk to each other, they decided to elope. \"They had taken their personal savings for their escape - the boy had Rs 1,200 and the girl 6,000,\" the official said.'Responsible lovebirds'The girl underwent a medical check-up on Wednesday. \"Following the usual procedure, we sent the girl for a medical examination,\" said a Navrangpura police official. \"The examination revealed that there had been no physical intimacy between the lovers. Usually in such cases, we have to book the boy for raping his minor girlfriend. But, fortunately, these two lovers had acted responsibly.\"(Names have been changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762706", "title": "'Financial crisis causing depression'", "text": "MYSORE: Economical crisis in the world is one of the main reasons for depression among the people, said Holds Worth Memorial College of Nursing principal Shylaja Krupanidhi on Wednesday.During the inaugural of World Mental Health Day celebrations at JSS College of Nursing, she said people are moving from need-based life to greed-based life, resulting in depression. Uncertainties, reduced income and unemployment also lead to depression among many people. It is time to create awareness and support those who suffer from this problem, she added.JSS Medical College and Hospital associate professor Dushad Ram said people have to support the \"depressed souls\" rather than underestimating them.The problem of depression is high among youth. And 80 per cent of those who have attempted suicide say that sharing their problems with their dear ones could have helped them to get out of depression, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760372", "title": "Shamim breezes to 64 in first round of BILT open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beware of the wind, the genial Mithun Perera had warned a day before the BILT Open. The word should have specifically been 'Shamim'. The Arabic translation for the name is 'sweet fragrant breeze', and that was what enveloped the Delhi Golf Club in the morning. Shamim Khan's sweet putter did most of the work, sinking 12 to 25 footers to seal six birdies and an eagle in an 8-under 64 round on his home course.His short game was impeccable, and the man known for his consistency and easy smile put it down to practice. \"I've recently had problems with short putts but today was different because I have been working on my wrist movement.\"I played some good chip shots too,\" he added. His chip-in on the 10th and chip to 3 feet on the 8th were testimonies to that fact.Having won two titles on the domestic tour this season, he was high on confidence. And the familiar conditions of the home course provided a further boost. \"I know this course well, so I'll look to drive home the advantage over the next three rounds.\"He has little breathing space though, as another DGC pro made an afternoon charge in the Rs 1 crore event with a 7-under 65. Rashid Khan ironically flashed a smile when he failed to sink a two-footer in the Crompton Greaves playoff against winner Harendra Gupta last week. He has learnt about the vagaries of golf, and was up on his feet again, seizing control over the par-five holes.On the 8th, his 3-wood second shot was within 10 feet of the hole and he duly obliged with an eagle. On another occasion, his putter was hot when he sunk a birdie from 40 ft on the par-4 2nd hole.Patna's Md Islam, who formerly excelled in volleyball, was in third place with a 67, while leader Shamim's elder brother Gulfam - Pappan to his mates - made it a family affair, having tied for fourth place at 68 with Arshpreet Thind.Jyoti Randhawa was in the running, tied sixth at 69 but defending champion Chiragh Kumar and Panasonic Open winner Digvijay Singh disappointed with overpar rounds.Leading Day 1 scores: 64 (8-under)-Shamim Khan; 65-Rashid Khan; 67-Md Islam; 68-Gulfam, Arshpreet Thind; 69-Rajesh Kumar Rawat, Ranjit Singh Rathore, Abhinav Lohan, Randhir Singh Ghotra, Shankar Das, Jyoti Randhawa, Manav Jaini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16760105", "title": "'Work on new Mapusa bus stand to begin by year end'", "text": "Mapusa: Urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza has said that construction of a new bus stand at Mapusa is at the planning stage and that the actual ground work is likely to begin by the end of the year. Presently, the Mapusa KTC bus stand is in a pathetic condition with poor facilities and garbage dumped all over the place.The government has acquired 20,000 sq m of land adjacent to the present bus stand for the construction of the new bus stand. \"Presently, we are at the planning stage which should be completed within a month's time. Then we will be going for the tendering,\" the urban development minister said.The Mapusa KTC bus stand is in a bad shape with mounds of garbage everywhere and the place being used as an open air urinal. The drains are not functioning, some of the hotels located in the bus stand release sewage in the open and there is no proper garbage disposal system.The bus stand roughly caters to around 500 buses. These include local, private, KTC, inter-state private and state owned Karnataka and Maharashtra buses. The interstate buses entering Mapusa city also cause inconvenience as there is no separate bus stand for them. During peak hours, a large number of buses crowd the stand as buses leaving for various destinations move at a snail's pace.The construction of the new bus stand will solve another major problem plaguing the city, that is of parking. D'Souza said that once the new bus stand is constructed, the present bus stand space of 10,000 sq m will be used as a parking lot. \"Once we get this land of 10,000 sq m, we propose a multi-storied parking project which will give 25,000 sq m of floor area,\" he said. D'Souza said that the parking problem will be resolved by 80% once the new multistoried parking project is constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759680", "title": "HC: Power of attorney holder can file plaint", "text": "NAGPUR: In a significant observation, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has stated that even a power of attorney holder can file a complaint in the cheque bounce cases. \"Filing of a complaint by a power of attorney is not just permissible but is competent. The power of attorney holder who is duly and properly authorized to do so can file complaint under section 142 of Negotiable Instruments Act towards dishonour of cheque for offence under section 138,\" a single-judge bench of Justice AR Joshi observed while upholding the trial court verdict.Rajkumar Sahajwani was acting as power of attorney holder on behalf of his petitioner wife Jyoti who was proprietor of Saibaba Investment having its office at Jaripatka in the city. The firm was engaged in the business of sale and purchase of shares and securities. Various transactions of sale and purchase of shares, debentures and securities were entered into between the firm and respondent Sadhu Manjwani between February 1995 and March 1996.The outstanding amount against Manjwani was Rs4.46 lakh. The firm then entered into mutual agreement with him for clearing their dues. Accordingly, Manjwani handed over a cheque bearing number 095789 of Rs1.46 lakh to the firm on April 5, 1996. He also agreed to sale his house to the firm for about Rs3.2 lakh towards payment of dues. Both parties also inked an agreement to sale on stamp papers.However, the cheque was dishonoured and returned unpaid with endorsement 'payment stopped by the drawer'. The firm owners then issued a demand notice to Manjwani but he replied to it denying any transactions and also handing over the cheque to Sahajwanis. Though he admitted to having his signatures on the cheque, he claimed that it was lost on January 15, 1996 and had intimated to the bank on the same day with the instruction to stop payment for the lost cheque.Sahajwani then lodged a complaint in the capacity of power of attorney holder under NI Act in the sessions court which was dismissed on the point of non-maintainability of the complaint for want of authorization from the sole proprietor of Saibaba Investments - Jyoti Sahajwani - who was payee of the cheque. He then challenged this judgment in the high court, but it was also dismissed as the petitioner failed to provide other documents apart from power of attorney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16760187", "title": "There's no such thing as sustainable mining", "text": "There are two words---development and sustainability--- frequently used by a class of exploiters in our society, especially from among the politicians and business houses. Whether it is the 2 G scam, Coalgate or the Commonwealth Games , they all ended up exposing mega scams. All through the genesis and the generation of these projects, including the loot and plunder of our public exchequer and our environment, those in charge got away with this by claiming it was in \"public interest\".None of us ever dare to ask questions like 'For whose development?' 'At whose cost?' 'Sustainable for whom?' 'Which peoples' interest?'No doubt in India, corruption, disparity, poverty, inequality and exploitation are leaving over one third of our population below the poverty line. Yet, India and Goa boast of the world's richest businessmen, wealthy film stars or cricketers and an \"exemplary\" mining lobby.In Goa, we have let ourselves and our resources be exploited and used for the development and sustainability of a few who have plundered, raped and destroyed mother Goa and its people for \"sectoral gains\" in their own interest at the cost of the people.Today, sustainability as a term, is either misunderstood or purposely misconstrued to favour vested interests. Sustainability centres around carrying capacity. For an activity to be sustainable, there ought to be both generation and utility of the product or activity for an unlimited period of time. For instance, in the sea, over 80,00,000 tonnes of bio-prodcutivity takes place annually. This algal growth due to photosynthesis and solar energy is able to sustain the growth of 80,000 tonnes of fish in Goan waters. Hence, if we wish to remain within sustainable limits, we ought to keep our fishing activity to harvest about 65,000 tonnes. This would account for natural mortality replenishment, breeding and regeneration.If we exploit fish over 80,000 tonnes, we would slowly face a fish famine, as our exploitation of fish is over the amount of regeneration, leading to a disastrous scarcity.The term sustainability has been used in environmental sciences for over 40 years by us in our teaching and learning approaches. A sustainable approach leads to \"holistic development\" of a society and improved quality of life for the society as a whole.Sstainable tourism was a concept developed to understand the quantum of tourist load which can be accepted in a state, which would be able to usher in holistic development and improve the life of the society at large.Unfortunately, in Goa, tourism is unscientific and unsustainable. Can you milk a cow and poorly feed it? You will starve the cow to death as exploitation of the animal is beyond sustainable limits. In Goa, tourism is promoted in an unsustainable manner. A few stakeholders benefit, leaving the tourists to generate sewage, garbage , market scarcity, price rise, infrastructure-load while the locals face an increase in crime, epidemics due to growing unhygienic conditions, the burden of inflation and a poor quality of life. Hence, sustainability centres around inputs, which translate into outputs. To make tourism sustainable, Goa must quantify the load, the social costs and the exact cost-to-benefit ratio which is optimally sustainable. Can a tree produce fruits without manure and irrigation?Moving further, we have a few who also describe mining as a sustainable activity. There are a few scientists who can be \"used\" to fabricate environment assessment reports which claim ore extraction is a sustainable venture. Can iron ore or any metal extracted from the bowels of the earth ever be replaced? Some resources are non-renewable and finite. Unlike sunlight or solar energy which produces cellulose, metals in our earth are non-replenishable. Iron ore in Goan hills serves as an aquifer, purifies water and supplies mineral water for eternity. However, mining only depletes iron ore, water supply, destroys hills, pastures and grazing hilly grounds, pollutes streams, silts lakes, water bodies and catalyses diseases and leads to a poor quality of life.There is nothing called sustainable mining but a \"parasitic\" extraction of ore. Indeed, mining sustains \"a few parasites\" or exploiters of ore. Marginally, the society may be seen as a stakeholder for a limited and finite period of time. For every person considered to benefit there would be one hundred people who have to pay the cost of \"parasitic mining\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759772", "title": "Gold, jewels worth Rs 1.80 crore seized by GRP on Vidarbha Express", "text": "NAGPUR: A team of Government Railway Police (GRP) intercepted two consignments of valuables worth around Rs1.80 crore from Vidarbha Express on Wednesday. The consignments, mostly comprising gold biscuits and diamonds, were being taken by representatives of Gandhibagh-based Khandelwal Logistics courier in the S-8 coach of the Nagpur-bound train.It is learnt that the GRP's local crime branch team received information about the consignment reaching Nagpur and meant for traders in different parts of Vidarbha. Two courier men, identified as Sham Bankwal and Prashant Dighe, were found carrying the two bags.During searches, Bankwal was found to be carrying valuables worth around Rs37 lakh while Dighe was carrying material costing around Rs1.43 crore. The police team took the duo to Nagpur GRP police station and seized the material, as they could not produce relevant documents related to the consignments. It is suspected that the valuables had been sent through illegal hawala channels.Apart from police, officials from income tax , sales tax and octroi too reached the place to question the duo. Members of the local jewellers' associations too had reached the police station. A LCB team under Senior PI Raja Pawar conducted the operation under additional superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Prakash Jadhav, who is holding charge of SP, Nagpur GRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759550", "title": "Probe into how Varsha Bhosle got the pistol", "text": "MUMBAI: The probe into the suicide of Varsha Bhosle, the 56-year-old daughter of singer Asha Bhosle , is now hinged on the gun with which she shot herself. \"We are investigating who had the gun before it reached Varsha,\" said a senior police officer.On Tuesday, \"Ashaji said the gun belonged to her. But it had been stolen around 30-35 years ago and she had informed the police. She said she didn't know where it had been all these years\", said Krishna Prakash, additional commissioner of police, south region.An officer attached to the probe said if Varsha, who was suffering from acute depression, had the gun all this while, she could have used it in the past. Varsha had attempted suicide twice before. \"Why did she use it now?\" wondered the officer. The gun and the bullets have been sent for forensic test to find out if it had been used in the past. The fingerprint section is also on the job.Varsha's acquaintances are still struggling to come to terms with her death. \"Varsha was almost like Ashaji. She was a happy- go-lucky girl,\" said Rajesh Roshan made her sing in Lootmaar.Fellow columnist Dilip D'Souza added: \"We had strong disagreements but those were in our columns. Never in our personal meetings and email exchange, in which she was invariably affectionate. I wasn't Varsha's close friend but had a mutual respect and I think we understood each other. Only now after she is so tragically gone, I am coming to understand the depth of that understanding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16760680", "title": "University of Pune senate likely to discuss leave encashment, MPU Act", "text": "DONEPUNE: The proposed Maharashtra Public Universities (MPU) Act, encashment of earned leave and irregular functioning of the boards of studies (BoS) under various faculties are some of the key issues that are likely to dominate discussions at the University of Pune's (UoP) senate meeting to be held on October 13.A section of UoP senate members have said that the university administration has been rather slow in pushing through its viewpoint on the proposed MPU Act and is doing little to address their genuine concerns.This is after a specially convened joint meeting of the senate, management and academic council on May 26 had come out strongly against the proposed MPU Act. \"We are simply in the dark as to whether the UoP's feedback on the proposed act has been taken note off by the powers that be in the state government,\" said senate member Milind Wagh.Wagh, who has raised questions related to the issue for the impending senate meeting, pointed out that the UoP has submitted its feedback to the government long after the deadline was over.It may be noted, a draft of the MPU Act is currently being examined by a multi-member expert committee following which a legislative bill is expected to be tabled in the state assembly. The government had earlier appointed a 10-member panel under former UGC chairman Arun Nigavekar to suggest comprehensive reforms in the acts governing the state universities.In its report submitted in November last year, the Nigavekar panel had proposed replacement of the existing Maharashtra Universities Act of 1994 with the MPU Act and a draft of the same was also given to the government. The state universities were then told to submit their feedback on the same.After the May 26 meeting, vice chancellor of UoP W N Gade had constituted a five-member committee under former acting VC Arun Adsool to furnish a feedback report on the MPU Act for forwarding the same to the government.Among other things, the MPU Act, 2011, seeks to replace the senates in the state universities with a new concept called the Society Partnership Council (SOUL), which will have 45 prominent representatives from different walks of life - half of these will be nominated members.As such, the overall composition of SOUL will be far less than the 100-odd member strength of the existing senate bodies. It also recommended amalgamation of faculty; restructuring of board of studies and setting up of an overarching body called 'MAHED' for regulating all the state universities.The Adsool panel, which submitted its report to the UoP on June 12, had rejected several key recommendations made by the Nigavekar committee. It opposed replacement of statutory bodies like senate, management and academic councils on the grounds that the same was not a workable solution. The recommendation of MAHED, which will have sweeping regulatory powers, will reduce the varsity's statutory bodies to virtual non-entities, the panel said.Meanwhile, the UoP has conceded that at least 24 BoS for various subjects did not meet even once during academic year 2011-12. The BoS are vital bodies under the varsity faculties and are mandated with the key task of revising syllabus and pushing examination reforms. A senate member, who did not wish to be named, said, \"In many cases, the BoS members have met for purpose like election but have neglected real academic matters. This only shows that they are interested in holding on to their posts. Many meetings could not be held because the new BoS were not constituted. This is usually the route taken by members of outgoing BoS to get themselves re-nominated by ensuring that a new BoS is not constituted.\"Encashment of earned leave is another issue that has been hanging in the balance for the last three years ever since the state government decided that it will not release funds for leave encashment for teachers at aided colleges at the time of their retirement.The UoP is the only state university which has a statute that provides for earned leave encashment at the time of retirement for teachers. Most other state universities have repealed this statute. In the past, the varsity teachers' body had taken the issue up to the Supreme Court, which has ruled that the encashment facility will have to be given as long as the statute exists in the UoP system. In the past, the then VC Narendra Jadhav tried unsuccessfully to get the controversial statute repealed but his action was opposed by senate members. At the last senate meeting, yet another proposal was moved to repeal the statute but the matter was then referred back to the UoP management council. The impending senate meeting is set to discuss the issue afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759704", "title": "A new orange revolution on cards", "text": "NAGPUR: After 20 years of persistent research, city-based National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) has sown the seeds of a new orange revolution in near future. The Centre has succeeded in increasing the productivity and tolerance to diseases of Nagpur orange or mandarin and acid lime manifold by simply replacing the conventionally used root stock of Rangpur lime and rough lemon with an exotic root stock from USA called as Alemow (Citrus macrophylla) during budding/grafting.The process of bringing this change and actual scientific trials took over 18-20 years. \"Alemow is being used worldwide as a root stock for improving productivity of fruits, especially citrus family. Our Centre began work in this direction as an in-house research way back in 1992. The root stock has much superior horticultural characteristics like smaller canopy, higher productivity and better disease tolerance compared to the domestic root stocks,\" said the NRCC director V J Shivankar.The productivity of orange has increased from just 9-10 tonnes/ha to 21 tonnes/ha in orange and from five tonnes/ha to 13 tonnes/ha in acid lime. Both orange and acid lime developed using Alemow root stock also have increased tolerance towards main citrus diseases, especially soil borne diseases like phytophthora fungus, the biggest threat to orange. Right now, the success of technology is also being tested at national level through an All India Coordinated Research Project (AIRCP) on orange by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) in all the citrus growing belts of the country.Principal scientists in horticulture and the project leader of the research R K Sonkar, who was recently honoured with Vidarbha Bhushan award for leading the work, told TOI that the centre was also planning to try the technology on other orange varieties like the Kinno, Khasi and Kurg mandarins if these national level trials yielded good results. \"The technology is not new. World over, Alemow is being used as root stock for many citrus crops. It is being tried in India for the first time. We started experimenting with 12 different root stocks but Alemow turned out to be the best,\" said Sonkar.The other team members involved in the project include A K Srivastava, principal scientist soil, S G Gupta, retired horticulturist, A K Das, senior scientist, plant pathology, and C N Rao, senior scientist entomology.To develop planting material for orange, nurseries use Rangpur lime and rough lemon as root stocks on which the buds of Nagpur orange are put. Both these root stocks have much less yield and are susceptible to diseases. A good root stock provides the grower a useful tool to manipulate the vigour and performance of the orchard. Though even Alemow is not completely resistant to phytophthora, the fungus attack is delayed by many years and is comparatively milder.Also, since the canopy size is reduced with Alemow use, sunlight penetrates the lowest part of the tree and increases fruit bearing ability. This makes the new trees more suitable for 'high density plantation' the technique being promoted for all horticultural crops now. Instead of conventional 6mX6m distance these can be planted at a distance of 6mX4m.Sonkar explained that acid lime was generally grown through seedling but in this technology, budding is used. The production through seedling is just 5 tonnes/ha whereas budding on Alemow root stock increased this yield to 13 tonnes/ha due to vigorous growth that occurs.Some farmers who regularly visit NRCC on their own decided to take up cultivation using Alemow root stock. Bandu Wasankar from Paratwada has tried it successfully. Mohan Tambi in Warud has gone step ahead and imported the root stock from USA for his nursery and is developing planting material from them. Some farmers in Solapur too are trying it. Centre in the long run will try to work on drought tolerance capacity too.S K Srivastava, principal soil scientist, said that the productivity also increased due to very high efficiency of the root stock to take up nutrients from the soil. Except for copper, all other nutrients are absorbed very well by the tree which adds to better fruit size and yield.A juicy futureThe new technique will give a better yield to farmersThe Alemow advantage* Extremely smooth union of bud with root stock with no splitting in the bark that otherwise leads to infections* Tree canopy is smaller (67.3 metre cube) increasing sunlight penetration and increasing yield* Higher disease tolerance capacity to psylla, mites, leaf miner and phytophthora* Suitable for HDP or high density plantation (6mX4m), a tool for increasing productivity per hectare* With HDP yield goes up one and half times* Orange yield per ha increases from 9-10 tonnes/ha to 21 tonnes/ha* Acid lime yield increases from 5 tonnes/ha to 13 tonnes/ha* Very good nutrient uptake results in higher fruit weight and size* Juice content and acidity much higher than seedling acid lime* Average seed count is also less in both orange and acid lime compared to seedling plantation* Overall increased orchard life* Overall increase in survival rate of trees (83.3%)Future plans* To develop planting material for distribution to farmers* Farmers could buy planting material from NRCC after about 5-6 years on commercial basis* To introduce high density plantation (HDP)* Test the drought tolerance capacity of new technology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760886", "title": "Sex racket busted in Pimpri, 15 held", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police on Tuesday evening busted a sex racket by arresting nine call girls and six men near the Pimpri railway station.The agents arrested are Randip Mahato (20) of Jharkhand, Bastimal Bhati (22) of Balewadi, Pushpak Mahato (31) of Chinchwad, Sujitkumar Bakuda (28) of Pimpri, Pratik Joshi (22) of Akurdi and Vijay Sarak (23) of Talegaon Dabhade. The police team was led by senior inspector Mohan Vidhate.Speaking to TOI, Vidhate said he received a tip-off about some men running a sex racket in the city. \"We contacted them on their cell phones through decoy customers,\" he said.The customer called the agents to a spot near railway station. \"Around 6pm, two cars reached the spot. We stopped the vehicles and found nine women and six men travelling in the cars,\" Vidhate said.Seven of the nine women are from West Bengal while the remaining two are from Mumbai. All these women were working as call girls. The arrested men worked for the person who ran the sex racket. \"The main suspect is still at large,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate said Mahato, Bhati, Bakuda, Joshi and Pushpak were working for the main suspect. \"We are verifying the role of Sarak in the racket,\" Vidhate said.The investigating team comprised inspector B Mudiraj, assistant police inspector M M Sawant and police sub-inspector Harishchandra Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761491", "title": "Room hunt to accommodate Mamata's advisers at Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: It's an irony of sorts. They once occupied hallowed seats in Delhi's secretariat buildings from Rail Bhavan, Nirman Bhavan and the like. Now, a search is on to accommodate them at Writers' Buildings.Six Union ministers belonging to the Trinamool Congress had to give up their posts after Trinamool supremo and Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee decided to pull out of UPA-II.Mamata has inducted these senior party leaders in the advisory panel of to help out the different state governments. A hunt is now on to accommodate these former ministers in the state secretariat.Former railway minister Mukul Roy proved lucky. He has already secured a room for himself at the Writers', that too of a minister's, said sources at the state secretariat. Mukul has reportedly been allotted the room of Congress leader and former state irrigation minister Manas Bhuniya. He will advise the state transport department.Sisir Adhikari, who will be advising on matters of the rural development department, was out of this search to get a place at Writers' Buildings. He will instead be accommodated at the Panchayat Bhavan, said officials. The state PWD has reportedly been asked to search for rooms and see if some others of the remaining five Trinamool leaders can be accommodated at Writers Buildings.Some officials, however, said that it was unlikely that Saugata Roy, Sultan Ahmed, Sudip Bandyopadhyay, Dinesh Trivedi and CM Jatua will get rooms in the state secretariat, stating the move as \"irrational\". These former Union ministers-turned-advisers will be advising departments that have been housed outside Writers', these officials said.The confusion over rooms will only add to the dilemma of whose suggestions will department officials go by - the minister of the adviser. There also needs to be constant coordination between the two.According to the panel set up the chief minister, Mukul Roy will be advising the government on matters of transport and Saugata Roy will advise the industries and information technology department. While Sudip Bandyopadhaya will guide urban development department, Dinesh Trivedi, who had earlier resigned as the railway minister to make way for Mukul Roy, will be advising on matters of tourism. Sisir Adhikari has been appointed adviser of the rural development, C M Jatua is the adviser for Sunderban affairs and Sultan Ahmed for minority affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759351", "title": "Woman dupes elderly couple, loots gold chain", "text": "COIMBATORE: An unidentified woman entered the residence of an elderly couple near Irugur railway station in the guise of a travelling herbal medical practitioner and decamped with a six sovereign gold chain after pouring herbal eye drop into their eyes late Tuesday evening.According to police, the accused who appeared to be in her mid thirties entered the house situated on Market Street near Irugur at around five in the evening. She showed some blood pressure measuring device and also some eye drops and offered medical help if they were having bouts of headache and dizziness. As per the statement given to police, the con-woman checked the blood pressure of the victims K Lakshmi ( 65) and her husband Karupannan who lived alone.\"The accused asked Lakshmi to remove her gold chain claiming that the blood pressure reading would be affected if she wore ornaments. Later, she also took the reading of Karuppanan before she started showing them a herbal eye-drop,\" said P Maheswaran, Inspector (Crime), Singanallur Police Station.The elderly couple were then asked to relax while she put some drops of the medicine into their eyes. They were also asked to keep their eyes closed for about 15 minutes. Police claimed that the accused did not rush out of the house immediately but kept on talking to them and then suddenly took the chain and fled. Police have not made any arrest so far but a case has been registered at Singanallur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761885", "title": "Rotary Cochin International to organize cookery contest", "text": "KOCHI: Rotary Cochin International (RCI) will organize a cookery contest, 'RCI - Ruchi Kootu,' on Saturday at hotel Taj Gateway. The contest will be attended by 90 teams fielded by 120 Rotary Clubs in the Rotary district 3201.The objective of the programme is to promote culinary skills among the Rotary fraternity, enhance fellowship and generate a corpus, which will be used exclusively to fund community service projects, said the organizers. The competition, which is going to be held for the first time, will be held annually hereafter.A panel of judges from the industry, including Big Chef Naushad, Sanjay, head chef of Holiday Inn and Rasheed, head chef of Taj Malabar will evaluate the competition, said Rotary Cochin International. The competition is expected to see a participation by over 1,000 Rotarians and their family members, from across the state and outside it. Rotary district 3201 covers Ernakulam, Idukki, Thrissur, Palakkad and Coimbatore districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16762468", "title": "Businessman attacked, robbed of SUV on Delhi-Jaipur highway", "text": "JAIPUR: In a brazen attack on the Jaipur-Delhi national highway, six armed men tried to abduct a businessman before fleeing with his SUV, early on Wednesday.Mohan Singh, who owns mines at Kotputli and Khandela, sustained injuries in the attack but managed to escape before the robbers could tie him up. Singh was returning from one of his mines at Khandela village in Sikar district via Jaipur along with a friend Malaram Gujjar when six men in an Alto armed with guns and knives stopped his SUV near Pawata village at 1.30am. \"They alleged that we hit their vehicle. Since they were coming from Kotputli and we from Jaipur, we disputed their claim. During the heated argument, one of the assailants suddenly pointed a revolver at my neck,\" Singh told TOI.\"One of them then attacked me with a sharp knife and my right hand got injured when I attempted to deflect the knife,\" he added.\"They alleged that we hit their vehicle. Since they were coming from Kotputli and we from Jaipur, we disputed their claim. During the heated argument, one of the assailants suddenly pointed a revolver at my neck,\" Mohan Singh Singh told TOI. \"One of them then attacked me with a sharp knife and my right hand got injured when I attempted to deflect the knife,\" he added.\"I was still in shock when they shoved me inside the dicky of my vehicle. I overheard one of them saying 'let's take him and his vehicle',\" a traumatized Singh said. While the assailants were busy looking for a rope, Singh and his friend took advantage of darkness to flee from the spot. \"Had they managed to abduct me, I suspect I would have lost my life. I sustained 11 stitches on the right hand,\" said Singh. The assailants also kept their cellphones.Vineet Bansal, additional SP, Kotputli, said, \"The victim sough help from vehicles on the road but nobody stopped. Finally at 2am he managed to contact a police patrolling party. Based on his statements we have lodged a case of dacoity against six persons. We have also constituted a team to nab the assailants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16759886", "title": "Fake students racket: Vikhroli college principal's sign forged on forms", "text": "KALYAN: The kingpin of the dummy students racket, Sunil Patil, used to make fake hall tickets look authentic by forging the signature and stamp of the principal of a Vikhroli college on them, cops said. The Dombivli police said Patil also filled wrong addresses on the examination forms of the students.Apart from Patil, the Vishnu Nagar police had also arrested two of his associates, Jayesh Sonekar and Amarjeet Gupta, who appeared as dummies for the TYBCom exam. Patil used to run a coaching institute in Airoli.Cops said Patil got blank forms and stamps of the Vikhroli college from a staffer, who they are trying to trace.A search is on for the students for whom Sonekar and Gupta appeared as the addresses on their forms were fake too. \"We have found a cheque given by one of students to Patil for the payment to carry out the operation. We will trace the account of the student and will arrest him soon,\" said Kulkarni.Sources said that police are also looking out for a college staffer who helped to get the stamp and the application forms from the college.Two other cases of dummy candidates have been unearthed in the last two days in the university's jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762205", "title": "Private sectors unwilling to surrender portable tapping device raises privacy concerns", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could raise serious privacy concerns, the government appears to have turned lenient towards private sector entities that had acquired off-the-air interception equipment under Open General Licence (OGL) but are now unwilling to surrender it as required by the new security norms.Many of the corporate entities in possession of the portable tapping device have cited its dual use - apart from intercepting phone calls, it also works to ensure a clear reception of communication signals in remote areas \u2014 to dodge MHA's demand to turn those in. The alibi has found favour with the government, leading it to focus on surrender of machines by entities that cannot prove its use for purposes other than interception. Firms which can justify its dual use, to retain the machinesThe liberal norms for private players are in sharp contrast to the mandatory surrender forced upon Central and state security agencies that had also acquired these off-the-air gadgets under OGL. The government had in end-2010 ordered surrender of all such equipment following allegations of NTRO having used it to tap politicians' phones.Sources said the Union home ministry and DoT see merit in \"dual use\" argument cited by telecom companies which employ off-the-air machines to boost signal reception in areas with insufficient mobile coverage, military units that may use these for secure communications and industries spread over a large area where internal wireless communication cannot run on mobile signals alone.On the other hand, entities which had acquired off-the-air machines purely for interception purposes - the list includes detective agencies wanting to snoop on wayward spouses as well as companies keen to keep a tab on their rivals - will be required to surrender these machines. DoT is sending teams to the premises of private concerns that had imported nearly 70,000 off-the-air equipment under OGL. Wherever the company fails to justify possession of the machine for purpose not connected to interception, the surrender notice is served. In the event of these companies still holding on to the device, action against them is being initiated under the relevant laws, including the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act.While the home ministry and DoT's indulgent attitude towards telecom companies as well as corporate entities with facilities spread over a large area, say 500 acres or more (refineries fit the description), could raise uncomfortable questions over privacy, the security agencies argue that allowing dual use of the equipment is a pragmatic approach. \"Off-the-air interception device are often used as an extension of the cellphone tower to boost signal reception in remote areas...this is a valid use and a cost-saver for the telcos,\" a senior DoT official said adding that licensed wireless operators could own such machines.A senior intelligence official said the audit of the 70,000 off-the-air interception device imported since 2005, would help account for the use each of them was being put to. \"Companies putting them to alternative use can be sensitized on how to handle it so that it is not misused when left idle,\" the official said.The agencies also claim that the technology used by the off-the-air machines imported years ago is obsolete. \"Cheaper tapping devices can now be bought off the internet,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaisalmerr", "code": "16761272", "title": "3 cows die of suffocation in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMERr: Three calves died due to suffocation on Wednesday when they were being stuffed in vehicles and smuggled from Dabla and Chod villages near Jaisalmer. The smugglers threw away calves on the road when they died.Chaos was witnessed after villagers recovered three dead calves near Dabla village, 15kms away from Jaisalmer. The agitated people jammed NH15. There were long queues of vehicles on both sides of the road for nearly four hours. Later, addl SP Ram Singh Meena and sub division officer reached the spot with their team.The jam has been cleared but ex-MLA Sang Singh Bhati along with hundreds of villagers has sat on a dharna.Sources said, on Tuesday night, some people were taking a large number of calves from Dabla and Chod villages in vehicles and probably due to overloading, three calves died.Villagers refused to allow the post-mortem of the calves or clear the jam. They demanded cases be filed against culprits and their immediate arrest.\"On getting the information about the incident, additional SP Ram Singh Meena was sent to the spot with his team. Police have cleared the jam, but villagers are still sitting on dharna. They are being persuaded. Police have lodged a case against unidentified culprits under the Cow Act,\" said SP Mamta Vishnoi.\"Cow smuggling has been taking place in Jaisalmer for quite a long time. These calves have died due to suffocation as they were stuffed into vehicles. If police do not arrest the culprits soon then Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) would launch an agitation,\" said VHP district president Tarachand Joshi and secretary Tikuram Garg.Villagers Anoop Singh and Choon Singh threatened a district bandh if the culprits were not arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761057", "title": "Cost chart is a patient's right", "text": "BANGALORE: Prasanna Kumar, 45, went to a tertiary care hospital with a complaint of stomach ache late last year. He was made to undergo a coronary angiogram to rule out any heart problems.The test cost Prasanna Kumar (name changed) Rs 10,000, derailing his monthly budget. After his stomach pain turned out to be gas trouble, he dragged the hospital to court.Every day, thousands of patients visiting city hospitals are asked to undergo several medical tests which in most cases may not be necessary. The huge bills stump patients and their dependents, who allege they are kept in the dark about the cost factor.Incidentally, TOI's queries to some major city hospitals on the cost of various diagnostic tests failed to elicit replies.The scale of mismanagement in the healthcare sector has forced the Union health ministry to issue directives to private hospitals to display a chart of the cost of various medical tests, for the convenience of patients.Doctors, though, describe the situation as a \"grey area\". Dr H Paramesh, senior paediatric pulmonologist and immediate past president, Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes' Association, said, \"Many doctors don't like taking risks and prefer various investigations. For eg. symptoms of dengue and viral fever are similar. A test to confirm dengue costs around Rs 5,000, but it's important to conduct this test to save a patient's life. If the test turns out to be negative, the patient is likely to blame the doctor for waste of money and trauma. A patient who has a doubt can always go for a second opinion.\"\"Not only is it unfair but also unethical to order random unnecessary tests and burden the patient. At our hospital, rates for consultation, room rent etc are displayed and there are people to give information about specific costs,\" said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospitals.Dr Santosh Kakde, director - medical services, BGS Global Hospitals, said: \"Based on clinical examination, the doctor decides the investigations/tests required to confirm the diagnosis. The patient may not understand the importance of such tests. But it is the right of the patient to inquire about the prescribed tests.\"Consumer rights activists and lawyers believe patients are being fleeced by hospitals that prescribe unwanted tests. \"Often, patients are forced to undergo stress test, MRI and CT Scan among other tests, even if they don't require it. This affects a patient financially and psychologically. The Supreme Court, too, has warned health institutes not to force a patient to undergo unnecessary medical tests,\" said advocate Kavan Gowda KS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760426", "title": "Court dismisses revision petition of Lalji Mishra", "text": "INDORE: In a setback to former superintendent of Indore jail Lalji Mishra, the city session court on Tuesday dismissed the revision petition in the Pappu Bhagirath custodial death case that took place in 2007.The court has also vacated the stay over his arrest warrant issued by chief judicial magistrate a few months back. The next hearing of the case is scheduled on October 16 in CJM court, when a fresh arrest warrant is expected to be issued against Mishra. Following the order, Mishra had obtained stay from the court and filed a revision petition against the arrest warrant.Earlier, high court in its order had stated that the evidences put forth by some witnesses show the involvement of Mishra in the case. After HC's orders, the CJM court took up the matter and issued non-bailable arrest warrant through MG Road police.It is to be noted that on March 7, 2007, Pappu, who was lodged in the Central Jail here, died under mysterious circumstances. Mishra was then the superintendent of Central Jail, Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16759720", "title": "Train girls in self-defence, women\u2019s panel tells Hooda government", "text": "ROHTAK: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has advised the Haryana government to seek Directorate of Civil Defence's help in imparting self-defence training to girls to fight rising crimes against women in the state.\"They should also be allowed to take part in large-scale programmes in self-defence. The services of the Directorate of Civil Defence can be solicited for this purpose,\" NCPCR chairperson Shantha Sinha wrote to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Wednesday. She underlined the need for encouraging girls to feel empowered to resist any harassment, abuse, stalking and other forms of sexual violence.Sinha suggested that services of civil society organisations and NGOs can also be sought. \"There is a need to create an atmosphere where girls feel secure, wanted and not discriminated against.\"The NCPCR chief urged the CM to intervene in such cases to ensure time-bound investigation, care, counselling, interim relief, rehabilitation and protection of the victims, their families and witnesses. \"It is strongly felt that each of the cases is to be reviewed periodically and taken to its logical conclusion. The investigating and prosecuting agencies are to be given directions to render speedy justice. Strong actions need to be taken against the culprits to inculcate a sense of security among victims.\"She underlined the need for having a grievance redressal mechanism at panchayat, block and district levels.She referred to the increasing number of rapes in Haryana and said the commission has taken cognizance of such cases. Fifteen rapes, including those of minors, have been reported from Haryana in over a month and provoked outrage across the country.Directorate of Civil Defence's Col Raj Kumar said the organisation can be helpful by organising training camps in schools and other educational institutes. \"There are civil defence bodies under respective states and Haryana, too, has a civil defence and home guards training institute. Unfortunately, Haryana's civil defence institute is poorly managed which needs to be strengthened. At the Centre, we can facilitate and organise training camps across the state but for that the state government needs to come forward.\"Col Kumar said the directorate has been organising self-defence training camps in cities like Bangalore for girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16760800", "title": "Dads of only daughters to be felicitated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the first International Day of the Girl Child declared by the United Nations on Thursday, fathers of only daughters will be felicitated and given a platform to speak about their love and respect for their only girl child on Sunday.The programme has been organized by the Bindi Project, which is a new organization launched with support of Manav Sadhna to foster love and respect for the girl child in India. The organization is founded by Sunil Desai who was born and raised in the US.Desai is a graduate of the US Naval Academy and served for 20 years in the US Marine Corps , achieving the rank of lieutenant colonel. He is a recipient of over 30 individual and unit awards and medals including the Bronze Star. Sunil is the father of a daughter, who like him, is fond of Indian culture and her Indian heritage.Desai said that the Bindi Project is working primarily to inspire men, and also women, to change their mindset and thereby bringing about the emancipation of the female community.\"We are primarily working with boys to reinforce their natural feeling of love and respect for mothers and sisters to prevent them from accepting the lack of love and respect they see around them as normal and acceptable,\" said Desai.Desai said that there is a need to work with men and women to offer positive alternatives to misperceptions about women and girls such as girls are a financial burden to raise because of dowry, which is illegal.He said that there is a need to highlight those men known to be good husbands and fathers of girls to serve as role models within their communities and thereby inspire more men to love and respect their daughters.\"We will lead a pledge campaign to show broad societal support for the idea that all daughters deserve love and respect by allowing anyone to pledge to love and respect their own daughters,\" Desai said.On Thursday, the Bindi Project will hold a celebration in honor of International Day of the Girl Child within the Manav Sadhna community. \"We will be emphasizing the relationship between fathers and daughters during this celebration. In order to facilitate the attendance of working fathers, the celebration will be held from 3pm to 6pm on October 14, at Manav Sadhna in Gandhi Ashram,\" Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760214", "title": "CAT 2012 starts today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 will start from Thursday. There are five centres in Delhi, two in Greater Noida and one each in Faridabad, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon and Noida.A total of 2,14,068 candidates have registered for the test. The test will be conducted at 61 centres across 36 cities on 21 days between October 11 and November 6. It will be conducted in two sessions. While the morning session starts at 10am, candidates need to reach the centres for security check and verification by 8.30am. For the afternoon session, which starts at 3.15pm, the candidates need to report at the centres by 1.45pm.CAT 2012 will comprise two sections. Section 1 is Quantitative Ability and Data Interpretation and section 2 is Verbal Ability and Logical Reasoning. Candidates will get 70 minutes for each section of 30 questions and each section has to be attempted sequentially with separate time limits.\"Things are smooth and we hope to have a good run like last year. The whole team has been visiting the centres and ensuring that everything is in place,\" said professor S S S Kumar of IIM, Khozikode, who is the CAT 2012 convenor.The results of the exam will be declared on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760941", "title": "Second edition of WSH to be bigger and better", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second edition of World Series Hockey that starts December 15 promises to be bigger and better!The tournament spread of 45 matches - one match a day on weekdays and two matches a day on weekends - ensures adequate rest for players and top-notch hockey from the start to finish.The first edition saw 59 matches played in 5 weeks. Seven teams will be competing this edition with Chandigarh Comets and Sher-e-Punjab clubbed into one Punjab team.Speaking about the changes, Nimbus Sport's President Sunil Manocha, said: \"The first season of World Series Hockey saw 32 million tune-ins on television, had 350,000+ spectators walk in through the gates and garnered over 10 million impressions across our digital properties.\"\"It was a resounding success on-air, on-ground and on-line and WSH 2 will only get better with its enhanced player, media and fan friendly format. One of the key improvements basis research evidence is the choice of the 8 pm start for a majority of matches in WSH 2. This is in sync with television ratings for season 1, which saw maximum eyeballs in the 8-9 pm slot,\" he added.Meanwhile, Indian Hockey Federation's president RK Shetty, added: \"After the first season, we sat down in consultation with our key stakeholders and arrived at solutions for taking World Series Hockey to the next level.\"To begin with, our top players revealed that minimal breaks between matches were affecting performance and so we decided to spread the schedule around with one match a day on weekdays as opposed to two. A double header on the weekends will ensure maximum entertainment.\"We had also received feedback from the media and fans that earlier starts would be preferable, and this has been taken into account as well. Weekend games in WSH 2 will have 6 pm and 8 pm start times. The early starts means the media can file stories ahead of deadlines and allow for spectators to have better access to public transport in smaller cities.\"As far as the Punjab teams are concerned, we realized Punjab was too patriotic a market to be split. One team will ensure a huge following,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761392", "title": "Tirkey releases film on tribal kids' education", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former captain of Indian hockey team and MP Dillip Tirkey released an animation film here on Tuesday. The film, 'Ganugun Bati Ahangna' (Learning with dignity) tells the story of a five-year-old tribal girl, Jhilli. The movie aims at sensitizing tribals on early childhood education in mother tongue.Speaking on the occasion, Tirkey said, \"It is very important for tribal children to have their early childhood education in their mother tongue. This will help preservation of tribal culture and heritage and will also make tribal children more confident.\"The state convener of Odisha Adivasi Manch, Ido Mandal, said only early education in mother tongue could solve the problem of illiteracy among tribals in the state. \"Odisha has the third largest concentration of tribals in the country. Yet, it has a literacy rate of 37 per cent only, in comparison to 63 per cent all over the country. We are happy that the problem is being noticed and people are able to understand the tribal child's rights to get early education in their mother tongue. This will give tribal kids a firm social footing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760522", "title": "Woman accuses doctor of molestation", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 30-yer-old woman has accused a doctor from a private hospital in Gomtinagar had of molesting her when she went to collect her sister's medical examination report on Tuesday evening.According to FIR lodged by the victim with Gomtinagar police, Dr BL Anand, administrator of the Ford Hospital, first passed some lewd remarks after finding her alone in the room.She said the doctor tried to pull her towards himself and molested her. She came out running from the room after pushing the doctor and called up her relatives staying near-by.The doctor allegedly escaped from the hospital after finding himself in trouble.The police initially have registered the case under IPC section 509 as the woman could not mention in detail the incident. She, however, later gave a statement before the police.Gomtinagar station officer said the further charges of molestation and obscenity would be added in the FIR on behalf of the woman's statement.\"We are further probing the matter and stern action would be taken against the culprit,\" he added.The doctor however denied all allegations leveled against him when the police approached him after registering the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16762260", "title": "South Western Railway extends stoppage period", "text": "HUBLI: The temporary stoppage as approved by the Railway Board at various railway stations for different trains over the South Western Railway, which expires on December 30, 2012, is further extended up to June 30, 2013.Accordingly, Train number 12629/12630 Yeshwantpur-Nizamuddin- Yeshwantpur express will provide temporary stoppage at Dharwad and 18047/18048 Howrah-Vasco-da-gama-Howrah will provide stoppage at Dharwad and Koppal.16531/16532 Ajmer- Yeshwantpur -Ajmer Express will provide stoppage at Koppal and 16533/16534 Jodhpur- Yeshwantpur-Jodhpur Express stop at Koppal and 16535/16536 Yeshwantpur-Solapur- Yeshwantpur Express Ranibennur, Haveri, Annigeri, Hole Alur, Guledagudda, Almatti and Basavanabagewadi Road.17307/17308 Yeshwantpur -Bagalkot- Yeshwantpur Express stops at Basavanabagewadi Road, Almatti and Gouribidanur and 17415/17416 Kolhapur-Tirupati-Kolhapur Haripriya express stops at Alnavar and Khanapur.16232/16231 Mysore-Mayiladuturai-Mysore express will provide stoppage at Kengeri and Karmelaram and 16732/16731 Mysore-Tuticorin-Mysore express stop at Karmelaram. 12027/12028 Chennai-Bangalore City-Chennai will provide stoppage at Bangalore Cantonment.18463/18464 Bhubaneswar-Bangalore-Bhubaneswar Express will provide stoppage at Gouribidanur and 16201/16202 Bangalore-Shimoga Town-Bangalore Express will provide stoppage at Tiptur and Kadur. 16591/16592 Hubli-Bangalore-Hubli Hampi Express at Bhanavar.16517/16518 Yeshwantpur-Cannore- Yeshwantpur Express will provide stoppage at Kengeri and 16527/16528 Yeshwantpur-Cannore- Yeshwantpur Express provide stops at Banaswadi and Karmelaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759673", "title": "VVSP wins varsity students council polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad (VVSP) emerged supreme in Nagpur University's Students' Council election on Wednesday. The elections this time was a low key one unlike a couple of years back when the event used to be a grand affair. Despite the hype, it was a one-sided affair with VVSP ruling the roost in the absence of any strong opposition.This year, NSUI didn't field any candidates while rivals ABVP and NCP failed to make any dent. This helped VVSP, led by senate member and lawyer Mohan Bajpayee, win key posts of the president and secretary for the eighth time.Out of the 15 nominated candidates, two from VVSP - Abhisar Agne of Anurag Sharirik Shikshan Mahavidyalaya and Kamakshi Bandekar of LIT - were elected as president and secretary.Other members on the council are - Bhavana Saoji, Disha Purohit, Pritam Suresh, Rahul Kumbhalkar, Sarla Prajapati, Asmita Kamdi, Sheshrao Kohale, Umesh Gaikwad, Mangesh Pungati, Rinku Yadav, Kapil Ingle, Nandini Katare and Gunjan Khandelwal.The election process began last month in which over 800 colleges in six districts, which come under the university's jurisdiction, took part. This time many girls have been elected to the council.The elections have lost its sheen such that since last two years the number of students participating in the process has declined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16760280", "title": "Tennis world missing Rafa: Djokovic", "text": "SHANGHAI: Novak Djokovic feels the competitive energy around tournaments was considerably less since July when Spanish superstar Rafael Nadal was forced out of the ATP Tour with a knee injury.The Serb, who is in a keen contest for the year-end world No. 1 ranking with Swiss master Roger Federer , said there was a \"certain excitement in the sport\" when Nadal was around.\"He's definitely one of the best tennis players ever to play the game and an extremely popular and successful global athlete. There's a difference when he's around and when he's not around. I don't, however, think there's a big difference, a significant one which would maybe will affect the tournaments where we are all playing in a negative way,\" Djokovic said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur/bhandara", "code": "16759706", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation SE booked for demanding bribe", "text": "Nagpur/Bhandara: Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) is lurching from one disaster to another, as irregularities and corruption are exposed by various sources almost every day. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had recently ordered departmental enquiries against 45 engineers. On Wednesday, a superintending engineer (SE) was booked by anti-corruption bureau (ACB) for demanding a bribe of Rs50,000 from a contractor.ACB registered an offence against Madan Mate, SE of Gosikhurd lift irrigation circle, Ambadi, under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Cash Rs21 lakh was recovered during an ACB search of his house at Pratap Nagar in Nagpur. Mate's wife Leena is a senior doctor at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Memorial hospital, Nagpur.Sources further said that very costly liquor worth around Rs3.5 lakh, several international currencies, jewellery, property documents and keys to bank lockers were also found. ACB is examining the property documents and will open the lockers on Thursday.VIDC had floated a Rs31 lakh tender for construction of a minor canal under Mokhabardi lift irrigation scheme as part of the Gosikhurd project. Civil contractor Subhash Kasangotewar's bid was the lowest, at 23% above the estimate. Executive engineer of Ambhora lift irrigation division sent the tender to Mate as it was on the higher side.Meanwhile, Kasangotewar gave a power of attorney to Awesh Khan Pathan, to complete formalities regarding the contract. Khan is a contractor based in Nagbhid. Khan went to meet Mate on Kasangotewar's behalf, to get the tender approved. But the SE told him that he wanted Rs1.50 lakh to approve it. Khan told Mate that he could not pay such a big amount.Khan then met Nisheeth Mishra, superintendent of police (SP), ACB, Nagpur, and informed him about Mate's illegal demand. Mishra directed ACB officials to lay a trap for Mate.A few days later, a clerk in Mate's office - one Ramteke - met Khan and told him that the SE had agreed to approve the tender for Rs50,000, and asked that the amount should be brought to his office. This conversation took place in the presence of witnesses from the investigating agency.Even though Ramteke did not turn up to collect the money at the appointed time, the conversation regarding the bribe proved Mate's involvement and he was booked on Wednesday. The operation was carried out by DSPs Prashant Kolwadkar and Sanjay Purandare under Mishra's guidance.Meanwhile, sources in VIDC said Mate had run into trouble with contractors earlier too, when he was posted in Yavatmal and Gondia. Recently, contractors had lodged a complaint against him for not returning their earnest money deposit (EMD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760681", "title": "Memories of don \u2018homing\u2019 in and a success tip", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Amitabh Bachchan's birthday (October 11), a city-based family can't help but remember fondly the time they got to spend with him. \"Don ko pakadna mushkil hi nahi na munkin hai...\" chorus the Dhillons, who live in Sector 9 here, while adding triumphantly, \"But we caught the 'Don'.\" It was during his shooting for the shooting of his film, \"Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo\" in March 2004 that Amitabh was in the city and some scenes were shot in the Dhillons' house.Though the shooting was held on the outskirts of the city, some indoor scenes were shot in businessman Kewal Dhillon's house. Despite the passage of eight years, the memories spent with Big B are still fresh in the minds of the Dhillon family.Kewal revealed that the superstar shot for seven days at their home. \"I am a big fan of his and had not thought even in my wildest dreams that Amitabh will shoot in my house,\" adds Kewal. \"Whenever he got free from his shoot he used to interact with his fans and never once did he tell them that he wanted to rest. Many times the shooting continued till 1am but, his zeal remained the same,\" he said.Kewals' wife Manjit Kaur recounted that when she asked Amitabh about his favourite food, he humbly said that he wanted food with a Punjabi \"tadka.\" So she offered him \"chole bhature\" and after having it he told her though his roots are from Punjab, he hadn't had such delicious food in ages. Kewal's elder son Kanwar Dhillon said that during his conversation with Bachchan he had asked him many questions but Big B had answered them all patiently. \"He told me that \"Saat Hindustani\" was his debut movie but his journey in the industry started in 1969 as a film narrator for \"Bhuvan Shome\".\"\"Amitabh, who had worn a turban in the film for his role looked like a pure Sikh and he even asked me if he looked like one, to which I had replied in the affirmative,\" revealed Kanwar. Kewal's younger son Karan said that when he first saw this 6 feet 3 inches tall persona shooting for the film in his house he just could not able believe his eyes. \"In the first meeting I was too awestruck to be able to ask him anything but in my second meeting I asked him about his success mantra to which he had replied that he just believed that if one does work with utmost sincerity, success comes his way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16761916", "title": "Damodar Valley Corporation to further cut supply to Jharkhand State Electricity Board", "text": "Hazaribag: The Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) is faced with the uphill task of fulfilling its target under the 'Power For All-2012' mission. \"Acute financial crisis has, however, stalled the progress of the task at hand,\" said Sanjay Kumar Singh, general secretary of the DVC officers' forum at a press conference soon after returning from Delhi.He had led a delegation of the officers' forum to apprise the Centre and secretary of economic affairs, Government of India, Arvind Ram, about the acute shortage of finances caused by the non-payment of dues, amount to Rs 5,136 crore, by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB). The DVC, which has been generating 2,857 MW , including hydel power since its inception, was set a target of 8,570 MW of power by the Centre.The DVC is in dire need of financial aid of Rs 36,500 crore, of which the corporation was in a position to spend about Rs 12,500 crore. For meeting the balance amount, it will have to collect the same from its customers who are various power boards of Jharkhand and West Bengal . tnnSpeaking further, Singh said that in order to settle the dispute, a meeting between DVC and JSEB was held in July in New Delhi at the insistence of the Centre. In the meeting, JSEB was asked to make regular payment of bills for energy consumption. Though JSEB agreed to pay monthly dues along with part of previous dues, it failed to fulfill the promise. He alleged that instead of paying monthly bills of Rs 72 to 75 crore, the JSEB is paying only Rs 50 crore, which is further increasing the dues every month. He said, \"We have demanded that the Centre should deduct the share of central aid to JSEB and adjust it with DVC so that the increasing arrear amount comes down.\" DVC is thinking of further cut in power supply to JSEB in order to minimize its loss. The Centre has assured the officer's forum delegation to resolve the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16759284", "title": "Aircraft, speed boats to curb Kaziranga poaching", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga National Park will soon get a battery-operated aircraft and speed boats to keep vigil over rhino poachers entering the area.Union forest and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan who visited the park along with chief minister Tarun Gogoi and state forest minister Rockybul Hussain announced that the park will get nine speed boats and an aircraft to guard the park round the clock.Natarajan also stressed the need for building more highlands inside the park to provide shelter to animals during floods and a flyover over the national highway that skirts along the park's southern boundary. As several animal corridors run across the highway, many animals are killed by speeding vehicles every year while crossing the highway.A government spokesman said, \"The Union minister expressed concern on the rampant poaching of rhinos but said the park is not in any crisis.\"The minister also announced that buffer zones will be created around the park to end man-animal conflict besides announcing the decision to provide Rs 1 crore from tiger conservation funds to the Kaziranga tiger reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760556", "title": "PWD, Lucknow Municipal Corporation jam traffic project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ambitious project of installing solar-powered cantilever traffic signals at 40 major intersections across the city is stuck due to lack of proper planning and coordination between various agencies. The estimated Rs 3.6-crore build-operate-transfer project meant to ease traffic congestion and chaos remains incomplete as Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) has not been able to transfer advertising rights to private agencies handling the project. Currently, almost 1/3{+r}{+d} of the traffic lights have not been put up, though it is eight months past the deadline.The other roadblock is an objection raised by the Public Works Department (PWD). While LMC went ahead with the project promising rights for all the stretches under the project to private agencies, it forgot to keep other state agencies in the loop. Citing some state directive, PWD did not give permission to advertise on roads under its purview.In keeping with recommendations of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) on beautification of the city, in December 2010, LMC had awarded a 10-year contract to two national capital region (NCR)-based private agencies to install 20 solar powered traffic signals, individually. The model was to give advertising rights on two unipoles, considered hot media property in outdoor advertising, in exchange of each installed cantilever signal system, to the private agencies. The LMC did not have to invest a single penny in installation or maintenance of the poles, though in return both the agencies agreed to pay up an amount of Rs 9 lakh each to civic body, annually in lieu of exploiting the rights. The move was touted as a big step towards disciplining traffic in the city.Cut to present day-the project is incomplete. \"We have completed 13 junctions out of the total 20 and have not been transferred advertising rights for all of them. We have already invested close to Rs 1 crore in the project,\" says P S Sethi, chief of Invoice Electronic Pvt Ltd, one of the agencies handling the project.Not surprisingly, a majority of the 27 junctions where cantilever traffic poles have been installed, continue to be defunct and an eyesore. In all, less than 10 traffic signals function in the city, while only the one at the Hazratganj intersection is religiously followed by motorists. Remaining signals, when not manned by cops, are usually ignored by motorists. While Akhilesh Yadav is trying hard to sell Lucknow as an investment destination, his dream will remain just that without improvement in overall traffic and civic sense of the city.\"We have decided to provide alternative spots to agencies so that they can go ahead with the project. The decisions were taken in the past and we have been trying to resolve them, including the issue of speedy coordination between traffic police and agencies maintaining the signals,\" additional municipal commissioner of LMC, Rakesh Verma said.Experts on the other hand feel the entire project is more about LMC making some money, than traffic management. Mohit Dev, a Lucknow-based transport planner feels, \"Such projects will not be helpful unless sustained awareness drives and campaigns aimed at improving traffic sense of the motorists are undertaken. Another way to tackle the problem could be to increase the fine amount by at least 50 per cent.\" Dev also pointed at traffic management of Singapore where cameras have been installed at traffic signals and cops, sitting in the office, fine the violators.Lucknow has witnessed immense growth in the number of vehicles in recent years and as per Lucknow City Development Plan, the area dedicated to roads is lower than other similar sized cities, a fact that leads to traffic congestion and bottlenecks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761215", "title": "Fun two-wheelers to turn heads on the riverfront soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon that peaceful walk down the Sabarmati riverfront may become gliding down along the river. If you are too tired to walk the entire stretch, you could hire a unique two-wheeler and cruise down. The other option you may explore is to hire a bicycle for a short trip.The Sabarmati Riverfront Development Corporation Limited ( SRFDCL) has decided to outsource these two facilities to a private operator, who may charge a fee for the services.You will then be able to stand on this unique two-wheeler - the world's first battery-operated, self-balancing human transporter: Segway. A Segway can travel as far as 38 km on a single battery charge, depending on the terrain, payload and riding style.\"Unlike a car, the Segway has two wheels, yet it manages to stay upright by itself. It's a green transport and can go to any place,\"It's quite fascinating to see a Segway. If a rider intends to move forward or backward on this innovative two-wheeler, he or she has to just lean slightly forward or backward. To turn left or right, the rider simply moves the steering frame to either side. \"It's a safe transport and it feels natural, safe and instinctive,\" says a senior AMC official.\"It is an ideal transport for short jaunts. In future, one could have Segway clubs. We will introduce it soon. But first we will have to see the acceptability of the new transport. Another important transport we are trying to encourage are bicycles. None can beat cycling. It is healthy,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761242", "title": "Shiv Sena moves HC for Dussehra rally nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has moved the Bombay high court challenging the BMC's decision not to allow its annual Dussehra rally at the Shivaji Park. The hearing is scheduled for Friday.The Sena-BJP ruled BMC has denied permission to the party for the Dussehra rally, stating that Shivaji Park is a silence zone. The party leaders had approached the G-North ward office last week, asking for permission to hold the rally. But assistant municipal commissioner, Milind Vibhute, denied them permission citing a PIL pending in the high court.Shivaji Park, where the party has been holding the Dussehra rally which Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray has been addressing for over 40 years, was declared a silence zone in May 2010 following directions to this regard from the HC.According to noise pollution norms, noise levels in a silence zone should be within 50 db.However, last year, the court had granted the party permission to hold a rally on October 6 and asking it to abide by conditions such as not crossing noise level of 50 decibel, winding up the procession before 10pm and restoring the ground to normalcy after the public gathering.To keep the noise within limits, the party had used sound barriers and insulators, creating these barriers from porous material, which acted as noise dampeners and set up a distributed sound system using multiple low-volume speakers, which they will use even this year.This year, Dussehra will be celebrated on October 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760846", "title": "Four arrested in Haveli firing case", "text": "PUNE: The Haveli police on Tuesday arrested four men for opening fire on two, including a criminal on rural police record, on October 6 at a real estate office at Patilbaug on Pune-Bangalore highway.The injured, criminal on record Appa Akhade (35), and Shankar Akhade (21), both from Vadgaon Budruk, received bullet injuries on their stomach and leg. They are undergoing treatment in a private hospital.The Haveli police team led by deputy superintendent of police M P Karade arrested the suspects, Akshay Chaudhari (18) of Nandoshi village in Haveli, Riyaz Jamadar (20) of Janata Vasahat, Mahavir Gharbudve (20) of Mahatma Phule Vasahat and Akshay Nivangune (22) of Ambegaon.The police received a tip-off that the suspects involved would be coming to Hingane on Tuesday. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them,\" Karade said.During interrogation the suspects admitted their involvement. Investigations also revealed that Chaudhari had hatched the plot to eliminate Appa Akhade. \"In the year 2011, Chaudhari's relative Arjun Ghule was shot at in Nandoshi village. Chaudhari suspected Appa Akhade's involvement in the attack,\" Karade said.The investigating team comprised police constables Ravindra Devkar, Ashok Taru, Vilas Pradhan, Ashok Chavan and Chandrakant Zende.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760567", "title": "Pipe burst hits water supply in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Water supply to most parts of the city was disrupted after a Kerala Water Authority pipeline carrying water from the Aruvikkara reservoir burst at PTP Nagar in the early hours of Wednesday.Water supply to PTP Nagar, Thirumala, Poojappura, Karamana, Jagathy, Easwaravilasom, Mudavanmugal and Vattavila was disrupted. Another portion of the same 700mm cast iron pipe had burst an year ago.According to local residents, the pipeline burst at around 2am on Wednesday and water gushed out with enormous force till around 5am before the KWA stopped the supply. The neatly tarred road was also damaged by the burst.\"The pipeline was commissioned in 1980. It could no longer hold the pressure of the water,\" said KWA assistant executive engineer, Hari N R.Officials said they expected to repair the damage and restore water suppy by Thursday morning. \"We could have done it by Wednesday midnight. But the unexpected heavy downpour in the evening has delayed the works,\" he said.Meanwhile, local residents blamed the KWA authorities' carelessness for the incident. Vettamukku Madhu, a local resident and also a social activist, said that the pipe has been leaking for more than a week. \"Water has been leaking through the cracks formed on the road since a few days. But the KWA authorities ignored it despite being warned,\" he said.The officials swung into action only when water filled the drainage in the area and sewage started flowing out onto the road. \"Two days back, the authorities came with a motor and pumped out the water that filled the drainage and left,\" Madhu said.Residents in the area also complained about the way the KWA officials carried out the repair works. Instead of using modern cutting machinery, the workers are using sledge hammer to remove the remaining portion of the damaged pipe. Each blow delivered on the pipe caused mild tremors in the area. The residents fear that this could cause more cracks in the pipe and also two other pipes that belong to the JICA that lay parallel to the damaged one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761206", "title": "Tortured by in-laws, youth drowned self", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than a year after a youth committed suicide, the Ellisbridge police on Wednesday booked his in-laws for abetment to suicide.In 2011, Mani Vala, 25, had committed suicide by jumping off the Ambedkar bridge over Sabarmati. The Ellisbridge police had recovered a suicide note from his pocket which said that he is committing suicide because of the embarrassment he underwent when his in-laws beat him up.Police had sent the note to FSL's handwriting verification experts. The forensic investigators have recently submitted their report in which they have said that the handwriting is that of Vala. The Ellisbridge police have registered a complaint against seven of Vala's in-laws.Vala used to stay in Madrasi chali in Amraiwadi. His sister-in-law had eloped with her lover and Vala's in-laws blamed him for it. \"They believed that Vala was instrumental in the elopement. Angered by their suspicion, they had thrashed Vala. Unable to deal with the shame and embarrassment, Vala had committed suicide. He had been reported missing on September 5, 2011,\" said Ellisbridge police.Vala's bike and mobile phone were found on the Ambedkar bridge. Four days back,His body had been fished out of the Sabarmati river. \"We found a suicide note inside his purse which he had properly packed in a plastic sheet to prevent it from being destroyed by water,\" said Ellisbridge police.In his letter, Vala had accused his father-in-law Govind Parmar, mother in-law Labhu and five other in-laws for driving him to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16760076", "title": "Rs 4.6 lakh stolen from Cuncolim man's parked car in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Unknown persons stole a laptop bag containing 4,60,000 in cash from a car parked along the Khareband road, Margao, on Wednesday afternoon.Police sources said that according to a complaint lodged by Jayesh Suresh Hornekar, a resident of Fatorpa, Cuncolim, with the Cuncolim police, he had withdrawn the cash from a bank a few minutes earlier and placed it in the car before going back to the bank. When he returned, he found the rear side glass of the vehicle broken and the laptop bag containing the cash, along with other items like the keys of his safe, shop and flat, cheques, etc, missing.The Margao police have registered a case of theft against unknown accused and investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760540", "title": "Govt\u2019s new garbage disposal plan may violate many rules", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government will have to cross a few more hurdles before it implements its plan to land-fill the abandoned quarries with garbage.If the state government proceeds with the plan, it would be in complete violation of the Municipal Solid Wastes (Management and Handling) Rules, 1999. The government will have to flout the rules laid down by ministry of environment and forests one by one if the new plan has to be implemented.As per schedule 2, land filling should be restricted to non-biodegradable, inert waste and other waste that are not suitable either for recycling or for biological processing. However, the government has already made it clear that the waste dumped in rock-quarries will be mostly bio-degradable.Schedule 3, which talks of site selection, will make things even tougher for the government. While the rule clearly says that the land-fill site should be away from habitation clusters, forest areas, water bodies, monuments, national parks, wetlands and places of important cultural, historical or religious interest, none of the selected quarries comply with this rule.Kalladichavila, near Kattayikonam, which is one of the selected quarries, will throw up another problem. The Madavurcave temple, a place of cultural and historic significance, is hardly a kilometre away from the proposed site. \"The government itself has decided to undertake a Rs 25 lakh project near this place. Now they are coming up with a plan to dump garbage here. How does the government justify its decision,\" asked Kattaikonam councilor G Vinod.Most of the other abandoned rock quarries that have been identified, like Vellar and Pulluvila, are very close to human-dwellings. Interestingly, if these places are converted to land-fill sites, development of these areas would be a distant dream for the locals.As per law, a buffer zone of no-development has to be maintained around the land-fill site and shall be incorporated in the Town Planning Department's land-use plans. \"This cannot be accepted. How can the people be deprived of development because of waste,\" said Vinod.Even if the government ignores these problems there is another issue that it cannot close its eye to. According to the rule, land-fill site shall be away from the airport, including the airbase. Necessary approval of the airport or airbase authorities has to be taken prior to the setting up of the land-fill site. The site is however supposed to be located within 20km of an airport or airbase. This rule clearly applies to at least two of the selected places, Vellar and Kalladichavila.The government is not known to have consulted the airport authorities in this regard so far despite declaring the new scheme publicly.Apart from all these, the government may have to put the state pollution control board in a dilemma. The rule says that the government will have to acquire the authorization of PCB for disposal facilities, including land-fill. \"This is going to be a problem. PCB will have to think about it,\" an official of the PCB said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760446", "title": "Paving way for LIG Link Road:Last obstacle blown up", "text": "INDORE: Last glitch in the way of LIG Link Road to connect LIG Crossing with Ring Road was removed on Tuesday with demolition of a three-storey house. The administration used nearly 16kg of explosives to demolish the building belonging to former tehshildar D S Gandharwa.The administration had removed seven out of eight houses constructed on twelve 'pattas'. Gandharwa had got a week's relief from the high court. Tehshildar Poornima Singhi said that the house was located in close proximity of other high rise building and it was difficult to demolish it using a JCB.In the morning, a team of officials from administration, IDA and IMC reached the spot with explosives expert Sharad Sarwate. Around 250 holes were drilled in nearly 36 pillars of the house. The blasts were done in the afternoon and the building was brought down within few minutes.Sarwate said that it was a controlled and soft explosion which did not cause much noise and even debris did not spread as the blast site was covered.Explosives were used after four years for demolishing any building in the city. Four years back, a multi-storey building was demolished in Mushakhedi area using explosives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16763664", "title": "Tribal art seminar held", "text": "Tribal art is a medium of aesthetic sense which generally means objects or substance prepared by people for their satisfaction and requirement. Besides it is also considered as source of income in various tribal communities.Dr A K Chatterjee, chairman Indian national committee of the International Council of Museums (INC-ICOM) voiced these thoughts during the morning session of the national seminar on 'tribal art: the mirror of Indian culture.' The seminar was jointly organized by IGRMS and INC-ICOM, Paris at IGRMS on Tuesday.Dr Chatterjee further expressed that in spite of diverse nature and various forms of beautiful tribal art; it has not touched the common people as desired. Therefore in order to promote and propagate the art: documentation, research, collection and preservation of tribal art should be done at an extensive level.Later Sonia Mallick from National Museum Institute, New Delhi in her presentation on 'the technique of Dokra casting in Bastar region' discussed briefly about an introduction on Dokra art, its stages and limitation and disadvantages of traditional Dokra casting.This was followed by presentation of Dr Ranju Hasini Sahoo from IGN National Tribal University, Amarkantak on 'ethnographic paintings of Bison Horn Maria: mirror of their culture' which dealt with the customs, tradition and practices of tribal people. On this occasion, an introductory film on Manav Sangrahalaya was also screened.This session was followed by open forum in which elaborate lectures were made on the digitization, documentation and preservation of tribal art. This session was participated by number of students, research scholars, teachers and subject expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16760902", "title": "Sushil Kumar, Shiny Wilson to grace Vasai-Virar Mayor's Marathon", "text": "Sushil Kumar, the first and only Indian to win back to back individuals medals at the Olympics, will be the event ambassador of the 2nd Vasai-Virar Mayor's Marathon, to be organized by the Vasai-Virar City Municipal Corporation in Vasai and Virar on October 14.Sushil Kumar, the 29-year-old Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Awardee, who won a wrestling silver medal at the London Olympics, following up on the bronze medal he won at Beijing Olympics four years ago, is also a gold medal winner at the 2010 World Wrestling Championships, and will be present on Race Day to encourage the 10,000 plus runners that will participate in the various age category races.The motto of the 2nd Vasai-Virar Mayor's Marathon is \"Save the Girl Child and maintain Nature's Balance\" and to give a further fillip to the girl child, the organizers have also invited former track star Shiny Wilson (nee Abraham) to grace the occasion. Shiny has represented the country at four Olympic Games, became the first woman to captain the Indian contingent at an Olympics and was the flag bearer at the 1992 Barcelona Games. She has won a gold, 2 silvers and a bronze medal at the three Asian Games she participated in, besides winning 7 gold, 6 silver and 2 bronze medals at the Asian Track &amp; Field meets. She has been the National champion in 800 meters for 14 years.Sushil Kumar and Shiny Wilson will join marathoner and face of the event Milind Soman on race day.Besides the Full Marathon for men, the half marathon will be held for men and women. There is also a veteran (above 50 category) in the full marathon for men and half marathons for men and women. Age group events will be held for Boys under-20 (11km), Boys under-17 ( 7km), Girls under-17 (5 km), Boys under-14 (5kms), Girls under-14 (3 km) and Men and Women above-60 (3 km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760445", "title": "Medical practioners hail move on treatment cost display", "text": "INDORE: The medical fraternity in the state has welcomed the union government's move to make it mandatory for hospitals to display the treatment costs.The move aims to bring in transparency and to do away with unwanted medical procedures during treatment.Authorities of Nursing Home Association, Indian Medical Association and authorities involved in regulating them provided government standardize the medical expenses considering practical aspects. They say, it would be a blessing for the patients who are often fleeced by private hospitals, establishing a unified cost for medical procedures in cities and smaller towns would be a difficult task.President MP state Indian Medical Association, Dr Dilip Acharya, said, \"The proposal would certainly help patients who are usually clueless about the treatment expenses until they receive the bills at the time of discharge. Fixing of rates of each procedure will allow the patients to avail treatment at unified rates. This would also help the patients in getting a clear idea about the facilities available in each hospital.\" However, standardizing rates in cities as well as smaller towns will be hard to implement, he added. He added saying that government should also regulate drug prices so as to make treatment affordable for one and all.A standardization of the treatment cost is inevitable since the private health sector is fast becoming commercialized. Though health department is state has made it mandatory for hospitals and nursing homes to publish the treatment rates on reception, it is not followed. \"Government rules and regulations are ideals but not practical. In western countries rules are followed strictly. In India, government agencies do not follow all the rules but wants to implement on its people. However, we welcome standardization of medical expenses and will make it compulsory for hospitals and nursing home to publish them and obey strictly,\" said president of Madhya Pradesh Nursing Home Association, Indore chapter, Dr Ravi Verma.The state government has already fixed certain rates for certain medical procedures under various schemes to provide medical insurance to the people. \"The private hospitals that are empanelled under the scheme, also charge the rates fixed by the government,\" said a doctor. Hence, it would not be a daunting task for the government to fix the rates, provided all the private hospitals agree to it.The process would come into effect in the country when the Clinical Establishment Act is passed by Parliament. However, there is stiff resistance to this bill from various private hospital groups and even the Indian Medical Association as it has stricter norms. Joint director (Health), Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"The state already has its MP Nursing Home Act to regulate healthcare services. We do take the rate list from each one of them but rates are not standardized. If government does it, it shall be followed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759681", "title": "14 hurt as bus rams tree", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen passengers, including four women, were injured on Wednesday morning when the driver of their DTC bus hit a tree to avert a bigger tragedy. The mishap took place around 9.30am in front of Batra Hospital traffic signal in Sangam Vihar. The bus, plying on route no. 463, was going towards Khanpur.\"The injured passengers were discharged after first aid. No casualities were reported,\" said a police officer. The driver of the old DTC bus, carrying about 40 passengers, claimed he was forced take the step as the brakes of the vehicle had failed. \"The driver, Hari Kishen, said the moment he realized that brakes were not functioning, he crashed the bus into a tree as a traffic signal was ahead of him,\" said the officer.A case of rash and negligent driving has been registered. Police said they have asked DTC to verify the driver's claims. \"Depending on their findings, we will decide if he needs to be arrested. The driver said he had raised the alarm before swerving,\" said the officer.\"I told everyone to brace themselves for a collision. I refrained from taking the bus forward as there were vehicles waiting at the red light,\" Kishan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16762759", "title": "Now, a toothbrush that can check your dental hygiene", "text": "LONDON: Parents, please note! With this toothbrush you can check if your kids are brushing their teeth properly.The toothbrush developed by a US-based oral care digital health company connects wirelessly to your phone, literally putting the 'tooth' into 'Bluetooth'.The users of 'The Beam toothbrush' can time their strokes and monitor their daily progress. The toothbrush is not electric, so users still have to do the manual brushing themselves, the Daily Mail reported.\"Today, the average person brushes their teeth for only 46 seconds, but is 50% more likely to brush their teeth for a full two minutes by using just a simple timer,\" its makers said.\"The Beam toothbrush is the first app-connected toothbrush. Nothing about how you brush your teeth changes at all, but what we can do while you're brushing your teeth does change,\" Beam CEO Alex Frommeyer told fastcoexist.com.\"The brush reacts to the body's own bio-electricity when it is placed in the mouth, starting the timer,\" Frommeyer said. \"The data is sent to the user's phone, automatically updating the log and measuring their progress against 'brushing goals',\" Frommeyer added.The brush will be available next month for $50.The app \u2014 which will be available separately for users who just wish to use it as a timer \u2014 is due to be released for both Android and Apple devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mritsar", "code": "16760179", "title": "Rebellion issue discussed: Cong leaders", "text": "MRITSAR: \"Rahul told us that the high command knew that party would lose in Uttarakhand but was sure of victory in Punjab,\" he said.The local leaders also informed Rahul that the state government was indulging in political vendetta and framing them in false police cases.Another Congress leader, who attended the meeting, said Rahul gave maximum opportunity to block presidents who had converged from all over the state to speak up on various issues, including the party's present position in Punjab.\"Atm manthan karne ko kaha hai Rahul ji ne (Rahul has asked Congressmen to introspect),\" he said, adding that Rahul was keen on knowing the pulse of all Congressmen and their expectations from their leaders.During the meeting, the issue of rebellion in state Congress was also discussed and manyleaders complained of not being given tickets.Among those present were Amarinder Singh , Ambika Soni, Jagmeet Brar, and Partap Singh Bajwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16761186", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t lose your mind over depression, get it treated\u2019", "text": "Do you think I'm losing my mind, doctor? I am often asked this question by patients during the first consultation at the clinic. Most certainly not, is the emphatic answer, explaining that chemical imbalance is the likely cause (or as Munnabhai would say, chemical locha). After emphasizing that depression and anxiety are like having any other illness such as diabetes or hypertension, and are eminently treatable, we discuss treatment options. The initial fear almost always changes into a sense of relief. Individuals realize that they are not alone, that millions of people globally deal with such problems every day, recover well, and continue to lead productive and often amazing lives.The good news is that we're in the midst of a gradual but steady global shift in the attitude of individuals and society towards mental health and psychological well-being. This is a positive change from even 20 years ago, when lack of awareness abounded. Myths were widely prevalent, including those of 'black magic', 'emotional weakness', 'exercising willpower' etc, though some myths still persist such as those regarding anti-depressant addiction. People from all walks of life\u2014students, professionals, businessmen, housewives etc\u2014seek help from health professionals in the field more readily today. Often, it is the first time they have ever talked to anyone about what they are going through. Even in India, people often carry an impressive amount of printed information on the subject on their visit to the doctor. A bunch of well thought out questions with a readiness to participate in a discussion on treatment options is common, an encouraging trend indeed. Treatments available today in India are far better and safer than ever before, and on a par with the best in the world. Fortunately, the majority of individuals respond well to timely and appropriate treatment.Recent developments in the field make it an exciting time for psychiatry, with great promise in understanding the fundamental causes of psychiatric illness and in developing increasingly effective and safe treatments. Sophisticated brain imaging techniques, advanced psychological tests and psychotherapies/counselling techniques, newer and safer medications and state-of-the art treatments like rTMS (Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) have enhanced the treatment outcome immensely. The future of psychiatry holds many promises for early diagnosis and better treatments: newer brain imaging techniques, genetics and stem cell research, and potential treatment options, including gene therapy and stem cell therapy (Hendler T, 2012; Noori-Daloii MR, 2012; Margolis et al, 2011).The bad news is that we are at a much higher risk for psychiatric illness today than our ancestors, triggered by modern-day stress , competitiveness, high ambitions, wanting too much too quickly etc.The World Health Organization (WHO) has cited depression as the leading cause of disability and the third leading cause of disease burden worldwide (World Health Organization, 2008; Marcus M et al, WHO paper on depression, 2012). It also predicts that by 2030, depression will be the leading cause of disease burden globally (WHO, 2008). Not surprising, as 15-20% of the world's population, irrespective of class, culture or nationality, experiences clinical 'major depression' at some point in their lives\u2014this is increasingly true in India too. Relatives of patients often ask agonizingly: \"Doctor, he has everything\u2014there are no stressors\u2014everything is fine at home, he has a great job, lovely kids, everything is fine with us: then how can HE be depressed?\" One then explains that it is no one's fault, as it is caused by a combination of biological, psychological and social factors. Genetics play a major role, which means that having a family member with mental illness puts one at a higher risk (just like in heart disease or diabetes). Brain chemicals such as serotonin, norepinephrine, dopamine, etc are involved. Life events merely act as triggers, they do not cause mental illness. Technology, although a boon in many ways, can add to the statistics: internet addiction, cellphone-related insomnia, and addiction to networking sites causing or worsening psychological problems.Furthermore, costs of not treating psychiatric illness are enormous, and include costs of lost productivity (employee absence, decreased focus), associated medical illnesses (untreated major depression can trigger major illnesses such as diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, heart disease etc) and even lost lives (rising rates of student suicides, increased accident rate among depressed individuals) (Greenberg et al, 2005; Iosifescu et al, 2004; Leon GF, 2003; Charlson et al, 2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759915", "title": "Mumbai doctor 'locks up' patient, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor with a Malwani hospital was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly assaulting a patient and confining him in a room over his inability to clear a part of his bill. Accused Pranav Kabra runs Raksha Hospital at Malwani.The patient, Malwani resident Ali Hasan Mohammad Yusuf, was felling uneasy last week and went to his family doctor, Anwar Siddiqui. Siddiqui asked him to get a check-up done at the Raksha Hospital. On October 4, Yusuf collapsed at home. His son went through the prescription in his pocket and took him to Raksha.Cops said Yusuf paid Rs 5,000 at the time of admission. \"I told the doctors that I couldn't afford to stay at the hospital for long and they assured me that I wouldn't be charged much. On October 5, they asked for a payment of Rs 8,000, which we made,\" Yusuf said. On Tuesday, Yusuf was presented with a Rs-28,000 bill, which he refused to pay. This sparked an argument between him and Kabra. Yusuf called Siddiqui, but the latter's intervention did not help.\"Yusuf said Kabra then assaulted and verbally abused him and locked him in a cabin for over two hours,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude. Yusuf managed to call for help. He was later treated at Bhagwati Hospital and discharged on Wednesday. Kabra, who was subsequently arrested and later released on bail, could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760279", "title": "Police look to weed out drug menace", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of the Goa police has once again highlighted that the coastal belt is highly vulnerable to the drug trade. Superintendent of police (ANC) O P Mishra said that the police would crack down on drug pushers and traffickers in the state.Speaking to reporters, Mishra said that the tourist season has started and that the ANC is geared up to fight the menace of drug trafficking in the state. \"The entire coastal belt is vulnerable. We are accordingly planning our actions,\" Mishra said.Mishra said that the ANC has revived the whole team; \"we have assigned ANC cops specific beats. We have got the constables specially selected and they were asked whether they are willing to work with the ANC,\" Mishra further said, adding that he is aware of the allegation of ANC cops' nexus with drug peddlersHe also said that ANC is in process of procuring new technological gadgets to fight this menace. He also said that community also plays a very important role in sharing information because if somebody coming here he try to develop some kind of rapport with the local community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760323", "title": "CBI probing HUDCO loan to Kolkata company for captive plant", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has initiated a probe into the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited's (HUDCO) financing of a captive power plant (CPP) in Chhattisgarh promoted by a Kolkata-based company. The company was sanctioned a loan of Rs 24 crore by HUDCO which neither set up the CPP nor repaid the loan.CBI has recently seized documents from HUDCO's Bhopal office, where Surendra Singhai - the then regional officer who had disbursed the loan - is currently stationed said CBI sources. The officer had allegedly released the entire loan amount to the company without assessing the progress of the captive plant.HUDCO is likely to incur a loss of nearly Rs 30 -35 cr for funding the project, said CBI sources.Sources said, HUDCO had sanctioned Rs 24.50 cr for to Sunil Ispat &amp; Power Ltd (SIPL) for construction of the 12 MW Captive Power Plant at Cheraipani, Raigarh in 2006. The CPP was part of company's Rs 50 cr integrated project which included set up of sponge iron plant, coal washery, and steel melting shop.While HUDCO financed CPP, their remaining project was financed by the State Bank of India (SBI), Bank of Baroda (BOB), Central Bank of India (CBI) and Syndicate Bank of Kolkata Branch. SBI's industrial branch Kolkata acted as lead lender for the project and was lender's agent.The loan was processed at HUDCO's Kolkata regional office (except escrow agreement, which were later done at the HUDCO Raipur regional office). The company, said sources, defaulted the HUDCO loan and their account was declared NPA in 2009. Interestingly, the company, said CBI sources, kept on repaying the loan to other banks when their loan was already converted into NPA to HUDCO.The value of company's assets also deteriorated to a great extent because of the non-operation of plant for long time, say bank sources. Efforts were also made to sell the whole/complete integrated plant at a total prize of Rs 60-65 cr. The total outstanding dues of the lenders are more than Rs 80 cr.Since HUDCO funded component - CPP-did not come up, other banks refused to share the assets as the security for the recovery of HUDCO loan.When contacted on the company's numbers, an officer who wished not to be quoted said that the company in question was sold in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16760164", "title": "Cue sports left with a begging bowl", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian cue sports, which boasts of several world champions and Asian medallists, has been left to fend for itself after the Union government recently decided it would no longer back the sport.In a letter to the Billiards and Snooker Federation of India (BSFI), the Sports Authority of India stated that the federation would not get financial support from the government any longer. The reason: cue sports is not part of the Asian Games or the Olympics.The worst sufferers will be the players who have relied on the government to fund their exposure tours and competitive outings abroad. \"Since billiards and snooker are neither part of the Asian Games 2014 nor an event recognised in the Olympic Games of 2016 and 2020, financial support of the government under the National Sports Federation (scheme) will be stopped to BSFI from now onwards,\" a SAI communique to the federation said.However, SAI officials pointed out that this is but a temporary phase. Apparently, a shortfall in the budget for this year, after the spending on OPEX 2012 and the awards ceremonies, has led the government to prioritise its spending.In their recent meeting with BSFI, SAI officials explained the gravity of the situation but promised them that they wouldn't let the sport down.The officials also hoped that SAI would be able to loosen its purse strings in next year's budget. \"It is wrong to assume that cue sports alone has been targeted. There are a few other sports too which will have to endure heavy budget cuts. But this is just a passing phase. Things will be brighter in the next financial year. We also told BSFI that there are other schemes through which players can receive funds for their training and exposure tours. We can help them through these schemes,\" a top SAI source told TOI.The fear in the sports fraternity is that the new official policy, which encourages special focus on 10 sports and games with an eye on 2016 and 2020 Olympics, may deprive the other sports of their share.However, a top sports ministry official was equally emphatic when he said that the ministry wouldn't allow serious imbalances to creep in while allocating funds. \"We are here to promote sports. The 10 elite sports disciplines will get special attention. At the same time, we will not ignore other sports,\" sports secretary PK Deb told TOI.BSFI secretary S Balasubramaniam said the decision has come as a big shock to BSFI. \"Among the cue sports players are numerous Arjuna awardees, two Padmashri, one Padma Bhushan and two Rajiv Khel Ratna winners. Besides, this is the only sport to have won 29 world titles for the country. We fetched the country medals in the last Asian Games in Guangzhou and Doha too, in the previous edition. We thought the government could have been more considerate to our sport,\" he said.\"This decision will hit the players hard. We were managing the camps on our own but were totally dependent on the government for exposure tours, which cost around Rs 60 lakh annually. With around 50 players regularly figuring in such tours, raising such a big amount will be a challenge,\" he said.Bala also pointed out that it was time to start afresh. \"The government told us about other schemes which can help our players. At the same time, we need to sound out potential sponsors. At this time we don't know whether we will succeed. It is going to be a big challenge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760636", "title": "Deo opposes NIB for overlooking Forest Rights Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh against the finance ministry's proposal to set up National Investment Board (NIB), tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo on Wednesday, too, opposed any hasty clearances overlooking the Forest Rights Act (FRA).\"If you want to fast track any project, fast-track the implementation of the laws,\" Deo said referring to the clearance required under the FRA.He avoided taking on NIB directly as he is yet to receive the Cabinet proposal for his ministry's comments. He said, \"I have not expressed my opinion about NIB. My insistence is about the implementation of FRA and PESA. Laws of the land should be enforced, when they have been enacted by Parliament.\"Earlier, TOI had reported Natarajan's letter to the PM calling the proposal completely unacceptable in its current form.The finance ministry had asked for the environment ministry's comments on the proposal within 24 hours, leading Natarajan to call the urgency as \"disturbing\". Asking for proper examination by all ministries concerned before making the sweeping changes, she had warned that NIB could not replace the expertise of the environment ministry's statutory bodies and only cater to interests of big investment promoters and weed out other stakeholders.Deo, speaking along similar lines, said, \"However important a project may be, it cannot be more important than the livelihood of millions of people. After all, the UPA government has voiced its opinion that it is for inclusive growth. Any development or project cannot ignore the concern of the poorest of poor living in the country. We cannot ignore the interests and voice of tribal people.\"The provisions under the FRA and orders of the environment ministry to ensure concurrence of the affected gram sabha before diverting forestlands for projects has been under attack from various arms of the government even though the specific provisions are yet to be implemented in most cases.When asked, if rigid stands taken by some ministries were blocking projects, Deo said, \"I am here to protect the interests of tribals. I am here to see the laws enacted by Parliament are implemented. If you think these laws (FRA and PESA) are obstacles, disband this (tribal affairs) ministry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761061", "title": "FIR against Bangalore DD chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Yelahanka New Town police have registered a case against Mahesh Joshi , deputy director-general of Doordarshan Kendra, Bangalore, after a private complaint was filed against him in a city court recently.The court had asked police to file a case against him under Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989, after a civil judge ordered the same based on a complaint filed by Ashok, an employee of the Doordarshan Kendra and Benson Town resident.Ashok has accused Joshi of transferring him to the Yelahanka unit of All-India Radio (AIR) after he appeared as a witness against Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762086", "title": "Minor raped in Kanpur Dehat", "text": "KANPUR: A 14-year-old girl was allegedly gangraped by three men behind Rasoolabad police station premises on Wednesday.The incident took place while the victim, who hails from Indergarh area of Kannauj district, was visiting her grandmother in Tulsipur village under Rasoolabad police area. After she went missing for some time, her parents approached Rasoolabad police station to file a missing person's complaint. Later, they found the girl near a water-pump behind the police station and alerted the police.The girl has stated that she was forcibly dragged to a desolate spot close to the police station by three youths. The trio thereafter gagged her, took turns to rape her, and fled from the scene after threatening her of dire consequences. The victim said she fell unconscious after the first youth forced himself upon her.The police got the girl's medical examination conducted at Kanpur Dehat district hospital, informed her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16761264", "title": "Doctor found dead in Ajmer medical college", "text": "AJMER: A resident doctor of JLN Medical College here, E Katoor, was found dead in his room on Wednesday. A native of Bangalore, he was also studying for post graduation in Orthopedics . He is the only child of his parents, said sources. According to the police, he might have committed suicide as a used syringe was found in his room.There was no sign of poison or any scar on the body and the police are waiting for his parents to arrive before conducting post-mortem.Katoor had taken a rented accommodation in Christianganj area after getting admission to the medical college. \"His mother came here to stay with him and left for Bangalore last week,\" said Chetan, the landlord of Katoor. He added that Katoor was a good person and today at about 7.30 in the morning he asked for some snacks. \"He was not in a good mood but I cannot say whether he was in depression ,\" he said.The incident came to light when his friends reached his room at around 11.30 in the morning. \"It was locked from inside and there was no response. We removed the ventilator and then opened the door,\" said a friend. They added that the body was lying on the floor.The incident shocked the students of medical college. \"He was working in the operation theatre and was a hardworking doctor. He was on duty till midnight on Tuesday and had no problem there,\" said Anant Kotia, president of resident doctors' association.Kotia added that it could be possible that Katoor was undergoing stress as resident doctors had to work for long hours and without a break. \"There were no leaves for several months, especially for new resident doctors. The working conditions are such that they do not even get time for their meals,\" added Kotia. He said that a condolence meeting will be held at 9 am in the morning in the casualty of JLN hospital where students and doctors will pay homage to the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762451", "title": "17-year-old girl raped, murdered in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A 17-year-old college student was raped and murdered in Dharmasthala on Tuesday night. The deceased has been identified as Nirmala (name changed), a II PUC student of SDM College in Ujire.Her father is a contractor and she was the second child of the five children the couple has.According to police, eyewitnesses had seen the girl get down from a bus in Pangala, 8 km from Ujire, near Shantivana Hospital to go to her house. From the bus stop she needs to walk about a kilometer through a deserted place to reach her house.The victim's body was found at a deserted spot inside the forest near her house at 11am by villagers, who later informed police.The girl's parents and relatives searched all night for her. They lodged a complaint with police when they could not trace her.Police said the girl's clothes (uniform) were torn and her hands were bound with the uniform shawl. They suspected that the girl may have been strangled after the brutal act. Belthangady police, have registered a case and the investigating is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759736", "title": "'Swine flu cases may be under-reported'", "text": "NAGPUR: A two-year old was taken to the doctor as he was suffering from fever and coughing continually. The doctor suspected the little one was suffering from swine flu and asked the parents to get him tested at a government authorized centre. The parents hesitated to go to the government hospital and said they would take a second opinion. Two days later, the child passed away with the doctor still telling them he was sure it had been suffering from swine flu.A woman from a village in Katol consulted a doctor from the city for a fever that was not subsiding despite medications. Being weekend, she could not get screened before two days. So, the doctor gave her some antibiotics. Three days later, the fever had subsided. City doctors believe that the number of swine flu victims with the government may be less than the actual incidence of the disease. They say the similarity of the symptoms to other viral infections, the increased immunity against H1N1 and delay in going to the government authorized screening centre are among the reasons for this.\"As the symptoms of cold, viral fever and swine flu are similar, many times the disease may be confused with other infections. Many times a higher dose of antibiotics may heal the infection, specially in considerably healthy people whose immune systems can fight the virus. At times, it is not possible for us to follow the cases after we advise them to get screened,\" said Dr Prashant Nikhade, ENT specialist and former president of city branch of Indian Medical Association. He added that even if someone was detected with H1N1, there should be no panic as the disease could be treated with proper and timely medication.Senior paediatrician Dr Uday Bodhankar agreed. He said, \"Cough, fever, fatigue and diarrhoea are common symptoms of all viral diseases including swine flu. These days we are seeing more people with dengue-like fever that raises the suspicion of swine flu. It is highly likely that the cases of the disease are being under detected and so under-reported.\" Also, swine flu would not top the doctors mind when the common flu-like symptoms show, he said.\"The load at the authorized centres is such that the reports are delayed many times while the patient is put on medication. Two years ago, pneumonia and swine flu had both taken epidemic proportion as the viruses causing the two diseases need similar conditions to thrive. Now, however, cases of pneumonia are still high but not so for swine flu,\" said paediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762220", "title": "Ex-serviceman shot dead by miscreants", "text": "VARANASI: Mahendra Singh Yadav (48), an ex-serviceman was shot dead by some miscreants with .9mm pistol near his tube-well in Izri village under Sohwal police station in Ghazipur district on Tuesday night.According to reports, Mahendra had organised a feast for his friends at his tube-well, situated few hundred meters from his residence, on Tuesday evening. This party ended around midnight after which Mahendra slept on a cot near the tube-well. Some miscreants raided the place and tried to take Mahendra to some other place with his cot. Mahendra tried to protest.However, before he could raise an alarm, the miscreants sprayed bullets on him and fled from the scene. Hearing the sound of firing, his family members and villagers reached the incident site where Mahendra was found lying in a pool of blood. He died on the spot.On receiving information of the incident, police reached the incident site and sent the body for postmortem. Mahendra's family lodged a named FIR with police in this connection. It is suspected that Mahendra was killed in some family dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16761439", "title": "Student dies in university lab", "text": "NADIA: A 21-year-old student of horticulture was found dead in the agriculture lab of Bidhan Chandra Krishi Vishwa Vidyalaya (BCKV) on Wednesday.Sources said that Debashis Soren had gone to the lab to collect a manual and collapsed suddenly. Soren had already died by the time the university doctor reached. was a student of 4th semester in Horticulture department of BCKV. He was a resident of Ghatal Chandrakona in East Midnapur.BCKV sources said, Debashis went to bring a manual from a lab of agricultural department in the versity on Wednesday morning. But suddenly he failed on the ground and became unconscious. The versity doctor rushed to the spot and found he was died.Vice-chancellor Saroj Kumar Sanyal said, \"He may have died of stroke. We have arranged to send the body to his home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760546", "title": "Maya defers decision on support to UPA govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati on Tuesday said that though the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre has failed on all the fronts, she will continue to support it. \"It's true that the UPA's policies and decisions are anti-people, but I need some more time to review the situation and make up my mind for the final call,\" she said.Addressing the media after the meetings of BSP national working committee and parliamentary board on the issue, she said: \"After Tuesday's rally, the members of the national working committee and parliamentary board held a meeting in which the decision on support to UPA was discussed threadbare. The two committees also met on Wednesday morning. After the meetings, the party has come to the conclusion that UPA's policy has resulted in high inflation and economic crisis in the country. In 2009, the BSP had extended outside support to the Congress-led UPA government to keep the BJP at bay. The BSP then was also of the view that the UPA will work for dalits, farmers, backwards and minorities but the performance of the Central government has been very poor. Today, the country is suffering because of anti-people policies of the UPA.\"With a stern face, the BSP chief repeated several times that the party is not satisfied with the performance of the UPA. Mayawati's strong-worded severe criticism of the UPA gave an impression that she would announce withdrawal of support. \"After discussing the matter in detail the party has decided ... (a long pause with every one waiting with baited breath)... to authorise me to take a final decision on withdrawal of support after reviewing the situation prevailing in the country again,\" she said with a smile, ending the suspense but leaving reporters disappointed.She read the faces of the journalists and her smile conveyed that she enjoyed seeing them disappointed after hearing that she has decided to put the decision on support to UPA on hold for the time being.Mayawati said that after reviewing the situation again, she will take a final call at an 'appropriate time' and inform the media. Mayawati, who usually leaves press conference after reading out her statement, stayed back and asked the reporters to ask questions. She refused to reply the queries on the Supreme Court notice on disproportionate case against her, saying the issue for which she has called the press conference is different.When reminded that she had on September 16 said that she will discuss the matter with party members and announce the decision after the rally called on the occasion of BSP founder Kanshiram's death anniversary, Mayawati said that since did not get time to look into the issue because everyone was busy preparing for rally.Mayawati said that she will take the final decision soon and convey to media. In the meantime, she said that she has asked party workers to hold expose the Central government's corruption and anti-people policies by holding cadre camps, public meetings, demonstration and protests across the country. She has also asked the cadres to be ready for snap polls which can take place any time before schedule in view of a state of instability at the Centre. She said after seeing huge turnout in the rally and enthusiasm of the participants, her party was confident that it would perform well in Lok Sabha elections this time.The BSP has 20 MPs in the Lok Sabha which are crucial for the UPA government after withdrawal of support by the Trinmool Congress with 19 MPs.The BSP's move to defer its decision on issue-based support to the UPA assumes significance in the light of the Supreme Court notice in which it has said that CBI is free to probe the disproportionate assets case against Mayawati, if permission is granted by the state government. It also depends on the CBI whether it will pursue the case or not. And, the CBI is under control of the Centre.Mayawati is also not ready to go to polls. She wants more time to galvenise party cadre and wait for the time when the anti-incumbency against the SP government provides her maximum electoral benefit. Further, even after Mayawati's withdrawal of support, UPA can survive with the support of the SP with 22 MPs. As a result, Maya wants to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761865", "title": "One-time settlement for stamp duty defaulters", "text": "KOCHI: District registration department has come up with a one-time settlement scheme for defaulters in land undervaluation cases. Defaulters should pay the amount fixed for each category at the sub-registrar offices before December 31. The department tracked registered title deeds that did not pay the correct tax and sub registrars then sent notice to the land owners. But many of them failed to pay the amount. So, the registration department introduced a one-time settlement scheme to collect the amount.According to the department, those having land up to five cents within corporation limits should pay Rs 2,000 while those in municipal areas should pay Rs 1,000. Those belonging to the same category in panchayat areas have been exempted from paying the amount. Those having 10 cents to 50 cents should pay Rs 10,000. The settlement amounts for the same in municipal and panchayat areas are Rs 5,000 and Rs 2,000 respectively.Persons who own over 50 cents within corporation limits should pay Rs 12,000 or 6% of the stamp duty they paid at the time of registration, or whichever is greater. In municipal areas it is either 4% of the stamp duty or Rs 7,000, or whichever is greater. For panchayat regions, the amount will be 2.5% of the stamp duty or Rs 3,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762214", "title": "Modern history students get jobs through KPSC too", "text": "MYSORE: A sharp spike in the demand for the history postgraduate course at University of Mysore reflects an increase in job opportunities.Chairman of the department of modern history at University of Mysore, N Saraswathi said, \"We conduct an entrance exam and put up a merit list of the candidates.\" Last year, the highest score on the merit list was 74% and the lowest was 62%, but this year, the highest score is 84% with the lowest being 66%, a record in the past five years.Now, candidates with specialization in history subjects obtain jobs through the Karnataka Public Service Commission while earlier, candidates had only the teaching profession open to them. Of this department, 48 alumni are now part of the Karnataka Administrative Service and five have taken up Indian Administrative Service.\"The scope for an MPhil in modern history, ancient history and archaeology has also increased. The seats for MPhil in modern history were limited to 20. This year, we received more than 100 applications so the seats were increased to 30,\" Saraswathi added.For 10 limited seats for MPhil in ancient history and archaeology, the varsity received around 70 applications this year, and the seats were increased to 18. Head of department MP Mahadevan, commenting on the sudden demand for the course said,\"There is a lot of scope for researchers of archaeology in India. They get to work with the central government and Archaeological Survey of India.\"After postgraduation, students who get through the NET are appointed as lecturers or junior research fellows.MPhil student Ravikumar MB said: \"I want to take up research as history is the mother of all subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760967", "title": "Parents to crack nursery code", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the 21st century, getting your child admitted to a preschool has been one of the most challenging tasks for and parents. Take the example of Sheena Singh of Sarabha Nagar. These days she is busy honing her 3-year-old son Shantanu's communication skills \u2014 teaching him basic habits like saying 'thank you', 'good morning', and 'excuse me'. Meanwhile, Sheena and her husband are also making sure they brush up their communication skills, make themselves look presentable and keep up to date with the happenings of the world \u2014 all in an attempt to crack the \" nursery code\" during the \"interaction\" session to grab a seat in the city's best school.For most schools in the city, nursery and kindergarten admission forms, online as well as hard copy, will be available from the mid October or November. And \"hassled\" parents in the city are leaving no stone unturned to prepare well for \"interaction\" to make sure that their kids succeed in making their first impression. This year DAV Public School, Delhi Public School, Sacred Heart Convent School, Sat Paul Mittal, Bal Bharti emerged as the most favoured choices for city parents.Besides parents, many play schools in the city are also preparing families for admission by taking separate sessions for the kids and parents. Questions like, \"Do you spend enough time with your children?\", \"What outdoor activities do you share with your child?\", \"Is your child moody and how do you cope with the mood swings?\" and \"Who is more close to the child?\"... are just some of the \"interaction\" queries parents are being prepared for.Principal Cherub Pre-school Ruchika Arora said, \"We have 17 toddlers in the school who will be applying for admissions this year. We are taking special care of these kids by helping them develop their interactive skills. Teachers are also making sure kids are active participants in outdoor activities so that they get to identify the surroundings well, which will help them grab a seat.\"DAV Public School regional director R S Patial said, \"Every year we have about 500 admission applications for 300 seats in the primary section. Thus it becomes really tough to sort the best. I feel parents should not be worrying about the admission process, rather they should be filling the forms properly.\"Meanwhile, some \"anxious\" parents, who declined to be named, commented that the admission \"interaction\" is tough on them too, adding that schools interrogate them with \"irrelevant\" queries ranging from questions about their profession to pay scales and their family backgrounds. \"Such questions obviously build unnecessary pressure,\" said a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "16761747", "title": "Relatives of fishermen held in Qatar worry for their safety", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: The 22 fishermen from Kanyakumari working in Bahrain who were arrested by the Qatar Coast Guard on trespassing charges on October 7 were moved to an interrogation cell, which has caused panic among their relatives. The latter fear the fishermen will be locked up in prison for many days. Most of the arrested fishermen belong to the western coast of Kanyakumari district and though many coastal villages are aware of these trespassing charges, relatives at Colachel are panic-ridden, social workers said. Among the 22 fishermen, six belong to this coastal town.B Sakunthala of Migrant Forum , a social worker who visited these families on Wednesday, said the families were deeply concerned about the wellbeing of their loved ones. \"They are scared and women are moaning like in funerals. It took some time to convince them that the fishermen will be released without any harm,\" Sakunthala said.P Justin Antony of the Tamil Nadu Fishermen Development Trust in Kanyakumari said the fear was because of incidents in 2010 when 49 fishermen arrested by Qatar officials on various dates had to spend five months to one year in prison. \"So the families are scared their relatives may also end up in prison for longer terms. We have taken it up with Fisheries Department of the state government. The department has taken measures and intimated the Qatar Embassy in New Delhi,\" he said. However, the families of the fishermen refused to speak with mediapersons claiming that it will affect the concerns of the fishermen in custody.Meanwhile, fishermen associations in Bahrain said the situation was not so alarming. Prabaker Vincent, general secretary of the Kanyakumari Fishermen Association in Bahrain, told TOI over phone that the sponsor of the fishermen had already reached Qatar and had initiated measures for their release. \"We should be worried only when the sponsor does not take such measures. In this case, we have received information that the sponsor has already landed in Qatar and is proceeding with the legalities. He may have to pay a fine for trespassing and we are also closely following the issue,\" he said. The fishermen will be released very shortly and there is nothing to fear about their wellbeing as they will be treated with dignity in the interrogation cell or in prison,\" said Prabaker, who has dealt with previous such cases.Bahrain sources said only when the sponsor refuses to act, the issue is taken up by Indian Embassy. There is nothing the state government of Tamil Nadu or the Government of India can do in this matter, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761405", "title": "Ore 'thieves' breathe easy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mine owners are hopeful that they may yet come out unscathed for the looting of ores worth thousands of crores from the state in the past few years. This self assurance comes even as members of the M B Shah commission are probing into the mining scam in Odisha.Ever since the mining scam broke, mines owners have been under glare for their role in siphoning of ores. They were pushed to a corner when the Centre announced the judicial inquiry commission on November 22, 2010, to investigate illegal mining in different states.While announcing the probe commission, the Centre had said, \"Illegal mining (in Odisha) has taken place on a large-scale in forest areas by misusing the provisions of deemed extension. This was also confirmed by the Central Empowered Committee appointed by the Supreme Court.\" The central announcement also referred to regulatory deficiencies leading to transport \"in large quantities (of ore) out of the state by rail\".However, a July 26 notification by the Union mines ministry announcing amendment of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, seems to have come in handy for the beleaguered mine owners to escape the blame. The notification, which came almost 20 months after the Centre constituted the Shah commission, gave a new definition to \"illegal mining\". It said, \"Illegal mining means any reconnaissance or prospecting or mining operation undertaken by any person or a company in any area without holding a reconnaissance permit or a prospecting license or, as the case may be, a mining lease.\" It further clarified: \"Violation of any rules, other than the rules made under Section 23C of the Act, within the mining lease shall not include illegal mining.\"Mine owners, who admitted to large-scale siphoning of ores in Odisha, cite the government order as virtually giving them a clean chit. \"The fact that iron ore and manganese worth lakhs of crores were looted from the state cannot be disputed. But bulk of the mining happened in areas not given on lease. Whatever excess production took place in mines lawfully leased out would be at best treated as violation of the existing rules attracting penal provisions,\" said a mine owner. He, however, added: \"In either case, the state government was solely responsible for not intervening in time to check excess production from lease hold mines or illegal extraction of ore from none-lease areas. We are unnecessarily blamed when the people in power ostensibly closed their eyes to the large-scale looting of ores that went on for years. The minerals were smuggled by thousands of trucks and also by rail from Keonjhar and Sundergarh districts.\" The mine owner suggested that the Shah commission should make field visits to get a feel of illegal mining in non-lease areas.A September 5 letter from the Union mines secretary to the Odisha chief secretary further exposes the state government's failure in protecting its precious natural resources. The letter was in response to a query made on May 14 regarding the role of the Odisha government and the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) on the issue of violation of production limits in mining plan. The letter said though the IBM regulates the mining plan, it is done in \"clear knowledge of the state government, with whom mining plan details and reports on mining operations are shared.\" The letter said that \"the state governments have clear powers to tackle any offences related to mining outside the lease area\" and cautioned not to treat violations of provisions of laws in lease area as grounds to declare any mine as illegally occupied, which, it said \"may not stand in a court of law\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760448", "title": "Two Pithampur companies under enforcement directorate radar", "text": "INDORE: The enforcement directorate (ED) has initiated a preliminary inquiry against two Pithampur-based companies under the prevention of money laundering Act (PMLA).The ED has started its probe after the MP pollution control board (MPPCB) has filed cases in district court against Great Gallian (Ghata Billod) and MP Waste Management Project (Pithampur). Great Gallian is into rectified spirit and foreign liquor bottling, MP Waste Management Project is into waste management.Talking to TOI on condition of anonymity, an ED official said, \"We can take action in cases where we find the PMLA violation to the tune of Rs 30 lakh or more. We are yet to ascertain the figure in each of these two cases.\"MPPCB has in its chargesheet against the two companies alleged violation of Environment Protection Act, Water Protection Act and Air Pollution Control Act. Certain provisions of these acts are covered by PMLA too.As per the norms the two companies were supposed to install incinerators in trucks, which transported their wastes from the factories. However, in their bid to save money, they didn't install the incinerators. As a result, the hazardous wastes spilled from the trucks while being transported.The pollution control board found in its observation that water and husk were supposed to be transported in the ratio of 60:40. The trucks were without any lining. Consequently samples were collected by the MPPCB and it was later found that a raw lagoon had been formed in the premises, rather than the steel lagoon which created the entire problem.Sources familiar with the development said that the companies in question have their reply said that construction of steel lagoon was under progress. The complaint had been filed by a farmer from Shajhwaya village near Labab in Pithampur, Shankar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762683", "title": "Teachers' role in preventing student suicides stressed", "text": "MYSORE: More than 350 million people in India suffer from depression, revealed Prof Jyothi S Madagaonkar from the department of studies in psychology during the daylong workshop for teachers on students' mental health.The event was organized by the UGC-Academy Staff College, University of Mysore, as a part of World Mental Health Day celebrations.She stressed on the need for teachers to act as \"doctors\" at times and be aware of the mental health of their \"patients\". The World Health Organization defines mental health as the physical, social and psychological well-being of an individual, and teachers play an important role in ensuring this, she said.She also revealed that every hour six students commit suicide due to depression that is borne out of stress. \"Students these days are burdened with responsibilities and are unable to cop up with stress. They have hectic schedules and are at times deprived of a normal childhood which would include time for extra co-curricular activities and non-competitive sports ,\" she said. Madagaonkar stressed on the need to have a counsellor in every school who the students can talk to when they are going through depression. \"Do not sympathize with a child who is depressed, but empathize and provide necessary treatment,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759740", "title": "Shinde asks Haryana govt to prevent growing rape cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports of several incidents of rape in Haryana, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Wednesday said the Centre was constantly monitoring the situation there but it was the responsibility of the state government to check such crimes.\"We are constantly monitoring it. You know that due to the Constitution we can't interfere. We have to be careful. State government has more responsibility,\" he said.Shinde said UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had met family members of one of the rape victims on Tuesday in a Haryana village and efforts were being made to stop such crimes.\"It is a very sad matter that such atrocities are being committed against dalits. We are discussing how to take strict measures. Our people have spoken to the DGP and I will also speak to the Chief Minister,\" he said.Asked about activities of Khap panchayats in Haryana, which often issue diktats to society members on different issues, Shinde said, \"In India, we have to abide by the Indian law.\"On the allegations of withdrawal of security cover to some Congress leaders in Punjab, Shinde said security should be given those whose threat perception was high. \"I have written to Uttar Pradesh (government), I have written to Punjab (government). It is the responsibility of both state and the Central governments to provide security to those whose threat perception is high,\" he said.On the investigation into the Pune blast on August 1, he said, \"We have gone ahead and we would be successful in Pune investigation. There is progress but I do not want to disclose because we are still waiting for two-three persons.\"Asked whether there was any progress on Telangana issue, the home minister said discussion was going on with some MPs and MLAs but there was no progress.\"There is no discussion about all party meeting now. We are discussing. I am discussing with many people, MPs, MLAs and others,\" he said.Shinde, however, said there was no discussion with Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) as no one from the regional party has come to discuss with him.Asked about allegations against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, he said everyday something or the other was coming out in the media but if someone has any issue, they should approach court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759462", "title": "Food fest on beach upsets locals", "text": "CHENNAI: Arusuvai Thiruvizha, a street food festival that is set to begin on Elliot's Beach on Friday, will not only leave on a relatively clean stretch of coastline filthy but is also likely to damage the ecologically sensitive area, claim residents and civic activists.Preparations for what is being touted as the 'largest street food festival in India' are underway, with more than 40 tents being set up on the north end of the beach from Urur Kuppam to Schmidt Memorial. Funds raised through the fete, organised by a voluntary organisation, will be used to develop an economically backward village in the state.However, civic and environmental activists and residents have taken exception to the location chosen for the food festival. \"A street food festival should only be held on streets, not a beach,\" said Kamakshi Sundaram, an activist and resident of Besant Nagar.Residents on Wednesday submitted a petition to the chief minister's cell, requesting that the venue be changed. \"The food festival will generate a massive amount of garbage,\" said Shanthi Krishnan, vice-president of Kalakshetra Colony Welfare Association.Marine biologists said festivals organised on beaches can over time have a severe impact on marine life in the area. \"Besant Nagar earlier used to be called 'Aamaiyur' or land of turtles,\" said marine biologist Babu. \"With hundreds of temporary structures coming up along the beach the number of crabs and turtles has dwindled.\" He said the rules stipulate there should be no human activity that can affect the ecosystem within 500 metres of the highest tide levels.Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body has only issued a no-objection certificate for the event and listed 12 conditions that organisers will have to meet. \"The shoreline is under the control of the public works department,\" he said. \"If the organisers have violated any of the conditions, we will force them to leave the beach immediately,\" he said. Public works department officials said they do not issue clearances and the right lies with the civic body.\"We have got permission from the civic body, pollution control board and public works department to use 1,00,000 sqft of the beach,\" said Sriram, a member of Rotary Club, which is organising the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16761838", "title": "Campaign to make autos green-friendly in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Greener Auto, an initiative to reduce pollution levels by autorickshaws, was launched here by Bangalore-based Three Wheels United and Dhan Foundation. The initiative aims to sensitise the drivers about the benefits of reducing auto exhaust by using four-stroke engines in place of two-stroke engines and helping the autorickshaw drivers adopt this conversion in the engines.Stef Van Dongen of The Netherlands from Three Wheels United interacted with 20 autorickshaw drivers in the city and detailed them about the benefits of converting their vehicles into four-stroke engines. His organisation in Bangalore works with autorickshaw drivers to help them get bank loans to procure the vehicles.S Akiladevi, regional co-ordinator of Greener Auto, who is also from Kalanjiam Unit of Dhan said that they will be reaching out to 450 autorickshaw drivers for the initiative. \"Four-stroke engines reduce the automobile exhaust by 40% when compared to two-stroke engines, but there are not many four-stroke autorickshaws in the city. Many of the auto drivers believe that they may have to procure new autorickshaws for four-stroke engines though the two-stroke engines can be easily converted by spending between Rs 4,000 to 7,000,\" she said. The initiative will also provide loans for the drivers to convert their engines. \"We will form the drivers into activity groups and provide them the loans for conversion,\" she added.During the interaction, the autorickshaw drivers asked Dongen about the possibility of battery-operated cars to reduce the pollution further. He told them that his organisation is working on that option as well. \"Battery-operated rickshaws are still in the research phase and once they are introduced, we will try to help the drivers procure them as well,\" he said.Dongen also interacted with a mechanic, Chandran, who told him that there are not many mechanics available in the city for four-stroke engines and there is a need to sensitise them as well. After the launch of the initiative, R Karupiah, an auto driver from Anna Bus Stand was given the loan amount of Rs 4,000 for the conversion. Karupiah later said that he wanted to grab the opportunity as the first person. \"I may have initial hiccups after converting since the engine has to adjust for the mileage. But I want to be the first one to adapt to pollution-less auto in the city,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759468", "title": "Kidnapped by father\u2019s rivals, Chennai boy rescued in Andhra Pradesh town", "text": "CHENNAI: A 14-year-old student, who was kidnapped on Monday morning from his school in Ayanavaram by a four-member gang was rescued from Podili in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday, police said. Two of the gang, Vinukonda Nageswara Rao of Guntur and Mallikarjuna of Nellore, were arrested and police teams are camping in Podili to nab the others.The gang members wanted to settle scores with the boy's father who allegedly cheated them after they brought several depositors to his association, police said. Police teams spent sleepless nights pursuing various cl-ues before finding the boy in a lodge in Podili, they added.Jacob Sudhir, a Class 9 student, was about to enter the Railway Matriculation Higher Secondary School when he was whisked away by the four. They then called up Sudhir's father Suresh Babu and demanded that he return the money he owed them.The gang members were agents of the 'Youth and Strength Social Welfare Association' run by Suresh Babu. They collected money from various depositors and gave it to Babu. When he failed to repay it, the agents came under pressure and started threatening Suresh Babu, police said.\"Based on a complaint, we short-listed the agents who had threatened Suresh Babu in the last couple of days. The gang members were agents of the association run by the boy's father,\" said additional commissioner of police P Thamaraikannan.Suresh Babu allegedly owed 75 lakh to Nagarjuna Rao and 14 lakh to Mallikarjuna, police said. A police team visited various districts in the neighbouring state like Prakasam and Nellore before zeroing in on the lodge in Podili. After his rescue, the boy told the police he had been taken in a blue Maruti and initially lodged in the house of one of the gang. Later, he was taken to the lodge. They bought him new clothes and fed him. \"They did not harass me and allowed me to talk to my parents,\" Sudhir said.Chennai police commissioner S George has appreciated the police team for rescuing the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760970", "title": "PCMC, PCNTDA demolish two illegal constructions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) carried out two separate drives to demolish unauthorized constructions on Wednesday.The PCNTDA demolished one unauthorized construction along the road parallel to Akurdi railway station in Sector 30. The building housed 37 shops such as a two-wheeler showroom, welding workshop, grocery shop, hotels and others. The total built-up area of the construction was 21,400 sq.ft.\"The total land freed after the demolition is 4.5 acres. Part of this land was reserved for railways,\" said PCNTDA's public relations officer Ramchandra Dekhane. V K Patil, executive engineer, PCNTDA, led the demolition drive in which 50 employees participated and 300 police personnel provided security.PCMC demolished one unauthorized structure in Keshavnagar area of Chinchwad. Another demolition action was planned in Walhekarwadi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16760140", "title": "Girl alleges she was shot with hidden cameras", "text": "JALANDHAR: An 18-year-old girl, pursuing air hostess' course in a local institute, has alleged that the owner of the institute has got her \"objectionable photographs\" clicked with cameras hidden in her bedroom and bathroom. While a former teacher at the institute, who had been sacked, has also supported the allegations even as the owner had denied these.The complaint, submitted to Commissioner of Police Gaurav Yadav, states that the girl was staying at a paying guest facility owned by the institute owner. She even alleged that recently girls were taken to a trip to Himachal Pradesh where the owner took their photographs on the pretext of preparing their portfolios for modelling jobs. \"These photographs were later uploaded on the institute's website without our permission. Some of these pictures were such that we would not have liked to be placed in public domain,\" she said in her complaint.Meanwhile, a former teacher of the institute also supported these allegations holding that the owner had asked her to be part of the design to trap girls, but she refused and was sacked.While the commissioner ordered an inquiry into the complaint, the owner while denying the allegations said it was done at the behest of the sacked teacher who could not teach English for which she was employed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16761744", "title": "Ordnance factory staff fear job insecurity", "text": "TRICHY: Employees of the Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli (OFT) on Wednesday staged a demonstration against the ministry of defence for deciding to stop procuring small rifles from OFT and three other government rifle factories. The move, according to employees, would give the impression that their jobs were not secure.As many as 1,600 OFT technical staff owing allegiance to various employees unions demanded that the ministry allow OFT, Ordnance Factory in Nalanda, Small Arms Factory in Kanpur and Rifle Factory in Ishapore to go on with manufacturing of rifles with state-of-the-art features for supply to the Indian Army instead of importing such arms from foreign countries and allowing private companies to manufacture arms in India.Members of employees unions such as National Defence Workers Union-INTUC, OFT Employees Union, Kamaraj Padaikkala Thozhilalar Sangam (KPTS) affiliated to Bharathiya Mazdoor Sangam (BMS), LPF and other unions began their protest from Tuesday by wearing black badges.On Wednesday, they staged a demonstration in front of the factory in the morning. They will conduct a rally on Thursday and may go on strike if the MoD does not pay heed to their demand.S Chandrasekaran, president of the National Defence Workers Union-INTUC, said, \"OFT and three other government arms factories have been manufacturing small rifle 5.56mm INSAS for supply to the Indian Army since 1999. OFT manufactured 4.5 lakh 5.66 mm INSAS rifles so far. As the Indian Army recently decided to procure multipurpose rifles, MoD decided to stop procuring small rifles from OFT after March 2013. OFT now has to supply 19,300 5.56mm INSAS rifles to the Indian Army to reach this year's target.\"The move is worrying employees as most of the technical staff are engaged in small rifle manufacturing in OFT. So, they feel the decision to stop manufacturing small rifles would affect their job security.\"Nearly 70% of our staff are involved in small rifle manufacturing. Rest of us are engaged in other arms like under barrel grenade launchers (UBGL). By stopping the manufacture of small rifles, our staff could suffer financial loss as they will not get overtime duty and other benefits,\" he added.Chandrasekaran also said, \"Moreover, the government has decided to import multipurpose rifles from Israel and Austria and allow private companies for rifle manufacturing even though the rifle factories are equipped to produce such arms. Last year, OFT staff designed the latest rifle called 'Trichy Assault Rifle'(TAR). After putting it to various experiments, the MoD shelved the idea to procure TAR for the Indian Army for unknown reasons.\"At this juncture, the home ministry, MoD and the board of ordnance factories are going to meet on October 12, 2012, to decide on the issue.\"If they do not consider our demand, we will go on strike,\" said Chandrasekaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762189", "title": "BHU students launch online competition \u2018Share and Inspire\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: With the aim to create an entrepreneurial attitude and awareness among youngsters, 'World Future Entreprneurs' an entrepreneurship club, initiated by students of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will launch its city-level online competition 'Share and Inspire' for students and entrepreneurs of Varanasi.According to convenor of the programme, Varun Agrawal, \"the competition will be held from October 12 to November 05 by means of a social networking site and participants can share motivational stories of young entrepreneurs, inspirational videos and pictures and discuss entrepreneurship ideas for students to start their own venture.\"\"Although we are targeting students of BHU, the competition is open to all the students in the city and based on what they share, as many as 13 teams will be selected and awarded by the group on daily basis.Meanwhile, the group will also conduct seminars, discussions, and awareness camps regarding self employment in several schools and colleges in rural and urban areas,\" informed Varun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16762130", "title": "Something's missing in my ODI batting: Rohit Sharma", "text": "Rohit Sharma has been going through a lean patch for some time now. Regarded as a highly talented youngster, the batsman with amazing wrists and sublime timing talks to TOI about his recent batting failures, the support he has received from the team, and much more. Excerpts...Luck didn't favour India at the World T20...From the team's point of view, obviously it wasn't a good tournament because we failed to make it to the semifinals. Yes, we were not so lucky, and I'm saying this because we just had one bad game (against Australia).And personally?Personally, it was satisfying because whenever I got the opportunity, I went out there and tried to give my best. But I don't think that is important because eventually the team lost.You seem to have learnt the art of spacing a Twenty20 innings...Yes, I enjoy my stints in Twenty20. I sincerely hope I can adapt this to one-day cricket too, and do what I manage to do in T20. I have succeeded in this format regardless of conditions, batting order and any other factors. I hope it rubs off on other formats too. I have realized that something is missing when I am playing ODIs, but I don't what. I am trying to figure out what is this missing link.Is it about your approach towards the longer format? Maybe, you need more patience, time and energy to sustain in the longer formats...I've really not thought about it. I go with the same approach in all formats. There are aspects to my batting that don't necessarily have to change just because I'm playing a different format . That's why I said, I really need to figure out what it is.Are you worried with your ODI showing? It hasn't been that good...To be honest, I'm not worried. In fact, I'm reasonably happy. Let me explain: I agree the stats are poor, but stats never tell you the exact scenario of the match and the situations in which I have gone in to bat. I've opened the batting, batted at numbers 3, 4, 7... I have batted wherever I have been asked to. I am not giving any excuses here and since I'm supposed to be a professional, I'm anyway not allowed such excuses. The tours of Australia and Sri Lanka were disappointing and I also agree I struggled there. As frustrating as it has been for everybody, it's much more frustrating for me.A lot has been said about 'Rohit bahut bada talent hai'. Does it add any kind of pressure?Yes, even I keep hearing it all the time. 'Itna bada talent hai...' But 'talent hai' doesn't mean every time you step out you'll score a hundred or a fifty. I try to stay away from people who say such things and keep repeating it all the time. People are impatient. They want things to happen overnight and have no idea of the circumstances and situations that can surround an individual at times. I am only learning from these things.Does it hurt?Of course it hurts. If I was an opener, it would've given me time to go out there and figure things out. I don't want to say I'm a top-order batsman or I'd specifically like to be one. I will bat wherever I am asked to. Yuvraj has been a classic example. He used to bat at No. 6, No. 7 when he first came into the Indian team. Gradually he started batting up the order and runs started coming. Some day I too will learn to deal with it and work my way.You say too much criticism and scrutiny causes hurt. In turn, how does that add to the pressure?The only pressure I feel is how I can contribute to help my team win the match. Of course there is always the pressure to score, but then doesn't it eventually help your team win? Frankly, I don't let these things affect me.Changes in the batting order can be a problem?Honestly, I don't let such things affect me mentally. I don't want to think about all that. I have to bat wherever I am asked to, and as the situation demands.Despite the poor scores, the captain and coach have reposed faith in you...I have got tremendous support from my teammates and captain. I must have done something right in the past for which I am getting this kind of support. Nobody will back you just like that. And believe me, I'm putting in a lot of effort to repay that faith.You present a very casual outlook on the field...Casual? I don't know. That's how I am and I don't want to change for anybody. If someone is saying I am casual let them say it. I don't want to go around showing false emotions on the ground. I'd rather keep it to myself. When things don't go your way, people say such things. When you score runs, people don't say anything.Do you watch videos of your batting to analyze what went wrong?Of course I like to watch myself bat. After every innings, match, series, I do watch my own videos whenever I get the time. We have the huge advantage of technology and a great team in place so I make it a point to discuss things... with the team analyst (Dhananjay), the coach and other senior players.So, you believe it can lead to improvement...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760589", "title": "Verma seeks court nod to surrender in forgery case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Businessman Abhishek Verma on Tuesday moved a trial court seeking permission to surrender in a fresh forgery case registered by the CBI against him for allegedly forging the letter of its senior official to operate his accounts in foreign banks.An application on Verma's behalf was filed by counsel Vijay Aggarwal before chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash, who issued notice to the CBI seeking its reply by October 15. The CBI had on September 19 registered an FIR against Verma and \"unknown others\" for allegedly forging a letter dated April 2009 purportedly issued under the signature of CBI SP Ramnish.The FIR was registered on Ramnish's complaint, which said the forged letter, addressed to Interpol, referred to certain foreign investigation related to the operation of Verma's overseas bank accounts which were sealed during the probe into the Naval War Room leak case.The FIR said in the forged letter, Ramnish purportedly stated that preliminary inquiry conducted through the office of Prosecution General Vaduz, Liechtenstein , had confirmed that Verma did not receive any remittances from the list of companies named in a petition in the Delhi High Court relating to the Scorpene submarine deal. Ramnish was entrusted the probe into the Naval War Room leak case in 2006, involving Verma, who was arrested in the case and remained in judicial custody for two years.The letter forged in the name of Ramnish referred to a CBI status report submitted to the Delhi HC around 2006 in sealed cover, on the court's direction during adjudication of a petition filed by a citizens' group for CBI probe into the War Room leak case.Ramnish said in 2009, he was selected for deployment with the UN Peacekeeping Force and was relieved from the CBI to which he reported back in April 2010.\"I recently came across a letter dated April 20, 2009 purported to be issued by me as SP, CBI and addressed to Interpol which refers to certain foreign investigation related to overseas accounts of Verma and marked secret,\" he said.He said the letter was sent by Edward Allen, Verma's estranged business partner, to different government organizations and media houses claiming that Verma had given him the letter to help him in operation of his overseas bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760656", "title": "Tribal minister Kishore Chandra Deo to urge governors to use special powers to cancel mining leases in tribal areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: After ordering cancellation of mining lease in tribal areas of Andhra Pradesh, tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo is set to raise hackles by writing to governors to invoke their special powers in the defence of indigenous population.Deo plans to exhort Raj Bhavans to use their constitutional powers under Article 244 by which they can stop implementation of a law or contract if it goes against their interests.\"I intend to ask governors to look at all the leases or contracts in tribal areas that violate laws and cancel them,\" he told TOI.The proposed missive follows the unprecedented direction from the Union tribal affairs ministry to Andhra Pradesh to cancel seven mining leases in Vishakhapatnam district on September 28. It found that bauxite mining lease signed by the state with AP Mineral Development Corporation violated the law which prevented the sale or lease of land owned by tribals to non-tribals.The unusual central intervention followed the refusal of the state governor to act on the tribal ministry's advice to invoke special powers to cancel these leases.Instead of obliging Deo, the Raj Bhavan referred the tribal ministry's suggestion for cancellation of leases to the Union home ministry, arguing that accepting the direction could create legal complications. A riled Deo and tribal ministry then ordered cancellation of leases by invoking their power under the 5th schedule.The idea to follow up on lease cancellation by urging Raj Bhavans to turn activist could rile the states. The Centre has concluded that governors are not bound by the advice of states in administering tribal regions, setting these special powers apart from their other functions which are bound by the advice of the state cabinet. However, governors have never used these powers in 60 years.His cancellation orders may have created a ripple, with criticism that the Centre was treading on the toes of states, but Deo insists he is only going by the book to defend tribal interests.\"What are these powers with governors for if they are not to be used,\" he said, adding, \"The Andhra governor abdicated his responsibility by not cancelling these orders and the ministry had to do it.\" He said he also wanted a national debate if these powers should remain at all since they were not being used.Deo wrote to the Andhra chief minister that bauxite ore mining in Vishakhapatnam was environmentally dangerous as it would destroy the source of three rivers - Gosthani, Champavati and Sarada -- which are the main sources of irrigation and drinking water for Vizianagaram and Vishakhapatnam districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759715", "title": "Now, Gupta house architect to face action", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) seems to be serious about action against unauthorized constructions. A decision has been taken to take action against the architect who prepared the plans for the unauthorized construction at Gupta House. NMC's Dharampeth Zone officials have started verifying the building plan of the main structure of Gupta House.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane inspected Gupta House on Wednesday along with additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney and other officials. A senior NMC official told TOI that Wardhane directed action against the architect for preparing plan and allowing unauthorized construction of one floor building on side marginal space and on top of a nullah.\"Officials of Dharampeth Zone obtained actual building sanction plan of main structure of Gupta House to verify if any more unauthorized construction was done. Officials are verifying the parking place behind Gupta House. The nullah take a turn around the back side of Gupta House, raising suspicions about the parking space,\" the official said.Meanwhile, Wardhane also inspected construction work at the new administrative building and also Ashi Nagar zone office. Mayor Anil Sole along with office bearers visited Deekshabhoomi to review preparations for Dhamma Chakra Pravartan Din.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760230", "title": "Former CBSE director releases manual on school safety issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: School authorities planning to make the school premises safe for kids now have a 166-page list of dos and don'ts they can refer to. The list, compiled by former director, academics, CBSE, G Balasubramanian, covers everything from safe school buildings to safety on school picnics and functions. \"Safety Issues in School\" was released on Wednesday.Death of a school friend in Class VI prompted Balasubramanian to work on school safety. He had tripped during a game of musical chairs inside the school premises, injured himself on a rusted nail and died of tetanus a week later. It may seem that the book \u2014 a comprehensive instruction manual, really \u2014 is coming rather late but it also means that Balasubramanian could bring his 30 years of experience with the CBSE to bear upon his work. \"I have been visiting schools on inspection and have seen a lot,\" says Balasubramanian, chairman, NABET School Technical Committee.The manual has been published by National Accreditation Board for Education and Training (NABET) which is a part of Quality Council of India. \"There is a need for a safety plan, a national School Safety Policy as well as a School Safety Authority for every school,\" says Balasubramanian, \"Right now, fire, water, law-and-order are all under different agencies. There should be one body dealing with all the issues.\"The list not only covers the obvious issues of school infrastructure, health, food safety and accessibility, but even others like \"sexual practices among students\". Balasubramanian recommends counseling \u2014 both individual and group. He also tackles issues of mental hygiene in which he suggests teachers advise students against \"aggressiveness and violence,\" eve-teasing, sex-crimes, \"social-crimes\" and \"cyber-crimes\".He also has suggestions for planning of treks and excursions, coping with weather conditions (thunderstorms) and natural disasters (typhoons and earthquakes), poisoning and even riots. Balasubramanian, however, displays a degree of mistrust for mobile phones and advises schools to be circumspect about allowing their use on campus. Their use can make kids inattentive in class and can give rise to the possibility of a kid \"getting trapped in provocative conversations and temptations\".Balasubramanian has considered research conducted abroad on the subject of school safety (he quotes them in \"Fact Files\") and included a large number of case studies to buttress his points. CM Sheila Dikshit, present at the book-release function, said she would buy and circulate copies in government schools. Vipin Sahni, chief executive officer, NABET, said the body is in the process of developing training modules for teachers based on the suggestions in the book. \"We are considering a two-day programme and will try to create about 150\u2014200 master trainers in the state. We should launch it by mid-November,\" he said.Girdhar S Gyani, former secretary general, said while the yellow-paint contains the maximum amount of lead, \"school buses are constantly being painted yellow\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16759293", "title": "Yatra for '62 martyrs, not anti-China: BJP", "text": "Itanagar: BJP national general secretary Tapir Gao on Wednesday made it clear that the party's Shahid Shradhanjali yatra scheduled from October 18 is not aimed at provoking China but meant to pay homage to the martyrs of the 1962 Chinese aggression.Gao's reaction came in response to Ulfa chief Paresh Barua's recent emailed statement asking the people of Assam not to participate in the said yatra, as it could provoke China to wage a war on India.\"We too have received the email and our aim is not to provoke our neighbour but to remember the 3,770 soldiers who laid their lives for their motherland in the Indo-Sino war,\" Gao said during a press conference here this afternoon.Elaborating on the yatra, whose theme is 'Zara Yaad Koro Kurbani', Gao informed that party president Nitin Gadkari would flag off the yatra from Guwahati on October 18 next and it would culminate at Bumla along the India-China border on October 21.Being organized by the youth wing of the party, the occasion would mark 50 years of completion of the Chinese aggression when China first attacked India through the Tawang sector on October 20, 1962.Around 127 youth morcha delegates from across the country would endeavour to make it a grand success.\"This not a political programme but a national occasion to remember the martyrs,\" Gao said, and appealed to all cross-sections of people, including political parties, to join the yatra.He further informed that the party would also organize a similar programme at Wallong in remote Anjaw district to remember the 700 martyrs who sacrificed their lives in that sector.\"In the Tawang sector alone, around 2,420 soldiers out of a total of 3,770 died during the aggression,\" he informed.Gadkari is scheduled to address a public rally here on November 21 to mark the day on which China withdrew its forces from Arunachal in 1962, Gao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16762544", "title": "Collector urges use of state funds for Nashik dam", "text": "NASHIK: Stating that the construction of the Kikvi dam, exclusively for Nashik city, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), would not be possible through funds made available for the 2015 Kumbh mela, district collector Vilas Patil hinted that the dam could be built only through funds from the state water resource department.Following meetings with the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Mahrashtra Pollution Control Board ( MPCB), the tourism department and the forest department over Kumbh Mela preparations, Patil said, \"Kikvi dam project is a major hitch and there is no sign of NMC coming forth to complete the same. The civic body has refused to fund the construction, which means the state government will have to make a decision over funds\". The cost of the dam is pegged at over Rs 500 crore. now expected to scale more than Rs 500 crores and in no way was it possible for the NMC to fund the project.The collector said that grants coming for the Kumbh from the state and the Centre would not help fully execute major projects required for the festival adding that the decision on the plans would be taken in the next couple of days after which the collectorate would make a presentation with the state and Centre seeking funds from both. it and the central government as well. The collectorate had asked the government agencies to file the plans related to kumbhmela. The plans presented by the departments contained even the proposals like construction of staff quarters and the thus inflated the figure to a very large extent. So much so that the district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal during the September 6 meeting had to ask the departments to 'curtail their demands'. This followed the collectorate asking the agencies to stick to the tourism plan presented by the Tourism Finance Corporation of India Ltd (TFCI) after which the agencies made the necessary changes to the plans, the officials from the collectorate said on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760024", "title": "White bucks no longer rare at zoo, count rises to six", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven months after four white bucks were born at Delhi Zoo, there was one more birth last month. The recent birth has added to the small population of the species \u2014 the albino \"black buck\" \u2014 taking the tally to six, including one male adult.Zoo officials say they have decided to breed the animals in view of their dwindling numbers. \"We were left with just one white buck when we decided to shore up the population. Four white bucks were born in March and another one on September 24,\" said zoo curator Riyaz Ahmad Khan. The black buck has been listed as \"endangered\" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.The new addition, barely 15 days old, was part of a litter of eight, of which seven were black bucks. \"We crossed a male white buck with a female black buck, which resulted in the birth of eight young ones. Seven of these were black and one white,\" said Khan.The zoo had a pair of white bucks, but the female buck died in May. \"Since the female white bucks born in March had not reached sexual maturity, the male white buck had to be crossed with a black buck,\" said a source.At present, the zoo has three male and as many female white bucks. Once the little ones come of age, the breeding will continue till December. \"After the third round of breeding, the white bucks will be placed in a separate enclosure,\" said Saurabh Vashisth, the education assistant at the zoo.The first white buck had been brought to the zoo from Ahmedabad. By 1991, the zoo had nine white bucks. In 2005, the number came down to five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760687", "title": "Men pose as cops, steal gold ornaments worth Rs 1.96L", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents three women, including two senior citizens, fell prey to unidentified men, who posed as policemen and fled with their gold ornaments amounting to Rs 1.96 lakh. The incidents took place at Kothrud, Bibvewadi and Nigdi between 10.30 am and 12.30 pm on Tuesday.The first incident took place at Nigdi Pradhikaran around 10.30 am on Tuesday. Nirmala Madhukar Puppal (67), a resident of Nigdi Pradhikaran, was on her way home, when two men stopped posing as policemen stopped her and told her that a murder had taken place in the area.The duo asked Puppal to remove her gold ornaments to avoid theft as a large crowd had gathered near the murder spot. Puppal removed her four gold bangles and two gold chains worth Rs 94,000. The duo stole the ornaments on the pretext of helping her keep it in a bag and fled from the spot, said police inspector of the Nigdi police station P N Supekar.Another incident took place at Kothrud near Gananjay society. Vaishali Thakurdesai (65) of Gananjay society was duped by three men, who posed as policemen. The incident took place around 12 pm when Thakurdesai was walking towards her home. The trio stopped her and told her that a scuffle had taken place in the area. They asked her to remove her gold ornaments and keep them in a bag.Then on the pretext of helping her keep her gold bangles worth Rs 40,000 in her purse, the duo fled with the bangles. The Kothrud police are investigating.The third incident took place at Bibvewadi around 12.30 pm on Tuesday afternoon. Unidentified men used similar modus operandi and duped Shobha Shivaji Konde (45) of Ganeshnagar, Dhankawdi, of her gold chain worth Rs 62,500. The Bibvewadi police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16761785", "title": "Child dies after consuming poisoned biscuit", "text": "MADURAI: A six-year-old boy, who ate a biscuit laced with rat poison died at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai on Tuesday night. Police have registered a case and are investigating the incident to ascertain the facts.Police said that due to rat menace, Thirupathiraja, a resident of Thathappanaikkanpatti near Vadipatti in Madurai district kept biscuits laced with rat poison in his house. But his son Vinothkumar (6) who was not aware that the biscuit was laced with poison inadvertently ate a biscuit few days back. The boy swooned in the house within moments, police said. A shocked Thirupathiraja rushed him to a private hospital in Madurai, where he was detected to have consumed the poison.Though intensive medication was administered to Vinothkumar, his condition worsened and was referred to the GRH by doctors at the private hospital. However, treatment failed at the GRH and the boy died on Tuesday night.A GRH doctor said that they were not able to save the boy due to delay in admitting the boy there. He noted that medication should be done as early as possible in cases of poison consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16760168", "title": "Kadamba transport corporation bus service commissioned at Poira", "text": "Bicholim: A Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) bus was commissioned on the Bicholim-Poira-Sinquerim (In Bicholim taluka) route at the hands of deputy speaker Anant Shet during a function which was held at Poira, Bicholim, on Tuesday evening.The bus service was inaugurated by breaking a coconut at the hands of Shet. It will ferry people from Bicholim to Poira, Sinquerim and surrounding areas throughout the day.Commissioning of a Kadamba transport corporation bus on this route, after a span of around 20 years, is a result of a TOI report which was carried in the issue dated September 28. Commuters from Poira were facing acute hardships due to the irregular services provided by private bus operators during the last several months and TOI had reported about the hardships faced by the people.Taking note of the article in TOI, assistant director of transport Vishram Govekar from Bicholim RTO office discussed this issue with Mayem MLA Anant Shet, who in turn directed him to find an amicable solution to the problem. Finally, Govekar, Shet, Kadamba authorities and state government officials worked unitedly to commission a bus on this route.Shet, Bicholim RTO Govekar, KTC officials Agnelo Carvalho and Prasad Subhedar, RTO inspector Madan Fatarpekaar, Mayem sarpanch Veena Chodankar, panch members Vijay Pole, Narendra Tari and Mahesh Ghadi, former panch Krishna Chodankar and BJP women front president of Mayem Ankita Navelkar were present on the occasion.Speaking on the occasion, Shet called upon the people to support Kadamba bus service wholeheartedly as the corporation has met their demand for a better bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16760227", "title": "Novak Djokovic 'serves' a warning", "text": "SHANGHAI: Novak Djokovic rolled into the pre-quarterfinals of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000 like one of those sleek luxury vehicles, smooth and without a sound. The second seed dismissed 21-year-old Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 6-3, 6-2 in 54 minutes, never dropping more than a single point on his serves.To be fair to the fresh-faced 6 ft 2' Dimitrov, nicknamed PT for prime time, he moved his opponent around and used the court the best he could, but everything he threw across the net on the day, the Serb did one better. The one department Djokovic scored significantly in was his serve; four of his service games were won at love.\"I am very pleased with my serving. In Beijing and obviously the first match here today, I did well,\" Djokovic said. \"That is something I've been working on. If you can rely on your serve in today's tennis, it is a big advantage. So I try to get as many free points as possible. That was the case today. It helped me a lot to defeat my opponent.\"Djokovic will likely go with a similar game plan into his pre-quarterfinal clash against Spain's Feliciano Lopez , an opponent he has conquered in all four of their previous meetings. The tournament's fourth seed, Czech Tomas Berdych , came through his second-round match rather easily, but fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was tested by countryman Benoit Paire. Andy Murray perhaps had it easiest, moving into the last 16 without striking a ball. His opponent, German Florian Mayer , pulled out of the Masters event earlier in the day with a rib injury.The tournament's third seed and the newly-crowned US Open champion, Brit Murray was none too happy with the result, saying: \"When you haven't played that much on the court, it's different conditions. Whoever I play now I guess will have played two matches. It might take a little while for me to adjust. I need to make sure I get enough practice and stay sharp. I need to come out playing good tennis tomorrow.\" Next up for Murray is Ukraine's Alexander Dolgopolov, who has always been a tricky customer.Important results: Sam Querry (USA) bt Kei Nishikori (Jpn) 2-6, 6-1, 6-4; Stanislas Wawrinka (Sui) Desis Istomin (Uzb) 6-4, 4-6, 6-4; Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (Fra) bt Benoit Paire (Fra) 7-6 (9-7), 7-5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16761042", "title": "Asian Women's 7s Rugby: India take on Hong Kong in opener", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian women are confident of a good show on Saturday when they take on Hong Kong in the opening match of the Asian Rugby Sevens Women's championship at the Balewadi Sports Complex athletics stadium.It's the recent international exposure for the World No. 68 and home conditions that gives Surabhi Date-led team the confidence.\"Crowd support makes a lot of difference and having done extensive practice over last few weeks I would expect a much better show from the team,\" Surabhi said on the eve of the Asian Championship that had been designated as 2013 World Cup qualifier.The pitch is in good condition given that it's been maintained for the I-League competition. In all 21 league matches will be played on Saturday with top two teams from four pools making it to the quarterfinals.\"We are delighted to be here to see such an enthusiasm for rugby. This is for the first time that 16 teams will be competing in the Asian Championships, up from 12 last year,\" informed Jarrad Gallagher, Regional General Manager of International Rugby Board (IRB).\"Since this championship offers one of those three positions at next year's World Cup in Moscow, India will see quality rugby during next two days,\" Gallagher added.IRB's Ross Mitchell said India had all the talent but lacks in infrastructure. We are hoping that at least government funds will now come to the sport after Rugby 7s got included in the Olympic Games programme from 2016 Olympics onwards.Fifteen teams including defending champion China and runner-up Kazakhstan have arrived for the championship, being organized by Let's Play Sports Management Company Pvt Ltd. China, Kazakhstan, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Chinese Taipei, Japan, UAE, Malaysia, Thailand, Korea, Fiji, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Iran, and host India will be competing over two days.Top two finishers after the league matches will be playing for Cup/Plate competition, while the bottom two will compete in Bowl/Shield event.Indian team: Surabhi Date (Captain), Saloni Prachande, Vahbiz Bharucha, Namita Bhoj, Ketaki Khare, Bhagyalaxmi Barik, Laxmipriya Sahu, Neha Pardeshi, Meera, Tomalika Sarkar, Shruti Marathe and Annapurna Bathate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16759853", "title": "Noted, corrected &amp; back to square one", "text": "PANAJI: A footnote in the Planning and Development Authority (Development Plan) Regulations 2000 has been blamed for the destruction of Panaji's and Taleigao's skyline.The main regulations do not provide for the conversion of residential areas into commercial, but the two-line footnote has done the trick, helping builders to create more floor space and double their profits by whopping crores of rupees in connivance with bureaucrats and politicians, sources said.It began after 2000 when the regulations came into force. In the chapter on zoning regulations, a table on Page 39 and 40 determined the land use into seven zones, including settlement (residential) from S-1to S-4, depending on the nature of settlement, and commercial from C-1 to C-4.The footnote was provided below the table on Page 40, which allowed residential use of a commercial zone, stating simply: In case of C-1 (C=commercial), C-2, C-3 and C-4, residential use shall be permitted on upper floors and ground floor above stilts. This has helped builders cash in for over a decade, sources said.\"The footnote was not in the draft PDA rules, but was included later in the finalized version,\" Sylvester D'Souza, a Panaji-based consulting engineer said.The rules are meant to implement the Act, activist Claude Alvares told TOI. \"But why introduce something in the rules if it is not permitted in the Act?\" he asked. \"In this case, the biggest beneficiaries are not ordinary citizens,\" he said.The process of drafting and finalizing the regulations and issuing approvals proceeded seamlessly through several regimes.It involved a few town and country planning ministers, including Dayanand Narvekar, who was part of a coalition of Congress MLAs, and Prakash Phadte, a minister in a BJP-led government, when the process of notifying draft regulations and finalizing them was carried out.TCP officials are evasive over the issue. A former town planner who did not want to be named said it is not a new phenomenon. \"Many buildings in the city had utilized the higher FAR in the early 90s,\" he said.Chief town planner, S Puttaraju, who took over the post in 2011, declined to comment on the issue. But D'Souza credits TCP for initiating a comprehensive exercise to upgrade the regulations to weed out the irregularities. The 2010 regulations, which came into force on September 9, 2010, inserted another footnote in the Goa (Regulation of Land Development and Building Construction) Act 2008 and Goa Land Development and Building Construction Regulations 2010.\"The town planners appeared to have belatedly realized the mistake, but this was like bolting the stable after the robbery,\" said D'Souza.The footnote on Page 50 of the new regulations stated: \"(1) In case of C-1 (C=commercial), C-2, C-3 and C-4, residential use shall be permitted on upper floors and ground floor above stilts only and shall be restricted to only 5% of the total floor area ratio.\"After notification of the new regulations, many professional bodies, environmental activists and others, including builders raised various issues. Sources said a section of builders objected to the restriction of residential use to only 5% in commercial zone, and lobbied for dropping the footnote.But in August 2011, TCP scrapped the footnote, through an amendment citing errors and lacunae in the notified 2011 regulations.These, according to the notification, included \"certain typing, grammatical and syntax errors, missing entries in tables, wrong table numbering and material inaccuracies and manifest lapses\".Puttaraju said the corrections were carried out after receiving suggestions from various quarters. \"This was done in August 2011 and if anybody had objections, they should have raised them at that stage,\" he said.But D'Souza questioned the rationale, stating that the footnote in new regulations, a better one than the previous one, should have been adhered to in letter and spirit. \"It was incorporated after a proper study and because residential apartments were mushrooming in the city,\"he said.It would have halted the misuse of commercial space, Ritu Prasad, an architect agreed. \"Now it is back to square one and this is contrary to the ethos of planning,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16763638", "title": "Star-studded B'day bash of Big B", "text": "Easily, Jaya Bachchan's bash for Amitabh's 70th birthday has been one of the most keenly awaited do's of the season. And when D-day finally arrived, it was every bit a party befitting the stature of the man being celebrated.Reliance MediaWorks at Film City, Goregaon resembled a beehive of activity even as a string of actors, industrialists, politicos and bigwigs arrived to wish Big B a happy birthday.Indeed, the situation got a bit chaotic, what with the traffic jams outside the venue. However, the occasion was marked by lot of warmth ad camaraderie with the Bachchan family being the perfect hosts. Among the megastar's older contemporaries were Dilip Kumar and Saira Banu , Waheeda Rehman , Asha Parekh and Prem Chopra to name a few. It was most touching to see Big B's buddy and co-star of many films Shashi Kapoor arrive in a wheelchair.The guests were invited to take to the mic and speak about the Big B. The quintessential birthday cake was cut at the stroke of midnight followed by a luxurious sitdown dinner. And, the press was invited too...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759359", "title": "Rain exposes shoddy work by civic body", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city woke up to a slushy morning on Wednesday after the heavy downpour late Tuesday evening left many areas inundated. With storm water drains clogged at several parts of the city, rain water had gushed into residential areas and school compounds. Roads where the city corporation is carrying out underground drainage work looked like mud wrestling pits.Incidents of people falling into pits dug for laying storm water drains were reported from many places. Fortunately, none suffered any major injury. Traffic flow was affected after three pits were formed on Mettupalayam road near Sivananda Colony. Normalcy was restored in most of these localities by late afternoon and corporation workers began to level the roads and remove the mud from the main roads in some of these areas.At some places like Saibaba Koil, public anger against the shoddy work of the corporation spilled out into the streets. \"None of the drains have been properly cleaned and there is no way for water to flow out. It was impossible to walk out of the house,\" said KB Sreeram, a resident of Palanisamy II Street near Saibaba Koil.Residents of this street staged a demonstration on the main street near Saibaba Koil forcing corporation officials and police to rush to the spot. A bulldozer and few civic workers were dispatched immediately to clear the mess. Residents claimed that a class 9 student lost her footing and fell into one of the pits dug for laying storm water drains. \"The work has been going on for a long time now. Due to water logging, it was extremely dangerous even to walk through the street since we can't locate the drainage lines,\" said G Muthu, a grocery shop owner on the street.Similar situation prevailed in numerous areas including Satya Nagar, Chinna Subbannan Gounder Street and some parts of NSR Street where stagnant water created major issues for residents and motorists. \"I was constantly trying to get in touch with the UGD contractors to get the mud lying on the street cleared, but they did not turn up until people came out and protested,\" said K Nagaraj, councillor, ward no 10, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.Traffic movement was suspended through Avinashi Bridge underpass after it got blocked with garbage and slush washed in with the gushing rain water. The heavy rain also affected low lying areas on Lanka Corner, Ukkadam, Gandhipuram, Sanganoor Road and Rathinapuri.Traders in MGR wholesale market claimed that they will have to lower the price of goods especially onions, potatoes and cabbages that were stacked outside their stalls due to the damage caused by the showers and the standing water. More than 10,000 loads of onion are sent from this wholesale market to other states and also to various parts of the city on a regular basis. \"There are no proper roofing and storage facilities in the market. The drains are blocked with garbage. When it rains, the mud and slush from outside also flow into the market complex,\" said A Mohammed Ali, a wholesale onion dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761164", "title": "Budget hospitals in Mumbai soon?", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has appointed a task force for improvement of healthcare facilities in Mumbai. Besides looking at ways to upgrade the existing health infrastructure in the city, the task force will examine the feasibility of introducting \" budget hospitals\" for the middle class.Both state-run and public private partnership models will be studied.This decision was taken at a meeting of the empowered committee of the Mumbai Transformation Support Unit, a policy think tank, on Wednesday. The government has asked the task force to submit a report in this regard within three months. A presentation of the status of health infrastructure in the state was made at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761983", "title": "Contract killers nabbed", "text": "KANPUR: Police arrested two contract killers on their way to eliminate a marriage lawn owner from near Express road under Pheelkhana police station here on Tuesday. The duo, identified as Chand Babu of Chhotey Miyan Ka Hata Colonelganj and Aniket Srivastava, resident of Misri Bazar Moolganj, confessed they were hired by the target's nephew.According to DIG Amitabh Yash the duo was heading to eliminate marriage lawn owner Qamar Abbas Mirza of Nawab compound and had taken Rs 3 lakh for the job by the latter's nephew Ashraf of Pheelkhana.A country-made pistol of .315 bore and 10 live cartridges were seized from their possession. A case has been registered against them in this connection.\"During questioning, the two confessed to have undertaken the killer contract and were on their way to shoot Mirza, but failed when they fell in a trap laid by the police,\" an official said. TNNThe DIG said the operation was carried by a team of Pheelkhana police station after they got a tip-off about criminals on way to target Mirza. Ashraf is missing and search is on for him, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760463", "title": "'Education can ensure better life for children'", "text": "INDORE: \"People must never let the weaknesses and deficiencies deter them from enjoying life. It is necessary to work with courage,\" said eminent social worker Pareen Daji, who was the chief guest at the 'Joy Fest' organized by Acropolis Institute of Technology &amp; Research (AITR), here on Wednesday.Calling children the reflection of God, Daji shared her special attachment towards them. She emphasized on the importance of education stating that it could ensure a better life for each and every child.Charter president of Lions Club of Indore, Arvind Jain said, \"I am very happy to see today's youth taking initiatives for a better society and nation. With their energy and enthusiasm, the future of the country is bright.\"With the objective of imparting joy and spreading happiness, 100 underprivileged kids from four NGOs namely Shri Yougpurush Dham, Shree Shree Uttakarsh Samiti, Indore Diocese Social Service Society and Government School of Deaf &amp; Dumb were invited to the institute.On the occasion, Shiv from Yougpurush Dham showed his talent of writing from his mouth. Poonam made a drawing from her feet which received a lot of applause. Arpit performed on famous bollywood numbers 'All is well' and 'Go, Go, Go Govinda', which was well-apreciated. Acropolis students also performed to make the visiting children enjoy the day.Dr Sumer Singh (director, AFMR) and Dr Mona Nagar (HOD, pharmacy) welcomed the guests. Prof Anupama Modi and students of Acropolis, Lakshya Malhotra and Deepak Kukreja co-ordinated the programme. Vote of thanks was proposed by prof Atul Bharat, group director, Career Development Cell, Acropolis Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16762328", "title": "Mumbai Sevens all set for kick-off", "text": "MUMBAI: The city is all set to get a taste of top-class rugby action this weekend when the Bombay Gymkhana hosts the third and final ranking event of this year's HSBC Asian Sevens Series 2012.The mega event, to be held on Oct 13 and 14, has attracted a record 16 teams, making it the largest event on the Sevens Series. Chinese Taipei and United Arab Emirates (UAE), who will be making their final Series appearance in 2012, will join the 10 core teams that are participating in all events held during the 2012 Series along with teams from India, Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan , who all will be making their first ever appearance in the 2012 Sevens Series.Indian Seven, who won the Bowl last year in Goa, will be intent on doing well and climbing a grade in their own backyard.THE TEAMSPOOL A: Afghanistan, Japan, Philippines, SingaporePOOL B: China, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, IranPOOL C: Chinese Taipei, Korea, Kazakhstan, PakistanPOOL D: India, Hong Kong, Thailand, UAETHE FORMATMatches start from 9 am onwards on Saturday and Sunday. Each match will have two halves of seven minutes each", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759487", "title": "Ennore LPG terminal to end fuel shortage", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai may soon enjoy an uninterrupted supply of LPG, thanks to the new LPG export-import facilities and an advanced facility for petroleum and chemical products at Ennore port. The state's LPG demand would be met by this modernised LPG terminal, said Union shipping minister G K Vasan, inaugurating the facility on Wednesday.While the state's LPG consumption is 1.32 lakh tonnes per month, the new terminal with a capacity of 98,000 tonnes is likely to ease the delay in LPG cylinder delivery. The new setup will have additional storage and handling facilities for chemicals, petroleum products and petrochemicals. \"The facility is also equipped with unloading arms for LPG handling and additional fire fighting systems. A Marine Liquid Terminal at Ennore is handling huge vessels up to 1.5 lakh dead weight tonnage,\" said Vasan.Ennore Tank Terminals Private Limited developed the terminal at a cost of 417 crore. LPG products propane and butane will be shifted from the vessels to the import terminal, about 6km from the port, and after processing it as LPG, it will be sent to bottling plants and then to the oil companies for distribution.So far, the liquefied petroleum products were being transported by trucks from New Mangalore port and Visakhapatnam port to Chennai. Vasan said the new terminal will replace hazardous long distance transportation of LPG by road and it ensure uninterrupted supply of the product. The new terminal would also help begin auto LPG services and retail outlets besides catering to the demands of industrial consumers.S Velumani, chairman and managing director of Ennore port, Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra, A Mallesh Rao of the Ennore Tank Terminals Private Limited and senior shipping ministry officials were present at the inaugural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16763645", "title": "Traders welcomed administration's decision to allow use of basement for commercial purposes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A delegation of Property Consultants Association (Regd), Chandigarh on Wednesday met the finance secretary of Chandigarh administration and welcomed the decision of the administration to allow use of basement for commercial purposes without taking any conversion charges.The delegation requested the finance secretary to expedite the process of issue of NOC -no objection certificate- to the GPA -general power of attorney- holders, which have been executed prior to Supreme Court Orders.The delegation further expressed that new circle rate of the industrial plots have been raised to unrealistic levels. These prices are now in-fact more than the actual price of the industrial plots. The finance secretary assured the delegation that their genuine concern will be looked at. The delegation also requested the officer to allow permission mortgage of lease hold commercial properties.The issue of allow basement for commercial purposes has been hanging fire from last many decade and the estate office of the Chandigarh administration has issued notices to thousands of businessmen in this regard, as have been running their business in basement area due to lack of space. Besides various offices, restaurants, discotheque, gymnasium halls have been running in the basement areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762058", "title": "Youth kills father, stepmother, abducts stepbrother", "text": "KANPUR: A youth shot dead his father and stepmother before abducting his 15-year-old stepbrother in Karhal police area of Mainpuri district late on Tuesday night.A senior police official said the incident occurred at Jalalpur village on Sirsaganj-Sikhohabad highway. On Tuesday night, the accused Manish, 25, accompanied by an aide, barged into his house and assaulted his stepmother Sushma, 35 with the butt of a country-made firearm. When his father Sukhram tried to intervene, the accused shot both him and his stepmother dead and kidnapped his stepbrother Abhishek at gunpoint.\"According to neighbours, Manish and his stepmother quarreled often and the latter used to torture him and compel him to do household chores,\" said a police official. The police are investigating if a property dispute was also involved and have launched a manhunt to trace Manish and his aide and rescue the kidnapped boy. The bodies have been sent for post-mortem.Man dies during police questioning: A sweetmeat shop owner, Ram Pratap, a resident of Manchanna in Mainpuri district, died of a massive heart attack after allegedly being questioned by the Elau police on the issue of a loan he had taken from his friend.Ram Pratap was being questioned by the policemen attached to the Elau police station when he had a cardiac arrest on Wednesday. He was rushed to Saifai medical college in Etawah, where he was proclaimed dead upon arrival. The police have registered an FIR against Narendra Yadav, junior engineer, Awas Vikas and a police constable under Section 304 and 338 of the IPC following a massive protest by the kin of the victim and locals.DySP Alok Kumar said Ram pratap, who owns a sweetmeat shop, had taken a loan from Narendra Yadav three years ago. When Ram Pratap failed to repay, Narendra began pestering him to return the money. Narendra later approached the police and complained against Ram Pratap, who was summoned to Elau police station on Wednesday.He added, \"Ram Pratap reached the police station, where policemen began questioning him. As he was being grilled, Ram Pratap began feeling uneasy and complained of chest pain. The police shifted him to Saifai Medical college where he was pronounced dead.\"As per the medical reports, Ram Pratap is said to have died of heart attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760514", "title": "Over 10,000 to bell the CAT", "text": "LUCKNOW: Around 10,000 candidates will take up the Common Aptitude Test (CAT) 2012 from Lucknow. Nearly 2.14 lakh aspirants have registered for the 21-day long computer-based test that will start from October 11 and continue till November 6 . CAT 2012 is being coordinated by IIM-Kozhikode. The test is for the entry to the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs).In the state, the test will be held in three cities - Lucknow, Varanasi, and Noida. In Lucknow, the exam will be conducted at two centres - Jaipuria Institute of Management, Gomtinagar and Surya Group of Institutions, Mohanlalganj.The examination will be held in two sessions. For those who have registered in the morning shift, the exam will begin at 10 am. Candidates will have to reach the test venue by 8.30 am. The evening shift will begin at 3.15 pm for which candidates are supposed to reach test centre at 1.45 pm.The test paper will have two sections. The first section is quantitative ability and data interpretation while the second is verbal ability and logical reasoning. The two sections will be implemented sequentially carrying separate time limits. The duration of the examination will be 140 minutes. Candidates will have 70 minutes to answer 30 questions within each section which will have an onscreen countdown timer. Once the time ends for the first section, they will move to the second section and will no longer be able to go back. Candidates will be given a15-minute tutorial before the start of the test. No breaks will be given during the test.This year, there is a 4% increase in the number of CAT aspirants from 2.05 lakh in 2011 to 2.14 lakh in 2012. Most candidates have registered from cities like Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Pune. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760388", "title": "Funds crunch hogs dialogue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mobilization of financial resources for protection of biodiversity continued to be a contentious issue for members of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) who have gathered in Hyderabad for CoP-11. On Day III of their deliberations, working group 2 (formed to discuss the issue), decided on forming a contact group to further discuss the financial aspect to see whether a common ground could be reached. This contact group, as was decided on Wednesday, will be co-chaired by Belgium and South Africa.Working group 1, however, concluded its day on a more positive note with parties managing to come to a consensus on the issue of indigenous communities and conservation of local knowledge.A proposal presented to the group about declaring July 13 as the international local communities' day was, however, struck down.\"Most delegates felt that such a decision was the prerogative of the UN General Assembly ,\" said David Ainsworth, information officer and spokesperson, CBD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759600", "title": "Toy train to have more leg space, luxurious coaches", "text": "MUMBAI: From Saturday, you can look forward to a more comfortable journey aboard the Matheran toy train for Central Railway (CR) is planning to reduce the number of seats from 18 to 16 in first-class compartments to offer more leg space to passengers. And if all goes according to plan, you will soon be able to tickle your taste buds while taking in the scenic sights on way to the hill station on the century-old train. CR has now firmed up plans to carve out a compartment with luxurious fittings, comfortable sofas and piping hot food for Matheran-bound passengers.At present, the toy-train, which runs on narrow-gauge, has second- and first-class compartments. The addition of the luxury coach will be a welcome addition for those who wish to enjoy the beauty of the hills.The initiative is the brain-child of CR general manager Subodh Jain, who has asked his team to work on the design of such a coach. The fare and maximum number of passengers to be allowed in the luxury coach are yet to be determined. It will have comfortable sofas, attractive interiors and carpet. CR also plans to serve hot food to passengers of this compartment during the journey.Jain said, \"A package will be designed especially for travel by the luxury coach. In the interim, we have decided to modify the seating arrangement in the first class coach to make it more spacious.\"The 106-year-old Matheran Light Rail (MLR) is 19.97-km long and there are 221 curves on the stretch. Due to the steep slope, it takes over two hours to cover the distance from Neral to Matheran and one hour and forty minutes on its return journey. On September 30, CR introduced the first monsoon run on the MLR. It now runs a shuttle service on the 3-km stretch between Aman Lodge and Matheran during rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761135", "title": "'Public should focus on other scams'", "text": "MUMBAI: Public-spirited citizens must focus on other scams, the state told the Bombay high court on Tuesday, questioning why only the allotment of land to judges is being challenged. Advocate general Darius Khambata told a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, \"The main ground in the petition is that it is fundamentally wrong to allot land to judges. You can allot it to cricketers, sportsmen, journalists, NGOs, but not judges.\"He stoutly refuted allegations that the state favoured judges by allotting plots for two housing societies, Nyay Sagar and Siddhant at Bandra (E). He said nobody had objected to two societies, Renuka and Sindhuratna, of civil servants, government employees and MLAs on the same plot.Khambata said there is no material to show that the modifications are manifestly arbitrary or that the fundamental character of the development plan was changed. \"The state at every point acted in accordance with law and showed no favour to these societies because they comprised judges,'' he said. Khambata urged the court to put a system in place where such applications are routed through the Chief Justice to put paid to apprehensions.Khambata said a reservation in law never means that the ownership or usage rights cannot be transferred or altered. He said that of the total 10,000 sq m reserved for the dishoused, 1,500 sq m were given to Siddhant, 1,400 sq m to Nyay Sagar, 1,390 sq m to Renuka and 1,020 sq m to Sindhuratna. He said 1,000 sq m were given to the BMC for housing the dishoused. \"Ten percent is still retained for reservation,\" said Khambata. He said mature citizens will understand that taking favours doesn't affect independence of the judiciary. \"Public-spirited persons must focus on other scams,\" he said.Earlier, petitioner Nitin Deshpande's advocate Amit Karande argued that the appropriate authority must first form an opinion that the development plan needs modification. \"But in this case, the state machinery was set in motion by letters of judges,\" said Karande, adding that sitting judges should not take favours. Intervenor Ishwarprasad Khandelwal said investigation is necessary to bring out the truth.Senior counsel Iqbal Chagla , appearing for Nyay Sagar, said there was no infraction of law and the entire procedure was followed by the state. Senior counsel Rafiq Dada, appearing for Siddhant, said deletion of reservation on February 15, 2007 was unrelated to any allotment. The judges have reserved their verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762150", "title": "Domestic LPG cylinders abundantly used for commercial purpose", "text": "VARANASI: The changing price in the menus of the restaurants, mess and even institutional kitchens following the proposed increase in the price of domestic LPG cylinders brings to fore the fact that LPG cylinders in the domestic category are being used for commercial purposes abundantly. The government machinery did not take the pain to check the misuse of domestic LPG cylinders in past two-three years.With the announcement of the union government restricting the supply of subsidized LPG cylinders to each consumer to six cylinders (of 14.2 Kg) per annum, the restaurants, mess, and institutional kitchens started revising the price of food articles by showing an increase in the price of such cylinders despite the fact that the price of commercial LPG cylinders has not been affected.While talking to TOI on Wednesday, the distributors of several LPG companies made it clear that the alterations have been made on domestic cooking gas while there is no change in commercial cooking cylinders. However, when TOI tried to take a stock of some prominent eateries in the city, interesting facts surfaced.According to Manoj, who operates a restaurant at Lahurabir crossing, \"as the government has put a cap on the LPG cylinders, the rate list will be altered. We are coming up with new rate list by next week,\" he said. He, however, claimed that he is using commercial LPG cylinders for cooking purposes. Another eating joint owner, Ramavadh Yadav claimed to be using commercial LPG cylinders. \"While new rates of per plate food have been raised by a mere margin of Rs 1 or Rs 2, we have decreased the size of local snacks,\" informed Yadav.At the same time, hostels of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) have also increased the prices of food items by Rs 3 per diet. When dean, BHU, Dr VK Singh and other authorities of BHU were contacted, they said, cylinder's use in hostel's mess is as per the norm of UGC and the mess is being managed by cooperative societies of students.However, when private hostels and paying guest accommodations were enquired, they gave shocking answers. \"What we cook for home, we provide the same to boys dwelling in our hostel. So there is no point of using commercial cooking cylinder,\" informed Meena Srivastava, a woman who runs a PG accommodation for boys at her home in Lanka area. Saket Mehrotra, owner of another private hostel in Lanka area, said, \"We are not aware of the differentiation between domestic and commercial cylinders.\"While most of the restaurants, dhabas and roadside eateries were found to be using domestic LPG cylinders, there is a huge network of illegal refilling of LPG cylinders in the city. \"Lal wale bade cylinder se chhote cylinder bharte hain (small cylinders are refilled from domestic cooking gas), said Rahul (name changed), who repairs and refill LPG cylinders in Lahurabir area.While giving information about the illegal refilling of LPG cylinders for domestic and commercial purposes, Rahul also revealed that their major customers are restaurants and dhabas, road side eateries, private hostels and guest houses.According to another person engaged in the repairing and refilling of LPG cylinders, Jaitpura and Dalmandi areas are two major areas from where they buy LPG and at present Rs 90 per kg is charged from the customers.The rampant use of domestic gas for commercial purposes and the illegal refilling of LPG cylinders is being conducted under the nose of district administration. When ADM Civil Supply, Krishna Kumar was contacted, neither he was aware of any checking drive conducted for the illegal usage of domestic cooking gas nor was he in a position to talk further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760313", "title": "special police establishment, criminal investigation department set to chargesheet MP Congress MLA", "text": "BHOPAL: In less than six months of having registered three cases, Lokyukta's special police establishment (SPE) and criminal investigation department (CID) are ready to charge-sheet Congress MLA Kalpana Parulekar. Both the agencies are likely to file their chargesheet by the month-end, said sources.\"We are waiting for sanction to prosecute the co-accused. The chargesheet will be filed soon after we receive it,\" superintendent of police (SP) (SPE Ujjain unit) Arun Mishra told TOI.Parulekar - sitting MLA from Mahidpur- was booked along with 10 others in two different cases (45/12 and 46/12) in February this year. In the first case, she was accused of installing 40 solar energy street lights at her own land instead of public places. A sum of Rs 3.85 lakh was released from the MLA's constituency development fund for those lights. Case under section 13(1)(D), 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act was registered against the MLA and seven others including S C Gupta - the then planning and statistics officer (Ujjain), Goverdhan Lal Malviya - the then Janpad CEO and B K Bagul- assistant engineer Mahidpur.In the second case, Parulekar was accused of using MLA's fund (Rs 4 lakh) for constructing roads on her and her brother's land. Charge-sheets are ready in both cases, said the SP.Meanwhile at CID headquarters, a three-hour long meeting was held on Wednesday to decide upon the final procedural formalities for Parulekar's chargesheet in the morphing case. She was arrested from Ujjian on February 2 this year for allegedly morphing photograph of lokayukta Justice P P Naolekar with that of RSS supremo Mohan Bhagwat. The photograph was supplied to the assembly press room; it was also produced in the House during a no-confidence motion. Case was registered by CID.\"Our charge-sheet is almost ready, would file it soon,\" M R Krishna, additional director general of police (ADG) CID told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16759510", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha decides to go it alone in next polls", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), a part of the coalition government with BJP, on Wednesday in a core committee meeting chaired by party supremo Shibu Soren decided to contest all 81 assembly seats and 14 Lok Sabha seats alone. The leaders were asked to start the preparation for the next assembly elections, likely to take place in 2014.JMM also decided to vote against UPA-II in case any party tables a no-confidence motion in Parliament on the issues of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail and pension sectors. The party also decided to pressurize the state government to provide at least three more subsidized LPG cylinders in addition to the six provided by the Centre.Party spokesman Supriyo Bhattacharya said everyone present in the meeting, including the ministers and MLAs, unanimously decided to vote against the UPA-II on FDI in retail and pension. \"We cannot accept anything that is against the interests of the common man, so will not support the UPA-II which has decided to bring in foreign players in retail and pension,\" said Bhattacharya. The party has two MPs in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha.Keeping in mind the growing pressure from the masses to provide three subsidized domestic LPG cylinders, Soren asked deputy chief minister Hemant Soren and food and civil supplies minister Mathura Prasad Mahato to take up the matter in the cabinet. \"Our ministers will take up the matter in the cabinet and ensure that people of the state get at least three subsidized LPG cylinders at the earliest,\" said Bhattacharya.Soren also asked ministers from the JMM quota to focus more on execution of welfare and development work so that the party can use it as achievements in the election. There are five ministers in the 12-member state cabinet from the JMM quota.\"We have already launched a membership drive at panchayat level across the state to strengthen the organization at grassroots level before the next assembly election. The party will be rejuvenated before we hold our 10th convention next September in Ranchi,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16761571", "title": "Congress MLA stays away from rally for AIIMS", "text": "MALDA: Congress staged a rally at Chanchal in north Malda on Tuesday to garner support for setting up AIIMS at Raiganj. While the meeting saw participation of top Congress leaders, including PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya, Deepa Das Munsi, Mausam Noor and Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury (Dalu), party MLA Krishnendu Choudhury, known to be close to the chief minister was absent.Congress leaders at the meeting came down heavily on the state government. Bhattacharya found Jyoti Basu's \"ghost\" in the CM and Deepa dared Mamata Banerjee to shift the venue of the AIIMS project. But Congress Englishbazar MLA Choudhury preferred to stay back.Though district Congress president Dalu refused to comment on the issue, MLA Sabina Yeasmin criticized Choudhury. \"When PCC has organized the programme everyone from the party should attend it. But when somebody is still holding a chair with the support of the Trinamool Congress how can he speak openly against the government?\" said Yeasmin.\"It is natural for Krishnendu to not be part of a meeting where abusive words against Mamatadi are used,\" said Trinamool leader Sabitri Mitra. Choudhury said a \"meeting at the municipality\" had kept him away. \"Those who are questioning my loyalty have not suffered like me as a Congressman,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761211", "title": "In heist city, thieves make 6.75 lakh in matter of hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cash worth Rs 6.75 lakh were stolen in two incidents on Wednesday. The first incident took place in the afternoon when Bodakdev resident Dharmendra Patel, 29, was shopping at a jeweller's shop on CG Road. When they emerged from the shop, they saw that one of his car's rear windows had been smashed. A bag that was on the seat was missing. Patel later told police that the bag contained Rs 5 lakh cash and Rs 50,000 worth of a laptop. Patel has registered a complaint in this regard with the Navrangpura police station.The second incident took place when Paresh Suthar, 33, a resident of Saraspur, who works in a private firm, went to the HDFC Bank in Navrangpura. Paresh along with another colleague had withdrawn Rs 1.25 lakh from the company account for official purposes. \"Just as Paresh kick started his motorbike with his colleague riding pillion, the incident took place. Between the two, they had the bag.Before Paresh could drive off, another motorbike carrying two riders and having no number plate zoomed close. The pillion rider snatched the bag from the duo and sped away. A complaint has been registered at the Navrangpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761886", "title": "JMM to back no-trust motion against UPA", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Wednesday decided to vote against the UPA-II in case any party tables a no-confidence motion in Parliament on the issues of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail and pension sectors.The decision was taken in a core committee meeting chaired by party supremo Shibu Soren. The party also decided to pressure the state government to provide at least three more subsidized LPG cylinders in addition to six provided by the Centre and also to contest all 81 assembly seats and 14 Lok Sabha seats alone. The leaders were asked to start the preparation for the next assembly election, likely to take place in 2014.Party spokesman Supriyo Bhattacharya said everyone present in the meeting, including the ministers and MLAs, unanimously decided to vote against the UPA-II on FDI in retail and pension. \"We cannot accept anything that is against the interest of the common man, so will not support the UPA-II which has decided to bring in foreign players in retail and pension,\" said Bhattacharya. The party has two MPs in the Loka Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha.Keeping in mind the growing pressure from the masses to provide three subsidized domestic LPG cylinders, Soren asked deputy chief minister Hemant Soren and food and civil supplies minister Mathura Prasad Mahato to take up the matter in the cabinet. \"Our ministers will take up the matter in the cabinet and ensure that people of the state get at least three subsidized LPG cylinders at the earliest,\" said Bhattacharya.Soren also asked ministers from the JMM quota to focus more on execution of welfare and development work so that the party can use it as achievements in the election. There are five ministers in the 12-member state cabinet from the JMM quota. \"We have already launched a membership drive at panchayat level across the state to strengthen the organization at grassroots level before the next assembly election,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762135", "title": "NGOs from India and Nepal make an exposure visit to red light areas", "text": "VARANASI: Under the India-Nepal Human Liberty Initiative, the NGOs from India and Nepal made an exposure visit to the Shivdaspur red light areas to know the plight of sex workers on Wednesday.Before the exposure visit, a two-day workshop was organized on October 8 and 9 by Geneva Global and sponsored by Legatum Foundation to control human trafficking and slavery.The initiative started in 2010 to combat local and cross-border trafficking of human beings for sex trade, exploitation, and slavery brought together 18 NGOs from India and nine from Nepal. It focuses 13 districts in Nepal, and 23 districts in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh where communities lack the capacity to withstand trafficking and slavery.Addressing the workshop, Gene White, Asia Director, Geneva Global said, \"it was encouraging to see partner organization come together to share knowledge and experience on issues of trafficking, exploitation and slavery. The objective is to reduce the risks and incidences of trafficking, exploitation and slavery in the areas covered by the programme partners.\"Ajeet Singh of Varanasi-based organization-Guria, one of the partners of Geneva Global, emphasized on the need for a strong step to prosecute the traffickers, slave owners, and brothel owners. Charimaya Tamang from Shakti Samuha, Geneva Global partners from Nepal shared the difficulties of repatriation of trafficked Nepalese victims from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760471", "title": "UP power companies get new directors", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP government on Wednesday confirmed appointment of 12 out of 22 directors of different state power companies. The remaining appointments, an official release issued by the government said, will also be announced shortly. Selected by a committee constituted under the chief secretary and Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner ( IIDC), the directors of UPPCL, four state-run distribution companies and Kesco have the approval of chief minister.For UPPCL, the government appointed Radhe Mohan as director, personnel, while Pradeep Tandon, Alok Kumar Agarwal and Sanjay Kumar Singh were appointed directors, technical, personnel and commercial respectively, at Madhyanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd. The government appointed Sudhanshu Dwivedi and Murari Lal Sharma as director finance and technical, respectively, for Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd. Rajendra Prakash Gupta, Virendra Kumar Sharma and Alok Kumar Verma were appointed directors of Pashchimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd, while Saroj Kumar Mishra and Tejveer Singh Solanki were appointed directors of Dakshinanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd.Surya Narain Bajpai as is the new technical director, Kanpur Electricity Supply Company Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759761", "title": "Don\u2019t feed monkeys at Tis Hazari courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the monkey menace in the Tis Hazari court complex has always been a point of concern for the safety of people, the simians are now causing a new problem for the judiciary.It seems that monkeys have been causing a lot of damage to the court's records in the complex and that has triggered the court administration to issue directions in order to stop more damage. In a recent circular issued by the environment committee of the court, all the judges have been asked to direct their staff members to \"sensitize\" the people to \"avoid feeding monkeys in court complex\".The orders have been issued after it was found that besides destroying the court's records, monkeys were also causing difficulty for the Internet set up as they have been breaking the power connection. \"The plaguing of monkeys is not only damaging the court's records but sometimes files and documents are found strewn in the corridors and power cables containing sensitive data are found snapped. The dustbins are turned upside down and litter is spread all over the complex causing a lot of inconvenience,\" the note stated.The circular also reasoned that because people fed monkeys, the simians have now learnt to \"associate food with people\" and get attracted to the court premises. The committee has also rued that it is because people feed monkeys, the \"novel way\" of engaging langur to ward off monkeys have also become ineffective.Meanwhile, the MCD on Wednesday indicated to the Delhi high court that it is gearing up to end the monkey menace in the city and ensured that the simians are relocated to outside the capital in a humane manner.The agency withdrew its plea from the Delhi high court where it had expressed its helplessness in nabbing the animals citing absence of enough trained monkey catchers. Appearing before a division bench comprising chief justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, the agency claimed it has begun meetings with the Delhi government's wildlife department and plans to round up the monkeys with its help.It assured the court both agencies will implement its orders to end the monkey menace in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761041", "title": "Power sector a big contributor to global warming", "text": "BANGALORE: That global warming is a serious threat staring at us is well-known, but few would know that the power sector has been a major contributor to it over the years. Its contribution is significant in the form of ever-increasing coal power plants that hugely pollute the environment.This was the topic of discussion among experts at an event on Wednesday.Experts said India may soon become the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases globally. To combat global warming, the need to minimize carbon dioxide emission from the power sector becomes obvious. Moreover, within the energy sector, electricity alone accounts for 65.4% of all greenhouse gas emissions.\"There is an urgent need to reduce emissions from the power sector, which is possible only by minimizing the number of large conventional projects, and not by increasing them by a wide margin,\" said Shankar Sharma, who has compiled his research on the power sector in a book, 'Integrated power policy'.\"We can lead comfortable lives even if we use one-third of the energy (electricity) that we are utilizing now. The need is to figure out how to use, transmit and save energy,\" said Karnataka State Pollution Control Board chairperson Vaman Acharya.Elaborating on the power crisis in the state, YB Ramakrishna, executive chairman of the Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board, said a high 35% of electricity is lost in transmission and distribution.IMPROVE EFFICIENCYUnless the overall efficiency in transmission and distribution of electricity is improved, the combined losses at the national level may increase from Rs 68,643 crore in 2010-11 to Rs 1.16 crore by 2014-15. Such losses have led to deprivation of adequate funding to other crucial sectors of our developmental process such as drinking water supply, poverty alleviation, health, education, rural infrastructure, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760450", "title": "Commercial taxes department raids luxury buses", "text": "INDORE: The commercial taxes department sleuths raided six luxury buses that ply between Indore and Mumbai and recovered a sum of about Rs 1.29 lakh in penalty.The department has charged the bus operators with evasion of VAT. The raids were jointly conducted by RTO, traffic police and the commercial taxes department on the instructions of the district collector, Akash Tripathy.Giving details about the raid, U S Bhadoria, deputy commissioner said commercial taxes department, said, \"The luxury buses are supposed to ferry passengers and their personal belongings only. However, we observed that they were carrying things like cloth and imitation jewellery too which is a violation of the norms and hence we had to take action.''It may be stated that the commercial tax department had initiated raids after survey of the caterers and tent houses and brought them under the ambit of taxes.Transporters raidedSai Baba Travels-Rs 50,481Raj Ratan-Rs 22,515Royal Star-Rs 17,598Sanjay Travels-Rs 14,398City Link-Rs 14,268Dhariwal Travels-Rs 11,515", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16764184", "title": "Heavy security in wake of Rahul Gandhi's visit in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's visit to Panjab University (PU) on Thursday afternoon, unprecedented security cover has been deployed by the police in various parts of the city. Over 1000 police personnel are deployed on VIP duty whereas 600 out of them are solely taking care of the security measures in PU.Along with strict frisking of vehicles and checking of registration documents and identity cards, the university gate number 1, which faces PGIMER, has also been closed.Gurmukh Singh, SHO (Station House Officer) sector 11 said, \"We have covered every sensitive part to avoid any security glitches. Gate number one will remain closed to keep a check on those entering the campus.\"\"Sector 11 and 15 from where Rahul Gandhi's cavalcade is expected to pass, have been covered on both sides to ensure an organized and safe movement of the same\", he added.Though, Rahul Gandhi is coming to the university to address the students but at the same time there is resentment blooming among the students over the strict security measures which are causing them inconvenience.\"The excess attention of the police towards the security of Rahul Gandhi has resulted in a complete chaos and great deal of inconvenience. I do not understand the need to go over exaggerating a politicians security by disturbing the normal routine of people. There security checks are creating difficulty,\" said Bhumika Singh, a law student at PU.\"Due to imposed restrictions, I have to park my vehicle more than one kilometer away from my department and have to walk till here\", she added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16760084", "title": "Take a bow! Archery hits the beach", "text": "CHENNAI: The London Games may not have proved to be the dream sojourn for Indian archers, but the sport is making inroads into the popular domain. In one such pioneering move, the Archery Association of Tamil Nadu (TAAT) has decided to host the finals of the 33rd recurve, compund and para archery nationals on the famous Marina beach here this year.Though sea fronts are now turning into favoured venues for World Cup finals, it will be a first-of-its kind in India. \"It's time archery is turned into a spectator sport, and what better way than to hit the beach,\" says Shihan Hussaini, secretary of the TAAT.Marina, the second longest beach in the world, is very popular among locals as well as tourists. With the finals being slated for New Year's eve, there are security concerns which have left the organisers a touch worried. \"The Archery Association of India (AAI) has given its nod, but we are still awaiting clearance from the city's corporation and police. There will be a lot of people on the beach on New Year's eve and controlling crowds may prove to be a daunting task,\" adds Hussaini.The earlier rounds of the event will take place at the Madras University sports ground, Chetpet, with only the finals scheduled on the beach. If TAAT gets the required clearances, it plans to construct giant screens and temporary stands for spectators. Close to 600 archers from all over the country will participate in the December 26-January 1 event, which promises to be the largest-ever nationals.The archers are excited at the prospect of taking aim on the beach. \"We often play minus crowds in the country and this initiative is a welcome change. In fact, in the Olympics we had to contend with crowd, pressure and wind which eventually affected our performance. As most international competitions are hosted in similar locations, it's necessary that measures like these are taken so that we get acclimatised to such conditions,\" Jayanta Talukdar said.Asked whether the wind will affect performance, Rahul Banerjee said: \"We are trained to shoot in windy conditions as well as in rain... It may be a little tough to get one's concentration right in a public place, but that it will be a challenge we need to overcome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16761939", "title": "Bokaro Steel Plant staff to get 18k each as puja bonus", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) employees have a reason to rejoice with the company announcing a bonus of Rs 18,040 this festive season.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said the company is going to pay Rs 29.7 crore as bonus among its 16,500 BSL employees before Durga Puja this year. Out of a total of 19,400 staffers in BSL, 2,900 are officials while the remaining 16,500 are employees. For the past two consecutive years BSL has been paying Rs 18,040 to each of its employees as bonus.Though the employees were expecting more bonus than last year, they expressed satisfaction over management decision.\"Given the inflation , we were expecting that the company to give us more bonus than last year but Rs 18,040 is a satisfactory amount. We are desperately waiting for the bonus to do puja and diwali shopping,\" said an employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761958", "title": "7-year rigorous imprisonment to BSF jawan for kidnap, rape of in-law", "text": "KANPUR: A Border Security Force (BSF) jawan identified as Murari Prasad was convicted by the additional district and session judge Vth of Kanpur City Neerja Singh on Wednesday for kidnapping and raping his sister-in-law and was sentenced to seven years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 5,000.According to the prosecution, Prasad kidnapped his sister-in-law from Armapur area on August 15, 2005 morning when she was going to her school.Prasad told her that her sister (his wife) was in a precarious condition and had sent for her. He added that he had her father's permission to take her with him.He took the girl to Delhi, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Punjab and kept her with him for more than a month.The police caught him with the girl on September 21, 2005 when they were passing by Kanpur. Police claimed to have nabbed him with the girl from Jhakarkati bus stand. The girl in her statement accused Prasad of exploiting her physically.The police charged the BSF Jawan with enticing, kidnapping and raping the girl. The presiding officer acquitted him from enticing charges but punished him under section 366 and 376 IPC. He was awarded a seven year term and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 and Rs 3,000 for each of the charges, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761261", "title": "Man detained for suicide bid near Mantralaya", "text": "MUMBAI: The Marine Drive police on Wednesday detained a 30-year-old man, Balmukund Jaiswal, for attempting suicide outside Mantralaya. The police have not booked him yet. Jaiswal, who is stuck in a property dispute with his family members, wanted to meet a minister at Mantralaya, said sources.Police said Jaiswal poured kerosene on himself outside the Mantralaya gate. The security staff overpowered him and handed him over to the police. No match box was found in his possession. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761312", "title": "Centre for Science and Environment report gives Jaipur a window of opportunities to build on strengths", "text": "JAIPUR: The Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) citizen's survey findings have offered the authorities real-time data to take some urgent steps to check rising pollution levels and encourage walking and cycling as feasible options for residents to travel small distances.The report stated that 40% residents prefer to walk or cycle to nearby destinations in the city. This is an indication enough for the state to realize that given an option of walker-friendly roads, many would prefer to walk over using private cars to travel.\"Despite growing dependence on cars, the walking and cycling share-27% and 13% respectively-is the highest compared to all other modes of transport used in the city,\" the report, released on Tuesday, said.As per the report, 52% residents said that cycles and cycle rickshaws should be given priority in terms of road space. By encouraging eco-friendly modes of transport, the alarming levels of air pollution in the city can be checked.The CSE also carried out a rapid walkability audit of key areas in Jaipur, which included Johari Bazaar, Bapu Bazaar in the Walled City, the stretch outside the JDA office, BRTS stretch on Sikar Road, Sodala and Mansarovar areas.\"Johari Bazar and Bapu Bazar in the old city are the best in terms of walkability. The sidewalks have been integrated with the building design - these act as a verandah for shopkeepers and provide enough space and shade to walkers,\" the report noted.Lack of proper footpaths is a major concern for the walkers in the city. Some of the busiest roads have no separate space for walkers. Even if they do, those spaces are being conveniently encroached upon by shopkeepers.The report found out that the footpaths, like the one on the BRTS stretch on Sikar Road, are just 1-m wide, and uneven. As a result, people are forced to walk on the roads, which can be dangerous during rush-hour traffic. In Mansarovar, there are no footpaths.\"Neglect of sidewalks can hamper the plans to improve public transport ridership,\" said CSE executive director-research and advocacy Anumita Roychowdhury.Being a closely-built city, the government by improving the quality of existing roads and strengthening the public transport system can check the rise in the number of private vehicles.Most residents rate Jaipur's public transport system as dismal with majority not satisfied with the services of private mini buses. Nearly 30% rated city's transport system average with a whopping 86% supporting the idea of having dedicated lanes for buses.The report also noted that certain steps taken to control pollution levels in the past have yielded positive results. \"In 2010, Jaipur introduced Bharat Stage III norms for vehicles and an LPG programme for autos and tempos; it imposed a green tax on vehicles, exempted battery-driven motor vehicles from VAT, rationalized new buses and routes and put in place a BRTS on some routes.\"The authorities had also started 'no vehicle days' in the Walled City area. Further, vehicle purchase was linked to availability of parking space. The combination of several steps helped Jaipur to address the air pollution problem to some extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760416", "title": "Workshop on aerodynamics", "text": "INDORE: SGSITS Indore and SAE Indore division are going to organize a state level workshop on \"Basics of Aerodynamics, on October 14 at SGSITS campus.It will be an eight hour workshop which will include terms and design aspects involved in aircraft engineering besides the CFD analysis it is going to introduce.The students are invited in the teams of three. The participation fee is Rs.400. The participants will also receive certificates duly signed by SGSITS Indore, SAE Indore division and MP Flying Club.The workshop is going to be organized by an aerodesign team guided by the faculty Dr. Kartikeya Tripathi. The workshop is the first of its kind in the subcontinent and will include discussion on basic aerodynamic aspects involved in aircrafts as well as in racing cars etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16762565", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation rapped over unauthorized dam water use", "text": "NASHIK: The state water resources department has sent a reminder notice to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) over signing the new agreement for increasing the limit for water available for use from dams. The NMC currentlyfaces a penalty amounting to nearly Rs 25 lakh annually for overdrawing water from the dams beyond the authorized limit sanctioned by the state.The WRD, therefore sent a notice to the civic body to clear its dues payable to the state in order that the new reservation limit be inked and sanctioned. While the NMC has a collective annual cap of Even as the reservation of water for the NMC stood at 3,688 million cubic feet (mcft) to draw water from the dams, the civic body has surpassed that limit drawing about 4,900 mcft of water. WRD officials therefore sent their notice to the NMC over the fine.According to the agreement with WRD, the civic body can only draw 3,688 mcft of water throughout the year - including the rainy season, even as the corporation draws 4,900 mcft of water from the various dams of the department.According to discussions held during the annual meeting presided by the Nashik collector in November 2011, the NMC had a reservation cap of 3,525 mcft in the Gangapur complex from November 2011 to July 2012 based on rainfall. while the state's maximum reservation cap is at 3,688 mcft. The water realised and pumped by NMC during the rainy season has been unaccounted for.\"The WRD supplies nearly 4,800 mcft of water to the NMC despite the state limit being 3,688 and the water department has repeatedly reminded the civic body about its pending agreement which it needs to ink at the earliest to increase the state reservation limit to 5,320mcft. This cap would be valid till 2021. To get the increased cap, the NMC has to pay Rs 151.75 crore,\" superintending engineer, WRD, M K Pokle said.That the NMC needs the increased cap is evident since the civic body has been pumping 13 mcft water per day, which amounts 4,745 mcft for the year.While the WRD has sent several reminders to the civic corporation repeatedly asked the civic body (NMC) to get the agreement signed for water usage beyond 2011, the NMC has so far failed to do the needful. \"The NMC has to pay the one-time sum for non-irrigated use of the storage capacity of the dam as it affects the irrigation of 15,173 hectares of land, permanently. This was to be done till October 2011 and still now remains pending,\" an official pointed out.The officials from the water department further claimed that both Darna and Gangapur dams were built for irrigation purposes only and only 100 mcft of water was reserved for Nashik then.Since Nashik does not have a dam of its own currently, the Kikvi dam is now being constructed.Since Nashik does not have any dam of its own as of now and the Kikvi Dam is being constructed.There have been communications between the WRD and the NMC, wherein the NMC is responsible for getting the agreement done. They added that if the NMC wanted concessions, it would have to approach the state. \"Until this happens, the water pumping would be considered unauthorized leading to the fine,\" the official said, highlighting the letters dated 3 May 2012 and 25 June 2012 that were sent to the civic body. As of now since there is no agreement in place, the WRD is also charging 25 percent of the total fees in addition to the regular tariff. An NMC official has said that paying the penalty to the state would take some time due to lack of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761429", "title": "Men still rule the roost in television ads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Television advertisements are still stuck in stereotypes, says a study by the Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (Mica).As part of the study 'Portrayal of mothers in Indian television ads', associate professor and head of marketing area at Mica Falguni Vasavada-Oza studied 1600 ads, out of which around 200 from 2011 were shortlisted. Among others, ads of energy drinks and snacks for children were analyzed using parameters like credibility, family size, number and gender of kids, outer appearance, role structures and arguments shown.In 53% of ads, only the mother was shown with the child. \"This is interesting because the product categories were food items, milk additives, school products, confectionery and biscuits, showing that only the mother is held responsible for nurturing,\" says the study.Rasna, which had always showcased adorable little girls \u2014 including the promoter's daughter \u2014 for its ad campaigns, recently signed on a boy to communicate the concept of 'value for money' to his mother.Piruz Khambatta, chairman and managing director, Rasna, said, \"I think that the script and message in the commercial are more important than the roles. It is a delight to see cute little girls promote products but this time around, the script needed a character that could talk about value for money. Although we have used fathers for ads, we mostly show only mothers with the child because purchase decisions are taken by mothers,\" said Khambatta.Over 90% mothers were portrayed as housewives busy in household chores and mostly in dependent roles. \"Advertising should ideally act as a weapon to set trends. Instead, portrayal of mothers is quite traditional and the domain remains the kitchen with very less involvement in intellectual and decision making activities,\" Vasavada-Oza said.Most ads had men giving facts and opinions either by playing a character in the ad or through voice-overs, thus strangely emphasizing men as the chief wage earners and decision maker in the family. Adman Prahlad Kakkar terms this trend as 'Voice of God'. \"Usually the end of any commercial has a man's voice because people think that the voice of a woman cannot be the voice of god. Ads have always shied away from change as they are great believers in status quo, which is reflected in ads for fairness creams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "banka", "code": "16761486", "title": "4,000MW power plant likely in Banka", "text": "BANKA: Aimed at making the state self-sufficient in power generation and supply, an ambitious plan of establishing a 4,000 MW thermal power plant is likely to come up in Banka district under the joint venture of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) and NTPC Limited. Wasteland would be utilized for establishment of the thermal power plant instead of cultivable land that had been acquired by the other thermal power plant.Establishment of the 4,000 MW project would immensely benefit the state and region as far as power availability and employment generation go. NTPC sources said that out of the total production, the state's share in all probability would be nearly 50% which will be about 2,000 megawatt.The 4000 MW super thermal power project would be established near Kakwara-Katoria block in Banka district. The total land area used for the thermal power project would be around 2,440 acre, said sources adding the power project officials have surveyed the area and have sought allocation of the land in the region. The Banka district administration, taking keen interest in the proposed project, has advocated for the use of wasteland in the mountainous region of Katoria block. A high-level team comprising officials of NTPC Limited, BSEB, besides Banka district officials visited the area on Wednesday and made a physical survey of the area. Sources said that the team members were satisfied with location in view of coal supply from the nearby Lalmatia coalfield (Godda district in Jharkhand ) and others besides availability of water reservoirs from the proposed project site.When contacted, the NTPC and other officials, while refusing to come on record, said that they have come here to make an-the-spot verification of the ground realities and thereafter, they would prepare a feasibility report of the project. The thermal power project would undoubtedly bring radical changes in the power scenario in Bihar besides generating employment in the region, they added.Banka DM Deepak Anand said the team visited Banka on Wednesday and made a survey of the area where the thermal power project is proposed. \"We have offered wasteland for the power project,\" said the Banka DM adding it would be an ideal situation involving utilization of wasteland and power production simultaneously. Banka MP Putul Devi said establishment of thermal power project would remove the perennial power crisis in the state besides generating employment opportunities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "16761432", "title": "Third-year engineering student found hanging in hostel", "text": "DURGAPUR: A third-year mechanical engineering student was found hanging in his hostel room on Wednesday morning, said police, adding that preliminary probe failed to reveal the motive behind the death. The body was sent to Durgapur sub-divisional hospital for autopsy.Semester exams of the college were also called off.Debangshu Singh, a resident of Ashok Nagar in Patna, was pursuing engineering at the Camelia Institute of Engineering and Technology in Budbud. His friends said that Singh who had a room on the third floor was very soft spoken and good in studies. Some students he had skipped dinner the night before. College principal S P Sikdar was also of the same opinion and seemed completely clueless about the reason behind the suicide.\"It is unusual for a boy like him to kill oneself,\" said college principal S P Sikdar. and may have committed suicide late in the night. Police sources said that the boy was found wearing jeans and T-shirt, but there was no suicide note on him.CI (C) of Durgapur, Biswajit Das, said, \"We have started a probe and will check the call records on his mobile phone. The victim's parents have been informed and they are likely to reach tonight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16761773", "title": "Share auto drivers protest traffic police action", "text": "MADURAI: High drama was witnessed at the district collectorate on Wednesday as hundreds of share autorickshaw drivers staged a protest against the spot fines for violations and seizure of vehicles by the traffic police. The demonstrations were held in three different places continuously as the drivers refused to buckle down. After police tightened their grip on share autorickshaws for various violations like overloading of passengers, hazardous driving and other violations, they fined them for violating rules and even seized some vehicles.The drivers congregated under the banner of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) at Anna Bus stand and staged the demonstration, after which a few representatives led by CITU district secretary B Vickraman submitted a petition to district collector Anshul Mishra. Mishra promised to look into their issues but warned that the officials would still take action against violators. The representatives then addressed the drivers and the demonstration was called off.However, a section of autorickshaw drivers still continued their protest and picketed the road opposite the district collectorate, demanding the immediate release of seized vehicles. Police had a tough time negotiating with the agitated drivers, and after some time, a few other representatives went to present their case to the district administration. Even as the representatives were meeting officials, the drivers dispersed from the spot and tried to picket the road at Goripalayam junction.Police managed to stop them at Panagal Road near Government Rajaji Hospital and the drivers engaged into a heated arguments with the police. \"We have pledged the jewels of our family and borrowed huge loans on exorbitant interest to buy bigger autorickshaws. How will we earn if such restrictions are imposed on us,\" a driver asked the police. As the drivers refused to leave the place, the police had to use mild force to disperse them but continued negotiating with them. After a lot of negotiations, the drivers abandoned their struggle and dispersed from the spot.B Raja, an executive member of the share autorickshaw drivers association, questioned the rationale behind allowing the sales of share autos although the government had already stopped open permits. \"The market price of such autos is Rs 1.65 lakh but it is sold for Rs 2.50 lakh in Madurai. With so many government departments having a stake in such autos, the price is being jacked up. Many of us bought these vehicles on loans on exorbitant interest rates. We need to pay the EMIs. How can we manage if we are allowed to board just three passengers in a trip,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762585", "title": "Dasara to get cracking with online quiz", "text": "MYSORE: The Dasara executive committee is fine tuning events to attract visitors to Mysore.Running against the deadline-the Dasara festival starts on October 16-the official machinery is now focused on the festivities. This edition has some additions like a musical ensemble from dawn to dusk and magic shows. There is tax free entry for the visitors crossing inter-state borders. The state government has issued order waiving the entry tax from October 15, which will be on for a month, district minister SA Ramdas said on Wednesday.Sideshwara Swami of Bijapur-based Gnanayogashram will inaugurate the festivities atop Chamundi Hills on October 16 at 10.42 am. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and the deputy CMs will attend. The Dasara executive committee headed by the minister will start inviting the dignitaries from Thursday starting with the CM and cabinet ministers. On Friday, the minister with officials in tow will call on governor HR Bhardwaj at the Raj Bhavan and scion of the Mysore royal family Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar at Bangalore Palace and invite them. The invite will also be extended to the Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court Justice Vikramajit Sen.Dasara events will start with an online quiz on Sunday. This is aimed at creating awareness about the flagship festival of the state and its history. The quiz is open for the applicants for registration at the official website for the Dasara www.mysoredasara.gov.in\"This edition of the festivities we are focusing on age-old traditions followed in the state like the customs practised by followers of different religions during marriage as the government has decided to celebrate the festivities traditionally,\" Ramdas stated. The tableaus during the Dasara procession on October 24 will depict the customs and traditions followed here. It will also educate the masses about the various stages of evolution of transportation.Ramdas admitted that the Cauvery crisis has affected the tourist flow but nonetheless said it will not impact the festivities with normalcy having returned to the Cauvery belt. \"We were worried, but now hope that it will not affect the festival. The ball is now in the court of Cauvery River Authority and we hope we'll get justice,\" he stated.According to him, commercial flights will operate during Dasara from Mysore Airport and the details will be announced in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762423", "title": "\u2018Study on ageing, cancer should be priority\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The focus of science should be on understanding the functions of human brain better, said Nobel laureate Prof Jules A Hoffmann, at a conference at the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) here on Wednesday. \"Why do we get excited? And why do we love? Why do we have short-term memory and long-term memory? We have to know why the brain functions the way it does,\" he said.Prof Hoffmann was here to participate in the 25 years of celebration of Indo-French Centre for Promotion of Advanced Research ( IFCPAR). He delivered a lecture on 'Antimicrobial Defence of Drosophila: A Paradigm for Innate Immunity From Flies to Humans'. Prof Hoffman of Strasbourg University, France, along with Prof Bruce A Beutler was awarded Nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2011 for their discovery which revolutionised the understanding of the immune system by discovering key principles for its activation.Prof Hoffman said the need of the hour was to study ageing which he described as an important field. \"There are diseases associated with ageing. The immune system is affected,\" he said. Prof Hoffmann said what needs special attention was cancer. \"There are more than 200 types of cancers. The difference between normal cells and cancer cells need to be studied,\" he said.The Nobel laureate stressed that infectious diseases which put one-third of the human population to risk and affect their ability to work will have to be studied. He hoped there would be cures for all of them, including HIV in the next 50 years. He said humanity would also understand the functioning of the brain. \"But I do not know when it will happen\", he said.Prof Hoffmann described his further projects and the work that fetched him Nobel prize. He, along with Prof Beutler discovered receptor proteins that can recognise microorganisms and activate innate immunity which can destroy invading microorganisms and trigger inflammation that contributes to blocking their assault. This discovery has made possible the development of new methods for preventing and treating diseases.Prof Hoffmann said due to inflammation a large number of people died and it was necessary to devise drugs to prevent this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760129", "title": "Tarnaka residents to launch radio service", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a first, a residential society in Tarnaka will soon launch a community radio service. The Tarnaka Resident's Welfare Association has already got the permission and has even been allotted 90.8 MHz frequency that residents will be able to tune into for daily local updates or even go on-air to discuss their grievances. The radio channel would cover a 10-km radius and promises to reach out to a sizeable number of residents in Tarnaka. The association members said they were trying to rope in other societies that fall in this frequency range to make the channel more locally relevant as well as a successful model.Association members said they plan to utilise this medium as a voice of residents and a grievances redressal forum. \"We will encourage the residents to talk on various issues of the society and also about the problems affecting their neighbourhood. This way, the problem will not only get highlighted but we will also follow it up with the officials till it is resolved,\" said V B J Chelikani Rao, honorary president, Tarnaka Residents Welfare Association. The community radio station will also have interactive programmes involving local politicians, government officials and residents.The estimated initial investment for setting up the studio is Rs 20 lakh with a monthly expenditure of Rs 1 lakh for running it but the association members are confident of turning it into a self-sustainable model. \"For every 60 minutes of service, we can have a five-minute commercial slot and we are confident of getting advertisements. We will not seek any government grants and whatever monetary support that we get will be invested back,\" said an association member.Though the city boasts of many FM entertainment radio stations, there are not more than a couple of community radio stations which are mostly run by universities for their students. However Deccan Radio, which has its radio station in Abids and caters to many parts of the city, has been rolling out purely community service programmes from past three years.Zaheed Farooqui, in charge of Deccan Radio, highlighted the need for more such radio stations in the city. \"These stations can actually become the voice of the community and it will be useful if more such stations come up. We air programmes for 10 hours everyday that revolve around health and education. The response from the public towards our service has been really good even though we have some limitations as our range is only limited to 10 km,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760879", "title": "Office-bearers of housing societies to assist EC", "text": "PUNE: The State Election Commission has decided to rope in chairpersons and secretaries of cooperative housing societies as booth-level volunteers for revision of voters' list. There are as many as 13,000 cooperative housing societies in the city and their office-bearers are expected to assist the election officers in registration of new voters.As the election office does not have enough manpower to complete the registration work, a majority of the work is done by local revenue officials and other government employees, including school teachers. The EC has been facing opposition from teachers as it has asked them to collect information pertaining to voters like verification of residential address and information on the deceased before their names could be deleted from the voters' list. The office-bearers will have to provide details of residents such as full name, gender, age and supporting documents for updating the list.Apurva Wankhede, district deputy election officer, told TOI: \"The commission is expecting to get help from housing society officials and reduce the workload on its staff. The number of housing societies having multiple buildings is increasing by the day. The EC will be setting up an electoral booth for every 1,500 voters. Many housing societies have voter population close to this number, hence, the EC has decided to take help from housing society officials.\" As the housing society office-bearers are generally aware of the people staying in their buildings, the information given by them could be reliable, she added. The SEC has initiated a special revision of electoral rolls this month. New voters who will complete 18 years of age as on January 1, 2013, can apply for registration with required documents. After verification, the name will be included in the list and prospective voter will get election photo identity card.The commission has appealed to people to inform it about the deceased so that their names can be removed from the list. The updated list will be released on January 5.Meanwhile, Suhas Patwardhan of Pune district housing co-operative federation has objected to the move of involving the office-bearers in election-related work claiming that most of them were senior citizens. \"The commission has not yet informed us officially about its decision. Registration of voters is a crucial task and housing society officials are not trained for such work. Housing societies can call meetings of its members and election officers and provide infrastructure of the society for registration work. The commission should not involve us in such a critical work,\" he said. The EC has asked the registrar of cooperative housing societies to provide details of registered housing societies and contact details of their chairpersons and secretaries. Till date, there are 13,000 registered cooperative housing societies in Pune district, said Kiran Sonawane, district deputy registrar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16760082", "title": "Yeddyurappa to have bicycle as party symbol?", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , who has been threatening to quit the BJP, seems to have at last crystallized his plans. He is learnt to have zeroed in on a name and symbol for his proposed regional outfit.\"I have decided to quit BJP by December and float a new political outfit,\" he said here on Wednesday.Yeddyurappa is seriously considering having bicycle as the party symbol. The reason is because of his pet scheme of giving bicycles to government school students when he was the deputy chief minister in the HD Kumaraswamy-headed JDS-BJP government.Sources close to him claimed that Yeddyurappa was recognized in the state as \"bicycle Yeddyurappa\". \"More than 30 lakh students have benefited by this scheme. So bicycle symbol is being worked out,\" a source said. Yeddyurappa earlier was said to be interested in coconut tree as the symbol.Besides the symbol, the title, Karnataka Janata Party, is being worked out. A team of lawyers is working on the process of registering the party under this name. It is said that the process would start next week and the party would be registered in the next 10 days.Support for Yeddyurappa came from an unexpected quarter. Former CM DV Sadananda Gowda, who was toppled by Yeddyurappa, stated that he will not quit the party. \"He seems to be hurt by some political developments. That is the reason for his statements of quitting the party,\" Gowda said.Yeddyurappa has started wooing MLAs. He is reportedly asking the MLAs, MLCs and MPs irrespective of the political parties to join his proposed party. Many including people in his close circle have not evinced interest.A senior BJP leader said Yeddyurappa's plans of quitting the party hinge on Gujarat elections. He said if Narendra Modi returns to power in Gujarat, Yeddyurappa may reconsider quitting BJP. Of late, Yeddyurappa has been heaping praise on Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760123", "title": "Worried over crime rise, Sheila Dikshit wants say in policing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising violent crime was on the chief minister's agenda when she met Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Wednesday. Once again, she hinted that the large floating population of migrants may be contributing to the crime spiral. \"I have always felt that Delhi's porous borders are a big problem. Large numbers of people keep coming and going. Also, there are some areas with too much density and that also makes things worse,\" the CM told TOI.After her meeting with the home minister, Sheila Dikshit said, \"He has assured me he will look into the matter and hold a meeting with the authorities concerned.\" She also said she had earlier written about the crime situation to lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna. The LG's office confirmed receipt of the letter and said a reply will be sent in a day or two.Dikshit stressed she was particularly concerned about crime against senior citizens but her government could not directly deal with the situation.\"Delhi Police has increased the number of police stations to deal with the pressure. But then how the crime situation can be tackled in Delhi is something that they (home ministry and police) will have to deal with,\" she added.The CM has repeatedly called at the home ministry to discuss law-and-order concerns. She has also stressed her helplessness as the Delhi government does not look after law and order, and demanded a say in the subject. Dikshit also wants a say in land management, which is under the Union urban development ministry.Dikshit had earlier persuaded the Centre to split the erstwhile MCD citing poor management. She even got the Centre to agree to amendments in the Delhi Municipal Corporation Act 1957 to create room for the state government as a coordinator between the three corporations. While she managed to dilute the powers of the MCD, Congress lost in all three corporations. The BJP emerged as the ruling party, setting the ground for a fresh political battle in the 2013 assembly polls. It has been over six months since the MCD split, but the three local bodies continue to struggle to find a foothold, hounded by the old systemic failures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759671", "title": "One held for extortion", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police on Tuesday booked three persons in a bizarre case of extortion. A 38-year-old man and his two accomplices had allegedly demanded two country-made revolvers, ammunition, two cars and cash Rs5 lakh from a real estate dealer.Accused Rajesh Wankhede has been arrested by Dhantoli police after complainant Sudatta Ramteke approached the cops. He claimed that Wankhede and two of his accomplices have been harassing him for cash, cars and country-made revolvers since June.The trio would come to Ramteke's Neeri Road real estate office to threaten him. They would threaten Ramteke with dire consequences if their demands were not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760916", "title": "Amitabh Bacchan fans plan parties to celebrate 'Big day'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Big B turns 70 today and fans of the legendary actor are all set to celebrate his birthday and express love for the superstar in their own way. While some plan to party and shake a leg at the actor's birthday, others just settle for praying for the actor's long life and good health.Calling the star his \"guiding light\", Jatinder Sahni, a businessman and resident of Basant Avenue, has planned a special get-together with friends to toast and celebrate the legend's birthday. \"Me and my friends plan to celebrate the occasion at my showroom in Sarabha Nagar \u2014 complete with partying and watching his blockbuster movies. We have also ordered a cake for the party and have already dispatched a gift for Big B,\" he said, adding that in the morning we would also be praying for the actor's long life and good health.Vineet Khanijo, a businessman and resident of Model Town, along with friends Jatinpreet, Ganagandeep Kaur and Atik Khan, also plan to celebrate Big B's birthday with great pomp and show. \"We would be joined by other friends for a night of non-stop dancing on Bachchan's famous numbers. We have also sent a gift for Big B and hope that he accepts it with the same love that we have sent it with.\"A bakery shop in Sarabha Nagar plans to make special picture cakes of Amitabh Bachchan to celebrate the day. Owner of the bakery Harjinder Singh said, \"We have planned special cakes with edible pictures of Amitabh Bachchan on Thursday. We hope to get a good response from fans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760083", "title": "20-year-old Torxem girl stabbed", "text": "PANAJI: A 20-year-old girl from Torxem in Pernem taluka was stabbed by an unknown assailant near her house late on Wednesday evening. Sources said that the girl who was bleeding after the attack was rushed to the district hospital at Mapusa. The police had not made any arrest till late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762065", "title": "Sangam city celebrates Big B's b'day in advance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A string of functions were organized to celebrate the 70th birthday of superstar of the millenium Amitabh Bachchan in the Sangam city on Wednesday.Office bearers of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti gathered at Nirala art gallery of Allahabad University on Wednesday where local poet, Vishnu Dayal Srivastava recited his collection of 70 poems composed on the life of Bachchan. The poems take one to a journey down the memory lane depicting the early life and career of the superstar. Convener Teerthraj Pandey said that later on a photo exhibition which also included a rare collection of photographs related with the life of Big B were put up for display.The exhibition was inaugurated by former state minister and senior Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) leader, Dr N K S Gaur alongwith the patron of the samiti, Dharamraj Pandey amidts recitation of mantras and performance of puja.This was followed by a recitation of the classic collection of poems 'Madhushala' composed by Bachchan's father late Harivansh Rai Bachchan.Earlier local sand artist Raj Kapoor Chitera also prepared a 70 foot long sand idol of Amitabh Bachchan on the banks of Sangam which drew a large number of visitors who appreciated the feat of the artist.Chitera informed that the birthday of superstar is being celebrated in the Sangam city for the last 10 years on the banks of Sangam and people of the city are eagerly anticipating the visit of the superstar in the city during the forthcoming Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759768", "title": "No lesson learnt after Kush Katariya murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police do not seem to have cared to give an afterthought following the kidnapping and murder of eight-year-old Kush Katariya on this day a year ago. No efforts seemed to have been made to prepare guidelines for handling complaints of kidnapping, especially of young children as cops went on showing their indifferent attitude in different cases in the last one year.A Right to Information (RTI) Act query showed the city police had no clue till July this year about 142 missing minors which included seven kidnapped girls.In August, Lakadganj police were even reluctant to lodge a missing complaint of three-year-old Chand Babu when his family approached them. Despite naming the person who had taken away Chand, officers of Lakadganj police station did not take the matter seriously until joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena intervened. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and Saxena's intervention led to the registration of the matter and subsequent rescue of the boy from Bihar.Even before the storm of Chand Babu's case was settled, Kalamna police delayed taking missing complaint of five-year-old boy Krish Kaikade for around nine hours and also wasted a day until his semi-nude body was found near a nullah in September.Taking shelter under the post-mortem report of Krish that he died due to drowning, police opted to forget the case. Till date, it is not clear how the boy reached five kilometres away from the place he resided. There is also no answer why Krish did not have trousers on despite the fact that the shoes were found near his body.Meanwhile, Kush's family has reiterated the demand for speedy justice on his death anniversary. Aggrieved father Prakash said the family would perform rituals and engage in charities. \"We are planning to visit the shelter home for orphans and physically challenged children,\" said the father. He said it would be a difficult task to control emotions of mother Chhaya and elder sister Muskan on the death anniversary.Ridham Puria (8) and Shubham Vaid (9), friends of Kush and key witnesses, too visited the Katariya's residence. \"Ridham and Shubham came to the house and played the way they used to when Kush was there for them,\" said Prakash.'Cutter' panch deposeRajesh Belkhore, panch witness, deposed before the district and additional sessions judge G J Akarte on Wednesday as regards the place and manner in which the cutter was seized by police at the instance of Ayush Pugaliya who had allegedly used it to kill Kush Katariya on October 11 last year.Belkhore said he was present as panch witness on October 23 when the cutter was seized from a bush behind an electric pole at Surya Nagar in Kalamna. The cutter was in a green cover. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, aided by advocate Rajendra Daga, also examined Dr Mithun Gholape from Government Medical College and Hospital who was the panch witness when Ayush's blood samples were taken. Panch Harshad Kolhe, witness to the collection and sealing of blood sample of Ayush, was also examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761188", "title": "Sufi-Tablig tiff: Probe of controversial speech stayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amid a tiff between two Muslim schools of thought - Barelwi and Deobandi - the Gujarat high court on Wednesday stayed police probe against the chairman of the Gujarat State Haj Committee, Sufi Mehbubali Bawa Saheb.Mehbubali, who holds the chair of a shrine at Atodara village in Olpad, faces a criminal complaint, which was lodged by the members of Tablig Jamat last month. He was booked by the Olpad police for causing enmity between two communities, making statements conducing to public mischief, and deliberate and malicious acts that are intended to outrage religious feelings.The FIR filed by Mohammed Hanif Saiyed claimed that Mehbubali delivered a speech and tried to demean Tablig Jamat. Mehbubali has been accused of using bad words for the clergy and women belonging to the Tablig Jamat. It was also alleged that Mehbubali called the followers of the sect impotent and inhumane. The complainant further claimed that he had recorded evidence of the speech that was delivered at Atodara on September 22.Demanding the cancellation of the FIR, Mehbubali contended in his petition that he is a follower and preacher of the Sufi school of Islam. He said he has been an achiever from a tender age and claimed that followers of other sects try to drag him into litigation to lower his dignity.Mehbubali also attributed the complaint to long-standing differences between two sects and cited an FIR lodged with Rander police in 2010 against the members of Tablig Jamat. He sought to cancel the FIR on the grounds that if such an FIR was not quashed, \"it would have a devastating and baneful effect on society.\" The petition goes on to say: \"Ultimately every offence has a socioeconomic or religious cause behind it, and therefore in wider benefit of maintaining public peace in the larger context of public justice also, it is required to be quashed\". Justice R H Shukla on Wednesday issued notice to state government and the complainant and scheduled further hearing on October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760498", "title": "'96% languages in India endangered'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Majority of the Indian languages could become extinct if timely efforts are not made to preserve them. According to Indian linguistics, of 380 languages spoken in India, 96% are endangered. In fact, in India, only 4% people speak 96% of these endangered languages while 96% natives speak 4% of the major languages.Linguistics from the Central Institute of Indian Languages and other renowned institutions will throw light on \"Endangered and lesser known languages: Challenges and responses\" during a three-day seminar at Lucknow University from October 11-13.Prof Anvita Abbi, a distinguished linguistic, said, \"By allowing languages to die out, we are destroying what needs to be preserved. The task of saving these languages all over the world has already begun. All we need to do is spread awareness among the people.''She added that, \"In the process, we document the language, describe its grammatical format and prepare dictionaries. Besides, we are also working on its revitalization.\"Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, head, department of Linguistics, LU, Prof Kavita Rastogi said, \"With the disappearance of any small or big language, language, cultural heritage and worldview of its speaker is lost. Each language confers a sense of identity upon its native speakers.\"She however, said that in Uttar Pradesh, there is no such identified endangered language.At present, there are at least 6,000 living languages across the world. Linguistics believe that of the total languages, 330 have more than one million speakers each while 51 languages have only one speaker each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760400", "title": "'Biodiversity in food crops needs to be preserved'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Noted agricultural scientist and the Father of green revolution in India, MS Swaminathan on Tuesday called for conservation of biodiversity in food crops. \"The food basket should be enlarged with diverse foods made available for consumption,\" he said, stressing on nutrition in agriculture.Swaminathan was speaking at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here at the inauguration of the CoP-11 satellite event on 'Biodiversity management for alleviating poverty and malnutrition'. He said nutrition conservation in cultivation, supporting with the example of how the tribals in Kolli hills were doing it.Swaminathan said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself had described malnutrition in the country as a 'national shame'. He pointed out that though 250 million tonnes of food grains and 250 million tonnes of vegetables and fruits were produced, the inadequate purchasing power of the poor was coming in the way of the access to nutritional food. Swaminathan also stated that the main problem in the country was sanitation for the poor. \"Clean drinking water should be provided for them,\" he said.The scientist, who is chairman emeritus of M S Swaminathan Research Foundation ( MSSRF) said a food-based approach instead of a drug-based approach was necessary to treat health problems.Governor E S L Narasimhan said agricultural should become a remunerative profession to arrest the migration of the rural population to urban areas. Narasimhan questioned as why there was inadequate storage facility for paddy and wheat in the country when the production was huge. He said because of income generation programmes, unhealthy lifestyles were also being developed when a family should have more access to nutritional food.Former director of NIN, B Sesikeran said the latest figures released showed a 50 per cent increase in childhood obesity worldwide but in south Asia, it was 0.6 per cent. \"This goes to show the problem of under nutrition,\" he said. Sesikeran said new technologies should be used in agriculture. \"There is a need for a second green revolution. It should be the gene revolution,\" he said.NIN director Kalpagam Polasa welcomed the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761781", "title": "Apartment residents in Kochi to form apex body soon", "text": "KOCHI: Contrary to the popular belief that residents of any apartment complex have very little in common, they are joining hands to showcase their combined strength with a view to getting grievances redressed. An apex body of apartment dwellers is in the offing, thanks to an initiative by the Kochi chapter of the Builders Association of India (BAI).\"We view ourselves as a 70,000-strong votebank that can directly influence local body elections, especially since those in power have wafer-thin majority. No one can take us for granted. The number of people living in apartments is expected to go up due to land scarcity. Hence an association is necessary to take up their issues with the government,\" said Builders Association of India's (BAI) Kochi chapter secretary Prince Joseph.The cap imposed on subsidized LPG cylinders for flats with reticulated system had forced builders to organize people living in such apartments to fight for their cause. As a first step in this direction, an ad hoc committee was constituted on Tuesday at a meeting convened by BAI's Kochi chapter. The meeting was also attended by representatives of some of the residents' associations in the city.\"The six-cylinder cap issue is likely to be settled. But we face several other issues, for which we need an association,\" said Joseph, adding that BAI would seek the support of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India in this matter.Apartment residents face problems like securing a water connection from the Kerala Water Authority. The authority is not ready to provide more than one connection for apartments while residents, who have secured connections, complain that the water flow is not forceful.The power connections for common facilities at apartments, like elevators, are charged at commercial rates. Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) had recently announced domestic tariff for such common facilities, including elevators. However, apartments are yet to benefit from this decision.\"Recently, we contacted KSEB. But, we were not given a clear picture ,\" president of Holy Faith Manor and Residency Association (HAMARA) Biju P Joseph told TOI.The BAI's Kochi chapter alleged that though KSEB receives good revenue from apartments, they are not ready to provide electricity at domestic tariff for common facilities at apartments.Apartment residents also complained that plastic waste treatment is another major problem and local bodies do not collect plastic waste regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761395", "title": "'Congress workers' attack BJD rally in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An unpalatable incident marred the BJD's Jan Sampark Yatra in Puri after ruling party activists were attacked with stones, rotten eggs, tomatoes, slippers and cow dung by suspected Congress workers near Mochi Sahi Square on Wednesday.Around 200 BJD activists, including some women, were moving in a rally towards Dolamandap Sahi when 15 bike-borne men surprised them by hurling eggs at them. BJD leader and chairman of Odisha Co-operative Coir Corporation Limited (OCCC) Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra, who was spearheading the yatra, sustained injuries on his forehead and left eye. Sources said four other participants of the rally were hurt in the attack.\"The miscreants were carrying Congress flags and shouting anti-BJD slogans. They pelted stones, eggs and tomatoes at us,\" said Dasmohapatra, also president of the Hotel Association of Puri. \"They wanted to spoil our yatra,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762041", "title": "200 out of 408 selected students hail from Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Once again local students came out with flying colours in Provincial Civil Services examination, the results for which were declared on Wednesday. As per the sources, out of 408 candidates who were finally declared selected, around 200 hail from the city which is indicative of local students dominance in the examination.Leading the pack was local girl Shraddha Shandilyayana who secured second position among girls and sixth in overall merit. A graduate from Allahabad University Shraddha made it to the top rank in her second attempt while bagging the post of treasury Officer in her previous attempt, informed her family members.Her subjects in the examination were History and Social work and on an average the girl used to put in more than 8 hours of regular study since the last two years.On the other hand Ashish Kumar Dwivedi with a combination of Botany and Social Work also made it to the post of Sales Tax officer in his fourth attempt. A post graduate in Botany from Allahabad University, the boy gave credit for his success to his father and elder brother Vinod Dwivedi.Likewise other students who also made it through the final selection included Sushil Pratap Singh, Subhash Chandra Saroj, Rajkumar Pandey and Vinit Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761110", "title": "Hemasri was dead when taken to Baptist Hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: When tele-serial actor Hemasri was admitted to Baptist Hospital late on Tuesday evening, she had been dead for two to three hours.Hemasri's sudden death has taken on shades of a murder mystery: the autopsy by Victoria Hospital's forensic experts reveals external injuries on her scalp, left cheek, just below her rib cage and on her leg. There were also suspected traces of poison in her stomach and signs of haemorrhage and blood clots in the brain, the report stated.Hemasri, 28, died under mysterious circumstances on Tuesday. \"When she was admitted to Baptist Hospital, Hebbal, she was already dead,\" investigating officers said.Soon after taking the body home, her father accused her husband Surendra Babu of killing her, the officers said.\"Three minor external injuries were found on the body. The viscera was sent for histopathology tests and also to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) at Madivala,\" Victoria Hospital sources said.Police, in their preliminary investigation, found that Hemasri and Surendra Babu were on their way to Anantpur when Hemasri fell sick and started vomiting in the car. The couple returned to the city and she was taken to Baptist Hospital late on Tuesday evening.\"We are questioning Surendra Babu,\" police said.Surendra Babu had unsuccessfully contested the Lok Sabha election on a Janata Dal (Secular) ticket. Hemasri had also contested assembly elections in 2008 on a BSP ticket but was defeated.A FAILED MARRIAGEThe couple married on June 22, 2011, against Hemasri's wishes. \"It was an arranged marriage and it was at the instance of her parents that they got married at Tirupathi. Within two days of her marriage, Hemasri approached the then joint commissioner of police (crime) Alok Kumar and filed a complaint against Surendra Babu and her parents for forcing her to marry against her will. But the complaint was withdrawn later under the instance of a senior police officer in the city,\" police said.Just a fortnight ago, the actor had sought security, in a petition to a top police official.The investigation is being conducted by DCP (North) HS Revanna, with the case being treated as hyper-sensitive and to avoid any further criticism over the local Hebbal police for mishandling the case. \"This is because there were contradictions in the statements given by her husband Surendra Babu,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759636", "title": "Karuna says it again: Won\u2019t seek more central berths", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Wednesday reiterated his party's position of not seeking additional berths in the Union cabinet in a possible reshuffle. Reacting to reports that his party's stand against FDI in retail trade was motivated by its failure to get some key portfolios, he said he had opposed the proposal even in the run-up to the 2006 assembly election and it was part of the DMK's manifesto then.Karunanidhi's clarification in the DMK organ 'Murasoli' came in response to a write-up in the CPM party organ 'Theekathir'. \"It is our (DMK) policy that there should be no FDI in retail trade,\" Karunanidhi said while flaying the \"false reports\".Responding to the news item that claimed that the DMK was vying with Sharad Pawar's NCP to get railways and energy portfolios, Karunanidhi said, \"They had written that as the portfolios were not offered to us, we had resolved against FDI in multi-brand retail.\" Recalling his recent statement, he said, \"I had clearly stated we would not participate in the cabinet reshuffle. It was widely published in all the newspapers.\" He said the party had taken a firm decision about not seeking more berths and it would stick to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16759719", "title": "4 woman Naxals arrested during encounter", "text": "Gondia: Four woman Naxals were arrested with weapons during an encounter between the outlaws of Gadchiroli-Gondia Core and the police near Chichgarh on Monday night. A Naxal, who was injured in the exchange of fire, managed to flee.Chichgarh police got the information of Naxal movement in the surrounding areas. In-charge of the anti-Naxal squad Tiwari and commandos of 60 battalion were combing the forest when 25 to 30 rounds were suddenly fired at them near village Taimul Kotra, about 30km from Chichghar. The combing party retaliated by firing at least 60 rounds in which a Naxal was injured. But he managed to flee, taking advantage of the darkness. However, two woman Naxals of Kochi Dalam - Divya alias Baiji Ilani and Rani alias Anjali Kumbhare - were arrested with arms by the police.According to the information given by these two, 19 Naxals of Gadchiroli-Gondia Core, which consisted of nine men and ten women , were moving around. Police recovered from them two 12 bore rifles, one 8mm and 3 other rifles, a radio set and other material.As the interrogation was in progress, the combing party nabbed two more woman Naxals of Gadchiroli Dalam - Laxmi alias Radhika Halani and Kasari alias Sunita Tawade - near Ganutola on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16761874", "title": "Villagers tonsure &amp; parade tantrik", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of residents of Madwataad village in Gomia block took out a procession with a tantric and his two women followers after shaving their heads as they failed to revive a dead woman from the grave on Tuesday evening.The villagers were venting their anger on Jitendera Besra for cheating them by making false claims of his divine power in exchange for money.More than 500 villagers assembled to watch the \"divine power\" of Besra, who along with Surajmuni Devi and Badki Devi, created a scene by chanting mantras and meditating a few meters away from the grave of Vandana Devi for more than 24 hours.But when his tricks failed to make Vandana alive from the grave according to his claim, the crowd lost their patience. Besra admitted in front of the people that he had lied to them about his divine power. Enraged by it, the people shaved the heads of the three and took them around in a procession.Mahdeo Manjhi, a villager said, Vandana had died a month ago following snakebite. Her husband Kandulal Manjhi was working in Bangalore. A few days ago, Besra came to this tribal-dominated village and claimed that he could make the dead people alive with supernatural power. He approached Kandulal with his claim and demanded Rs 1 lakh for performing the rituals. Kandulal agreed to pay.\"He is a cheat and wanted to earn money from us. The incident has opened our eyes and we will never indulge in such superstition again,\" said Aasim Manjhi, the gram pradhan.DSP, Bermo, Santosh Pathak said police have come to know about the incident. \"But nobody lodges a complaint in this matter which has made it difficult for police to lodge an FIR.\" The village is far-flung and the area has a significant Maoist presence which is why police could not reach on time, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762011", "title": "Govt tells HC it will ban gutka from April 1", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state government on Wednesday filed an affidavit in the Allahabad High Court stating that is going to ban the production and sale of paan masala and gutka in the state from April 1 next year. The government has already issued a notification in this regard.The affidavit was filed on a PIL filed by the Indian Dental Association demanding ban on the sale of paan masala and gutka in UP. However, the bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Anurag Kumar stayed further hearing on the PIL till any order is passed by the Supreme Court in this matter.In a similar matter imposing ban on paan masala and gutka in Maharashtra, a special leave petition has been filed in the Supreme Court. The apex court has stayed the hearing of such petitions in the high courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16761719", "title": "Body of ex-armyman found at Barasat", "text": "BARASAT: The body of an ex-armyman was found floating on a pond at Pioneer Park near Barasat on Wednesday morning.Police said the victim, Chittaranjan Das (75), a resident of Pioneer Park and a retired armyman, had gone missing since Tuesday morning.His family members lodged a missing diary with Barasat police station the same day.Around 7.30am on Wednesday, some locals spotted the body and informed police.According to his family members, Das was suffering from mental depression. Police are probing whether he had committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762465", "title": "Mangalore will have International Baccalaureate school soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Ryan International Group of Institutions, which has presence in India and ten other countries, is planning to open three schools in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts in the next 18 months.While one of the schools will offer International Baccalaureate (IB) and the British Columbia (Canada) syllabus, the rest will offer CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Education) and ICSE (Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations).Ryan International has more than 100 institutions across the country and the group's schools also offer SSC and HSC (Secondary and Higher School Certificate) and IGCSE, A &amp; O Level (Cambridge International Examinations).Grace Pinto, managing director, Ryan International Group of Institutions said that they have land in Konaje and in Udupi district. The IB school will be in Konaje,'' she said. The group has branches in USA, Australia, Middle East, Singapore, Canada , Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Sri Lanka and South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762619", "title": "Dasara festival: Age fails to deter these 'elephant'ine experts", "text": "MYSORE: They are experienced, and with a die-hard spirit, they toiled hard to make Dasara festivals successful. What makes them different from the rest of their ilk is their continuing bond with Dasara and their constant zeal to contribute for the jumbo task.These two mahouts, who have worked for over four decades, are still behind the stage even seven years after their retirement.Pasha, 65 and Zakkaullah, 67, have been helping the officials with the \"elephant job\".Their work is to make 'namda' (bed), 'gadi' (a bed like material), 'chapu' and 'jula' (clothes used to put on the howdah-carrying elephant and 'kumki' elephants). They also sew the heavy rope used to tie the wooden howdah for rehearsals.They are more excited to be associated with the mega event and are regular visitors to the Mysore Palace where elephants stay for rehearsal. Sometimes, the duo joins the pachyderms in the morning and evening rehearsals.\"I have never missed Dasara since 1971. I was born and brought up at Kakanakote, now Balle elephant camp in Heggadevana Kote taluk,\" says Pasha.His father was a mahout and since his childhood he has been associated with elephants. \"I have worked as kavadi for eight years and then as mahout for 18 years before retirement. I have worked with four elephants - Radhika, Revathi, Jayaprakash and Chaitra, which is now taking part in Dasara after a long gap,\" he says. Though he retired in 2005, it has not prevented him from attending Dasara and helping officials in sewing up jute rope and also in repacking 'namda' made of coir, and other clothes used on howdah elephant.Zakkaulla, who retired 9 years ago, too has not missed any Dasara since 1969.He was a kavadi and mahout to Sarala, who is now a mother and counted out from this Dasara. According to veterinarian D N Nagaraj, everyone including the scion of Mysore royal family Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar recognizes Pasha, who is an expert in elephant work.\"He along with Zakkaullah helps us in repacking beds and making clothes used to put on elephants that are used for the festival. Tying the howdah on an elephant is not an easy task. It requires expertise and Pasha is an expert in it,\" claims Nagaraj.The jute rope made by them are used only for rehearsals while a different rope made of cotton and silk, which is in Wadiyar's possession, is used to tie the golden howdah on the procession day, says the vet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16759942", "title": "Sariska set to get three more tigers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sariska Tiger Reserve in Rajasthan is likely to get three more tigers in the second phase of the translocation project. After the first phase of the tiger translocation project in the 866 sq km forest, two cubs were born.\"Of the three big cats to be introduced to Sariska, one of the tigress will come from Ranthambore and two more (one male and one female) will be relocated from outside the state \u2014 either Madhya Pradesh or Maharashtra. We are talking to both the states,\" said V S Singh, additional chief secretary, environment and forest, Rajasthan.In June 2008, a male tiger ST1 was brought to Sariska. In November 2010, ST1 was poisoned by villagers.The forest department then relocated a male tiger that had strayed into Bharatpur from the Ranthambore tiger reserve taking the total count of big cats to five \u2014 two males and three females.\"We identified the tigress that will be brought from Ranthambore. Currently, the tigress is with her cubs. Soon the cubs will become sub-adults and go their way. Then we plan to bring her to Sariska. The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has approved of it,\" said Singh.Officials of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) were informed at a meeting last month in Delhi. \"WII will conduct a study to see if the tigers are compatible before they are brought in,\" said A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.Some though said the move is a confused step. \"Initially, the forest department wanted to keep the Ranthambore breed of tigers pure. Why the sudden change in plans? Moreover, just two cubs may be too early to call the experiment a success,\" said a conservationist.Sariska also needs to made safe for tigers. Last month, a leopard was killed in Sariska. Little has been done to relocate villages or curb traffic on the roads that skirt the reserve, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16760184", "title": "Margao civic body to re-introduce biometric system", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) is determined to re-introduce the biometric attendance system for its employees. The council has placed an orders for the supply of the digital machine and it will be installed soon.The old biometric attendance machine which was purchased by the MMC at 1.4 lakh four years ago and was lying unused so far, has been rendered out of order, thereby necessitating the MMC to go in for a new machine.\"As the old machine is outdated, the parts that need to be replaced are no longer available. We have already placed a supply order for the machine costing 24,500. This has got advanced features like provision of real-time data and other such features,\" chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothvale said.The old biometric attendance recorder was purchased by the MMC in 2008 - when the South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, was the chief officer of the civic body - aimed at reducing absenteeism among the staff. However, stiff resistance from the MMC employees' union compelled the MMC bosses to put off the plans. The employees' union had staunchly opposed the implementation of the digital attendance on the grounds that most of the lower class employees, being illiterate and thus technologically challenged, would be unable to record their attendance properly.\"We have now addressed all issues raised by the employees, and I am sure they will cooperate with us,\" Kothwale said.The MMC is likely to implement the biometric attendance recorder system by next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760861", "title": "Now, answers to VAT queries", "text": "PUNE: Consumer organizations have joined hands to address flat owners' concern over paying the Maharashtra Value Added Tax (MVAT) to builders.City-based Sajag Nagarik Manch, the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat and the Grahak Hitwardhini have organised an awareness programme on October 14 to unite flat owners and address their issues. The two-hour programme will start at Bhave School near Perugate in Sadashiv Peth at 10 am.At a press conference on Tuesday, Sudhakar Velankar, founder president of Grahak Hitwardhini, said, \"The October 31 deadline set to pay VAT to the state government is nearing and so the builders have started putting pressure on flat owners to pay. Unfortunately, some builders are making irrational demands. This is happening because the state government is not explaining the actual process of VAT collection and calculation.\" The Sunday meeting has been called to form a strong and wide base of flat owners, educate them about VAT and exert pressure on the state government and the builders' lobby. Velankar said he is not opposed to collecting VAT from flat owners, but has objections to the way it was being collected.Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagarik Manch, said, \"As per our estimate, the state government will earn Rs 5,000 crore from the tax. But the government is ignoring the fact that some builders are charging any amount from flat owners. There are many flat owners who need not pay the VAT, but they too are being pressurized to pay up. During our meetings with housing societies, we realized that people are scared.\"Suryakant Pathak, president of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, said, \"A case against levy of VAT and its implementation has already been filed at the Bombay high court but the date for hearing has not been fixed.We are going to ask flat owners to demand tax-invoice from builders, which necessarily contains calculation of VAT and construction cost of the building. Once the invoice is available, a flat owner can calculate the tax payable by him and question the builder if he charges more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761216", "title": "Mental health infrastructure in Mumbai not adequate: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: One in five suicides occurs due to mental illnesses, but the basic health infrastructure such as beds for patients have not seen a proportional rise in the city, say experts.While only a fraction of the mentally ill needs hospitalization at any given time, the patient pool here is huge: one in 5 women and one in 10 men are depressed at some point in their lives. Serious mental illnesses like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder each affect 1% of the population. Said a doctor, \"There are rehabilitation clinics/homes that the wealthy can afford, but what about the majority of patients?\"Moreover, there is a bias against maintaining a full-fledged psychiatry ward in most private hospitals. Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla, who heads the department in Masina Hospital and consults in the government-run J J and G T hospitals, says the bias creeps in from the time of the hospitals' inception. \"Most hospitals boast of an out-patient department for psychiatry, but do not encourage in-patients,\" he adds. One reason could be the stringent criteria laid down for infrastructure meant for the mentally ill. \"There also is some degree of stigma attached to mental illness as far as the private hospitals are concerned,\" he adds.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty says the issue of mental health has been neglected by the government. \"The number of beds in all other specialties in general hospitals has gone up, except for psychiatry. The civic health posts are involved in house-to-house surveys for malaria and polio, but no work on suicide prevention has been initiated,\" he points out.However, not all agree. Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of the psychiatry department at civic-run KEM Hospital, said: \"There has not been an increase in the number of beds in the past 10 years, but the 90 beds that we have are enough.\"Dr Sanjay Kumawat, former medical superintendent at Thane Mental Hospital, said Maharashtra's four mental hospitals have 5,000-plus beds. \"The number of beds for mentally ill patients isn't bad in Mumbai,\" he added.However, a senior doctor said, \"It's the poor who don't have adequate facilities for counselling or hospitalization.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760536", "title": "Pay Rs 5 extra for milk from Sunday", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Milk will cost more from Sunday. Milma's director board on Wednesday announced an increase of Rs 5 a litre.Farmers would get Rs 4.60 each from the increased price, while agents would get 20p each. At present, Milma charges Rs 27 for a litre of double-toned milk; of this, the farmer gets Rs 23.Milma said the increase in the price of cattle feed necessitated the milk price hike.The cooperative has also increased the price of cattle feed by Rs 200 per 50 kg bag. The Kerala high court had in 2011 upheld Milma's right to decide the price of its products. Following the verdict, Milma increased the price of milk by Rs 5 a litre in September last year. An expert committee appointed by Milma to study milk pricing had suggested an annual price revision.Milma claimed that procurement of milk from the domestic market has nosedived following the hike in cattle feed's price. The domestic procurement, which almost touched 10 lakh litres a day in June-July this year, came down below 8.5 lakh litres a day this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759581", "title": "Cauvery water row: TN moves SC for contempt action against Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Karnataka stopped daily release of 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water, the Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday moved the Supreme Court accusing its neighbour of committing contempt of court.The Jayalalitha government's petition sought initiation of contempt proceedings against Karnataka chief minister Jagdish Shettar, its water resources minister and chief secretary for \"willful\" violation of the SC's September 28 order incorporating Cauvery River Authority's September 19 direction for release of 9,000 cusecs of water every day.Karnataka had stopped implementing the order of the CRA headed by the prime minister from Tuesday saying the low storage level of Krishna Raja Sagar dam did not permit it to release 9,000 cusecs of water without seriously compromising the interests of its farmers.The contempt petition was expected to be filed soon after Karnataka's counsel, senior advocate Fali S Nariman, on Monday told the Supreme Court that the state government had between September 12 and October 7 released 13,072 cusecs of water in excess of what it was required to do during the period.\"In view of the excess water released by Karnataka, we will not be able to release any more. It will not be physically possible,\" Nariman had said, adding that the state too was affected by a bad monsoon this year and its farmers, like those in Tamil Nadu, were facing shortage of water for agriculture.If Karnataka's decision to stop release of water was influenced by large-scale protests in the state, the contempt petition by Tamil Nadu was well-timed as the Cauvery Monitoring Authority, which oversees implementation of the CRA decision, is scheduled to meet on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760875", "title": "3 held for attack on college student", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three assailants - wanted in connection with the attack on college student Komal Kohli joined police investigation on Monday and have been arrested by the Chandigarh police.The police will file its report on the matter in the district courts in Sector 17, on Wednesday. Meanwhile, police have failed to recover the blunt weapon, which was used in the attack on Kohli. Accused Lakhbir Singh, Khushwinder and Sukhwinder Singh were arrested under the recently slapped charges of attempt to kidnap and criminal intimidation. SHO of the Sector 36 police station, inspector Bhupinder Singh, said the motive behind the attack is also yet to be established.The three youths in a white coloured car had attacked Komal at a bus stop in Sector 42 and had also allegedly tried to abduct her in full public view on September 19. Police faced a lot of criticism from various quarters when the three accused were released on bail hours after their arrest on the same day.Sub-inspector (SI) Jagdish Chander, the former inquiry officer in the case, has been suspended for his shoddy probe in the case. A case was registered at the Sector 36 police station. The charges of attempt to kidnap and criminal intimidation were slapped after recording the supplementary statement of Komal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760781", "title": "Sector 9 Central Club reopens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After three weeks of struggle, the gates of Central Club in Sector 9, were finally opened for its members on Wednesday.The club was opened at 12.30pm, but besides a few senior officials of the administration and Estate Office staff nobody else was present. Punjab and Haryana high court had ordered the administration to open the club in two days with a condition that the members promise to deposit the arrears in one month's time. The club was sealed by the administration on September 22.Sheel Chopra, one of the founder members of the club, said, \"The club has become an inseparable part of my life. I used to go there almost everyday. It was very tough to stay away from it when it was shut down.\"Another member Reva Gandhi, who feels strongly for the club, said, \"The club is my second home. I enjoy the company of its members.\"Club president Vinod Talwar said, \"The administration did not listen to us but we are thankful to the court for reopening the club. We plan to hold a general body meeting on October 14 to discuss the future course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760359", "title": "Dengue cases on rise", "text": "BHOPAL: Two more cases of dengue were reported here on Wednesday. So far this season, five people have tested positive for dengue fever. Most of the patients have been treated in private hospitals.\"We have received report of two patients who were diagnosed positive for dengue,\" said district malaria officer (DMO) Dr Padmakar Tripathi. Both the suspected cases are females, a 4-year-old girl from Indrapuri area and another teenager from Ashok Nagar. The condition of both the patients is said to be stable, a health official said.Meanwhile, many cases with patients having fever are being reported at the Hamidia and JP hospital. \"There is no outbreak. The situation is under control. However, we strongly suggest to seek medical assistance for anyone with symptoms of dengue,\" district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla said.The symptoms of dengue are mild to high fever, headache and muscle and joint pain. There is a drastic decrease in plasma and platelet in some patients. There are no specific antiviral medicines for dengue. It is important to maintain hydration, Shukla added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16761386", "title": "Kandhamal frowns on attackers of 'teachers'", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Kandhamal administration on Wednesday warned of stringent action against persons who assaulted the aspiring siksha sahayaks at Phulbani on Tuesday. Members of Kue Samaj Samanaya Samiti (KSSS), a tribal outfit, allegedly attacked the aspirants from districts other than Kandhamal, who had come to Phulbani to appear in the screening test for the post of sikhya sahayaks and verification of their certificates. The attackers allegedly tore the certificates of some candidates.District collector B S Punia said action would be taken against those involved in the incident. Two cases were registered against the attackers, including Lambodar Kanhar, the general secretary of the tribal outfit. The FIRs were lodged by two women candidates, one from Phulbani and other from Nayagarh district. No arrest has been made. \"The cases are under investigation,\" said inspector in-charge (town) police station S P Biswal.The KSSS has demanded that only candidates from Kandhamal district be appointed as siksha sahayaks. \"It is not only the demand of Kui Samaj, but of people of the district,\" Kanhar said. He said they had demanded that only people from Kandhamal be appointed for Class III and IV government posts in the district in 1994. \"Since the government has not fulfilled their demand, youths are upset and preventing outsiders from appearing in the screening test,\" he said. A senior officer said there is no bar on appointment of candidates from out side the district. \"It the a policy matter and we can do nothing about their demand,\" he added.The district collector has already appraised the government about the incident. \"The government will only decide to conduct fresh verification test,\" he said.The certificate verification tests were held at AJO High School, Government Primary Girls' High School and Project office of Sarva Shikhya Abhiyan (SSA) for the post of 753 primary teachers. While around 10,000 candidates have applied for the posts, the district administration called around 2,100 for certificate verification and almost all of them turned up, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16762883", "title": "A software to measure CO2 emissions at street levels", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a new software that can accurately measure greenhouse gas emissions down to individual buildings and streets.The system developed by US researchers could help identify the most effective places to cut emissions as it combines information from public databases with traffic simulations and energy consumption models, the BBC News reported.Scientists from the Arizona State University developed the new measuring system, called Hestia using data from a number of sources including air pollution reports, traffic counts and tax offices.It was then combined with a modelling system for quantifying CO2 emissions down to individual building level.Kevin Gurney, one of the leaders of the project told the BBC that said his team knows the system is working because it is consistent with exisiting information on emissions. \"We can go to any city in the US and do the quantification and we know it will be utterly consistent from city to city and consistent from city all the way up to national level,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16762093", "title": "Gulf returnees carve a future", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Around 60 carpenters, all Gulf returnees residing in and around the Palliakkandi-Nainamvalappu areas, have been nurturing a dream close to their heart for quite some time - to set up a wooden furniture factory for a permanent livelihood.But shortage of land and lack of financial support from the government have kept them so long from executing the project.These skilled carpenters, members of the Indo Arab Confederation Council, an organisation of Gulf returnees engaged in implementing various rehabilitation schemes in the district, are now planning to approach the government for support. The confederation has already conducted a workshop for the returnees to identify beneficiaries.Attakoya Pallikkandi, chairman of the council, said that there was skilled workforce from among the returnees good in manufacturing wooden furniture.\"The carpenters are not in a position to set up their own manufacturing unit owing to financial problems. We have decided to bring them together under the same umbrella to set up an industrial unit so that they will have a permanent income. The meeting of beneficiaries held last Sunday decided to take a bank loan to set up the factory which requires around Rs75 lakh as initial investment. The district industries office have responded positively for the project,'' he said. \"We will approach the district collector and government urging them to provide around 30 cents of its barren land to set up the factory,\" he said.The carpenters, who had returned home after staying for over a decade in Gulf countries, said that they were banking on government support for the scheme. M Shamsu, a returnee at Pallikkandi, said that the project would provide a permanent income for 60 families who have been finding difficult to make both ends meet. \"We have a skilled workforce. and all we need is land to set up the factory. We are planning to sell manufactured products to government institutions, schools and in the open market. In the long run, we are planning to export products as everyone is familiar with world standards,\" Shamsu said.The council, as part of rehabilitation project for returnees, is also planning to cultivate paddy on fice acres of government lease land at Vengeri Wholesale Agricultural Market next year.Kozhikode: Around sixty carpenters, all gulf returnees residing in and around the Pallikkandi-Nainamvalappu areas, have been nurturing a dream very close to their heart quite long time. They are dreaming to set up a wooden furniture factory to find a permanent livelihood. Their dream will be fulfilled only if the government allots land to set up the factory as they are not in a position to purchase land paying, hefty amount.The skilled carpenters, members of the Indo Arab Confederation Council , an organisation of Gulf returnees engaged in implementing various rehabilitation schemes to support them in the district, are planning to approach the government to materialise their dream. The confederation already conducted a workshop for gulf returnees to identify the beneficiaries.Attakoya Pallikkandi, chairman of the Indo Arab Confederation Council said that there is skilled workforce who are good in manufacturing the wooden furniture. The carpenters are not in a position to set up their own manufacturing unit owing to financial problems. We have decided to bring them together under the same umbrella to set up an industrial unit so that it will give them a permanent income. The meeting of the beneficiaries held last Sunday decided to take bank loan to set up the factory which need around Rs.75 lakh initial investment. The district industries office authorities have responded positively for the project,'' he said. We will approach the district collector and government urging them to provide around 30 cents of its barren land to set up the factory,'' he said.The carpenters, who had returned to their land after staying more than a decade in gulf countries said that they are hoping to get government support for the scheme. M Shamsu, a gulf returnee at Pallikkandi said that the project would provide a permanent income for sixty families who have been finding difficult to meet both ends. We have skilled workforce and all we need is land to set up the factory. We are planning to sell the manufactured products to government institutions, schools and in the open market. In the long run we are planning to export the products as everyone who worked in gulf countries as carpenters knew the standard need to be maintained to find a place in the world market,'' said Shamsu.The Indo Arab Confederation Council, as part of rehabilitation project for the gulf returnees is also planning to cultivate paddy in the government lease land at Vengeri Wholesale Agricultural Market. The council is planning to cultivate paddy on a five acres of lease land next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759515", "title": "Govt buys peace with fishers, but catch still costly", "text": "CHENNAI: Fish prices in the city will continue to remain high for a few more days as only half of the 3,000 boats from the Kasimedu fishing harbour returned to the seas on Wednesday after four days of a stir. Around 6,000 fishermen have been staying away from work, demanding a rollback of diesel prices.Fishermen said fisheries minister K A Jayapal had assured them that the government-provided subsidy of diesel would be increased from 1,500 litres to 3,000 litres a month. After the assurance it was decided by the striking fishermen to go back to the sea.V Balaji, a boat owner, said only half the number of boats ventured into the sea on Wednesday as there is a shortage of ice for storage of fish on boats. The ice factories here remained closed because of the strike.The stir has led to shortage of fish. Anjappar Group of restaurants director A Marudupandiyan said the prices have gone up by 10%. \"Some variety of fish which were being sold for 350 was sold at 500,\" he said.Sree Velu Military Hotel managing director Prem M said his restaurant is yet to increase the prices. \"We would be forced to revise our prices if fish becomes scarce in the days to come,\" he said.On Wednesday, kingfish, one of the most sought after varieties, cost 700 per kg , while white pomfret sold for 450 per kg. Black pomfret was priced at 350 a kg and prawns were sold at 300 to 450 a kg, depending on the size.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760885", "title": "Student portal to make paying fee easy", "text": "LUDHIANA: College students in the city won't have to wait in serpentine queues to deposit fee or go through the same admission formalities every year as UT administration is set to launch a student portal, which will also keep parents posted on the attendance and marks of their wards. SMS alerts can be received for attendance shortage and fee defaults.Secretary (IT) Prerna Puri said that under the project, all data of the colleges would be computerized including biometric-based attendance system. System would be consisting of online module for students, parents and staff besides having e-payment of fees and other online provisions. The system will have centralized e-modules for students, staff and parents.The software is being developed by Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) and is expected to be put in place in two months.It will begin with the \"student interface\" and other features like parents' module, alumni and student clubs will be added to it in phases.\"It is a part of the e-governance project of the department of higher education. The objective is to implement the Integrated College Management System in all colleges under Chandigarh administration. SPIC has already finalized details of this project and development work has started at full pace,\" said director of higher education Ajoy Sharma.Online application for admission by students, enrollment of students, allotment of the stream, courses, online prospectus fee through netbanking, merit list generation based on previous exam marks, online merit list on college website, allotment of time slot for admission to students according to merit list, Intimation to the student about their admission time slot via email and SMS, allocation of the stream, course, class, section and roll number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16762680", "title": "Interesting websites, nifty apps to help you work hard", "text": "A weekly roundup of interesting websites and nifty apps to help you work hard, play harderWhether it's an event that affected the whole world or a celebration of a personal milestone, Tiki-Toki helps you create a unique interactive timeline for the occasion. Choose a title, start and end dates, add an introduction, and you are ready to start mapping out a timeline. There are plenty of customization options: from the background colour to which font you want for your headers. The interface is easy to use and offers myriad options to enhance each event with content such as images, videos, write-ups and more. So if you want to create a multimedia presentation for your parents' next wedding anniversary, you know where to go. www.tiki-toki .comAsanaWhen you are part of a large team, it can be difficult to remember who is working on which project, or what individual targets are. Enter Asana , a simple web-based team management tool that will help you delegate and stay organized. Once you sign up, you can invite up to 30 people in the free account. To add more people, paid options are available. The first step is to name your team, and then create projects and add tasks in it. Then you can assign either the whole project or individual tasks to people in your group; set deadlines for them, and even remind them when the date gets closer. The site lets you manage the whole team by allowing you to use filters based on people, tags or projects - as well as providing a quick glance at your own tasks. www.asana.comLegacy LockerJust like you nominate your next of kin to receive your real-world possessions in case of your death, it makes sense to have some system by which they will get control of your virtual life too. After all, you don't want your Gmail account rotting away or someone unwanted gaining access to your Facebook. Legacy Locker is a great service for this. Sign up and you are asked to nominate two or more friends, who will act as verifiers for your death, among whom one will be a 'beneficiary' that gets the details of your accounts. Make sure you choose wisely here. The free account lets you add up to three of your web accounts and one legacy letter, while paid options let you add unlimited accounts, letters and beneficiaries. legacylocker.comDownloadsSettle UpIf you often forget to collect on your loans, or to pay back what you have borrowed, then let Settle Up help you manage your finances. First, create a group (' Office Colleagues' , for instance) and add people through your contacts. The 'New Payment' tab will let you create an account, with options for 'Who paid' , 'For who' , 'How much' , 'When' , and 'Purpose' , along with the choice to click a photo of the receipt. The tab will be automatically split. When someone pays what they owe, head to 'Settle Debts' and clear it. You can quickly check who still owes money with the 'Who should pay?' tab. And yes, the transactions can be easily shared via SMS, e-mail , Whatsapp, etc. iOS, Android , FreeMonster ShooterMonster Shooter is an action game played from a top-down view, with standard dual-stick controls: a movement pad in the bottom-left corner and a shooter pad in the bottom-right . At the start of each level, you can choose between manual and automatic aiming. You play as the monster-hating protagonist DumDum. Your objective: to eliminate the waves of incoming creatures in each level, smartly switching between your wide arsenal, which can be expanded at any time by spending the cash that dead enemies leave behind. Apart from fine hand-drawn 2D graphics, Monster Shooter features great sound effects for an immersive experience. iOS, Android, FreeFotorPhoto capture and editing apps are a dime a dozen. But Fotor is different enough to stand out from the pack with its ease of use. All the options you get are laid out neatly at the bottom of the app, making them very accessible. There are no hidden menus and no need to dig around for various settings. During photo capture, you have options to adjust various settings like exposure, zoom, timer and burst mode etc. But the app's real strength lies in photo-editing . You can crop pictures, apply various effects, put frames, shoot HDR and even fine-tune aperture effects to isolate the subject and blur the background. All in all, Fotor is a fine go-to tool for all your camera needs. iOS, $2.99, Android, Free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16760744", "title": "Police stumble on child trafficking ring in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida police have stumbled across what could be an organized trafficking ring pushing children from Jharkhand into criminal activities. Cops said that they have been able to take into custody six children who were made to steal valuables from crowded and upscale areas around Sector 18.A senior police officer said that they got suspicious when they found that all the children were from the same village in Jharkhand. The first boy was taken into custody on December 7, 2011 from Sector 27 market. Police added that he was caught trying to steal a purse. His parents were later contacted and he was handed over to his mother. On December 18, 2011, another boy was caught trying to steal a mobile phone from Sector 18 market. Cops said that he was a runaway from a shelter home and even he was handed over to his parents.The next case involved a boy who was caught stealing from a mobile shop in Sector 18 on December 31, 2011. Another case was reported from Sector 24 where a boy was caught stealing from a locked car on January 14, 2012. On October 5, another boy was arrested from Sector 12-22 area for stealing a mobile phone, said the police.The most recent incident occurred last Sunday where the child made an attempt to steal a mobile phone from Sector 18 market. \"As the nature of crime committed by these children is similar, we are investigating the possibility of an organized racket originating from Maharajpur village in Jharkhand that operates in Noida,\" said the police.Moreover, the police have discovered evidence in the form of phone records linking each of the children's parents dating back to a year. \"The parent of the child caught last was interrogated. We found that numbers of all the children's numbers who were taken into custody earlier were on this phone,\" said a senior police officer. He added that they suspect an individual or a group from the village that brings children to Noida by baiting them with tales of wealth and then exploits them to steal.Jharkhand, a decade old state, is grappling with numerous problems and human trafficking of its women and children tops the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762195", "title": "Varanasi company opens oil refinery in West Bengal", "text": "VARANASI: The West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated a Rs 165 crore edible oil refinery plant of JVL Agro Industries Ltd, a Varanasi based enterprise, at Haldia on Tuesday.According to JVL spokesperson, the chief minister promised to extend full support to industries in West Bengal. JVL Agro Industries Ltd is known for its Jhoola brand of refined edible oils and mustard oils.The Haldia plant, equipped with the latest technology, has a production capacity of 1200 metric tons per day and would help JVL expand its reach in eastern India and generate direct and indirect employment for more than 1000 people. The expected annual turnover of this plant is around Rs 1500 crore.D N Jhunjhunwala, chairman, JVL Agro Industries, said the company hopes to garner a larger share of the edible oil market in eastern India.The company is equipped to manufacture a complete range of vegetable oils and currently has a network of over 1,00,000 retail outlets spread over 17 states, he informed. JVL is also one of the largest crude edible oil importers in northern and central India, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760510", "title": "Positive attitude key to good mental health", "text": "LUCKNOW: The pressures of a fast life on human mind has changed the way people look at happiness, growth, relationships and value thereby making people vulnerable to poor mental health.It is known that exposure to violence and abuse can cause serious mental health problems, including depression , anxiety, psychosomatic complaints, and substance use disorders.Violation of economic, political and social rights, exclusion from income-generating opportunities and education all detrimentally impact one's mental health.These facts came to fore at a day-long conference on positivism organised by the Institute of Behavioral and Allied Sciences, Amity University on the occasion of World Mental Health Day on Wednesday. Experts present on the occasion said that a positive attitude was the key to good mental health, said Manini Srivastava, who organized the conference.\"The value of practicing positivism is essential to attain a full meaning of life that includes health, dignity &amp; creativity,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16762111", "title": "Deputy mayor's continuation: Opposition to file contempt of court", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The opposition in the corporation is planning to approach the Kerala high court again to file a contempt of court case against the ruling faction for not allowing discussion on a resolution on the continuation of deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef in the post. The special council meeting convened for the purpose was held on Saturday last.The opposition held the council meeting on the basis of a direction given by the high court after they filed a petition seeking a discussion on the matter.The opposition demanded the resignation of deputy mayor against whom a case is pending before the vigilance court.Opposition deputy leader K Muhammed Ali said the opposition has decided to approach HC because the special council meeting chaired by social welfare standing committee chairman M Radhakrishnan dispersed the meeting without discussing the resolution.\"The meeting was dispersed after 37 ruling councillors voted against it when the topic was put for vote in the council. We have taken video and photographs of the entire council proceedings which will also be submitted in the HC. A petition will be filed within two days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760467", "title": "Nearly 3,000 Indore aspirants to appear for CAT", "text": "INDORE: Nearly double the number of candidate who appeared for CAT (Common admission test) last year will attempt the test from the city this year. CAT is scheduled to start from Thursday. The national-level management entrance examination organized by Indian Institute of Management (IIM) for giving admission into its 13 branches along with 150 B-schools accepting the score will be held till November 6.According to sources, nearly 3,000 students have registered from the city. Almost 1,600 candidates had appeared last year. In 2011, there were two designated centres in the city but it has been reduced to one this year. Acropolis Institute of Technology is the only designated centre in the city.According to examination conducting body Prometric, there is an overall rise of 5% in candidates registering for the examination this year. This year, nearly 2.15 lakh aspirants will sit for the test, which was 2.05 lakh last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759371", "title": "Now, Kejriwal accuses Khurshid of scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Robert Vadra, it now seems to be the turn of his vociferous defender \u2014 Union law minister Salman Khurshid \u2014 to be in activist Arvind Kejriwal's crosshairs.Kejriwal on Wednesday demanded Khurshid's resignation following allegations of financial irregularities to the tune of Rs 71 lakh by a trust run for the welfare of the physically challenged. A TV channel had alleged that Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, headed by Khurshid and managed by his wife Louise Khurshid, had embezzled Rs 71 lakh of government funds meant for the disabled by forging signatures of officials.Louise denied any wrongdoing, dismissing the report as false and malicious. In a statement, she described as baseless the charge that signatures and stamp of certain officials were forged.However, Kejriwal has already upped the ante, announcing a gherao of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's residence on Friday accompanied by disabled persons to press home his demand for the minister's resignation and his wife's arrest. India Against Corruption (IAC) activists have asked Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav to ensure that a FIR is lodged and investigation conducted in the reported scam.In a statement, IAC said delay in lodging an FIR would lead to suspicion that Samajwadi Party and UPA were \"hand-in-glove'' with each other.The TV channel alleged that that the Union ministry for social welfare and empowerment had granted Rs 71.50 lakh to the trust to distribute tricycles and hearing aids to the disabled in 17 districts of UP. As per rules, the trust should have informed the district magistrate before distributing the help among the disabled. Under rules, the list of beneficiaries is to be drawn up by the district welfare officer and the help distributed in the presence of government officials.However, the trust, the report alleged, distributed the equipment by forging signatures of district welfare officers, and the camps were never held. The TV report also said the government may have known about this \"scam\" but no inquiry was sought. The ministry had asked the UP government to probe the activities of the trust.The irregularities came to light after the UP government asked the district magistrates and welfare officers of those 17 districts to submit a report in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759580", "title": "Dolls of characters from fables a hit this Navratri", "text": "CHENNAI: A triumphant smile lights up three-year-old Sandhya's face as the miniature tortoise trudges to the finish line while the hare sleeps beneath a tree. She points to the figurine of a crow atop a jug filled with stones and asks the doll vendor to tell its story above the din on bustling Mada Street in Mylapore.Ahead of Navratri next week, many doll makers are trying to strike a chord with children by making figurines of characters from fables.\"Every season we have dolls based on different themes. This time clients are seeking simple animal figurines that tell a story. These dolls are popular as they are cheap,\" said A Sekhar of Balaji Art Works in Puducherry, which supplies dolls to showrooms in Chennai.\"Some clients who approached sought animal figurines and dolls that will help tell a story to children in an engaging way,\" he said.According to Sekhar, orders for elaborate and ornate dolls are coming in from NRIs in countries like the US, Singapore and Malaysia.In Chennai, an assortment of dolls made of clay, terracotta and papier mache are slowly becoming ubiquitous.On North Mada Street in Mylapore, idols of gods and goddesses jostle for space with figurines of the Indian cricket team, animal figurines and traditional bobblehead dolls.\"I have been selling dolls here for the last 15 years,\" said Sathya, arranging an array of dolls on the pavement. The figurines are usually sourced from Vriddhachalam, Cuddalore, Panruti, Krishnagiri and Kancheepuram.On the kind of dolls popular with customers, Sathya said most people wanted \"light and colourful\" dolls. \"Animal figurines, in particular, are becoming quite a hit. Many of us have dolls set in an environment that is familiar to us through tales told us by our 'paatis',\" he said.A Kala, manager of Poompuhar showroom, said theme-based dolls were selling like hot-cakes. In many homes, 'kolu-padis' are being set up and residents are shopping for more to add to their collection.\"Navratri is one festival the entire family looks forward to, especially children as they feel important setting up the dolls. Last year, we set up the kolu-padi based on the theme Krishna-Leela. This year we will come up with another exciting theme,\" said V Suhasini of Mogappair West.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16762739", "title": "To travel beyond solar system, follow dead stars", "text": "LONDON: Scientists are investigating the feasibility of using Xrays from dead stars to allow spacecraft to navigate autonomously in the outer solar system and beyond.Scientists funded by the European Space Agency ( ESA ) are looking at dead stars to enable humanity to navigate far beyond the outer reaches of our Solar System. Spacecraft navigation currently relies on radio transmissions between a distant craft and a network of ground-stations on Earth.This means that the craft has to wait for an instruction from Earth to guide it through space and with the large distances involved this could take hours, days or even longer.This time delay affects a spacecraft's ability to react rapidly according to its location. Furthermore, the ground infrastructure is increasingly difficult and expensive to maintain due to the size of the radio antennas.Scientists at the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) and and the University of Leicester are exploring the use of X-rays from dead stars, called pulsars, to allow spacecraft to navigate autonomously.Pulsars are highly compact and rapidly rotating neutron stars that emit intense electromagnetic radiation observed as pulses, similar to the rotating beam of light seen from a light house. In some cases these pulses can be highly regular, making them suitable sources for navigation using a technique similar to Global Positioning System (GPS).The traditional form of ground-based space navigation can only support a limited number of spacecraft as only one set of measurements can be processed at any one time.If feasible, this new technique could allow a greater number of complex space missions to take place simultaneously in deep space as craft become capable of navigating themselves.Enough water vapour in 'star cloud' to fill 2,000 oceans on EarthScientists have discovered enough water vapour to fill Earth's oceans more than 2,000 times over, in a gas and dust cloud that is on the verge of collapsing into a new Sun-like star. The new Herschel space observatory of European Space Agency found that a cold pre-stellar core in the constellation of Taurus known as Lynds 1544 are the first detection of water vapour in a molecular cloud. More than 2,000 Earth oceans-worth of water vapour were detected, liberated from icy dust grains by cosmic rays passing through the cloud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762431", "title": "CBI wants Jagan to represent all accused firms", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has said that it wants Jaganmohan Reddy to represent all the firms named as accused entities in the disproportionate assets case involving the Kadapa MP viz. Bharati Cements/Raghuram Cements, Silicon Builders, Carmel Asia and Jagathi Publications.Opposing petitions filed by various individuals telling court that they wanted to represent these companies, the CBI filed counters saying that it is Jagan who is the main promoter of these firms as well as the main beneficiary of the irregularities. In cases where fraud has been perpetrated by business firms, the courts should pierce the corporate veil to reach the person behind the veil, CBI DIG and chief investigating officer in the Jagan assets case, H Venkatesh, said in the counter. Further, CBI stated that courts had already ruled in several cases that when a company is found guilty of wrongdoing, the de facto in-charge of that company should be prosecuted.Explaining the case of Bharati/Raghuram Cements, Venkatesh said that several beneficiaries like Nimmagadda Prasad, India Cements and Dalmia Cements, who got undue benefits under the YSR regime, had paid bribes to Jagan in the form of investments made in Raghuram cements after Jagan entered the board of the company as one of its directors, in December 2006. The funds sent by two Mauritius-based companies were diverted by Prasad to Raghuram cements in utter violation of the foreign direct investment policy, Venkatesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760443", "title": "MP chastity lock victim, still a victim of official apathy", "text": "INDORE: The woman, who was put under chastity lock by her husband, has not been provided with the compensation promised by the state government and district administration- three months after the incident shamed the city.The woman under immense mental trauma is unable to meet her end due to lack of support, resources or employment.It is learnt that the authorities are yet to comply with the recommendations of the National Women Commission (NCW) which had asked the district administration to handover a compensation of at least Rs 40,000 to the woman. NCW member Dr Charuwali Khanna was even reportedly told by the woman and child welfare official, Vishal Nadkarni that the administration had decided to provide her an assistance of Rs 40,000. But, till date, the victim has received only Rs 10,000 through a back-dated cheque given the department on the eve of NCW team's visit to meet the victim.A small garage which was earlier managed by her husband was demolished in the anti-encroachment drive held recently. The garage was earlier run by her husband, who is lodged in jail presently.The victim told TOI, \"Many persons including wife of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan visited my place. Member of national and state women commission also assured to provide financial help, but nothing has happened yet. Even media persons keep coming to me continuously asking about the relief money. But it has in no way helped me. I have received only Rs 10,000 so far.\"\"It was rumoured that I received Rs 5 lakh compensation. Sanyogitaganj police claimed that the administration had given me Rs 40,000. But when I went to meet the bank officials, they said that all the compensation money will come through cheque and there was no money in my account,\" she said, adding, \"When I went to meet the collector Akash Tripathi, he said that administration had already done its bit.Contrary to the statement before NWC member, Vishal Nadkarni said, \"We have given Rs 10,000 to her and had given Rs 20,000 as FD for her daughters.\"When contacted, Indore district collector Akash Tripathi said, \"We do not believe that monetary support will help her much. We have already provided her other help like medical facilities and others. Their daughters are being taken care of at a hostel in Rau. Giving Rs 10,000 to the victim was the decision of the district administration. The suggestion of NCW to give Rs 40,000 came later.\"When he was informed about the demolition of her husband's garage, he assured that the administration will do something in this regard.The incident came to fore on July 17 when the woman consumed poison and came to MY Hospital for treatment. Doctors then noticed that her genitals were locked. The entire administration was shocked to learn about the incident. Her husband Sohanlal had allegedly pierced her genitals with a lock in a bid to prevent her from getting into physical relations with anyone else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760490", "title": "Maya flip-flop supports SP chief's party plan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) president Mayawati's decision on Wednesday that her party would decide whether or not to withdraw support to the Congress-led UPA at the Centre at a later date has come as a blessing in disguise for the Samajwadi Party (SP).The SP leadership had earlier planned an informal meeting of top leaders in Lucknow on Wednesday evening. The meeting was planned to discuss the situation in case the BSP announced withdrawal of support to the UPA. Now that the BSP has put its decision on hold at least for the time being, the SP has deferred its meeting indefinitely. Instead, the SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav left for Mumbai to attend the grand party thrown by their party MP Jaya Bachchan on the eve of her superstar husband Amitabh Bachchan's birthday on October 11.The UPA had landed in a precarious situation ever since all the 19 MPs of the Trinamool Congress withdrew their support to the Congress-led coalition on September 25, 2012, leaving the union government in a minority. The SP and BSP brought relief for the UPA post TMC backing out when they declared they would continue to support the coalition from outside for the time being. Both parties announced they would take the final call on the issue at the meetings of their party's respective parliamentary boards.The much awaited meeting of the BSP's parliamentary board took place in Lucknow on Wednesday but ended in an anti-climax when BSP president Mayawati announced that final call on the issue will be at an appropriate time later. For SP, Mayawati's stance came on expected lines. \"What else can one expect from BSP? It is an open secret that the BSP would maintain a status-quo,\" said senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav on Wednesday. Interestingly, the SP has avoided announcing the schedule for the meeting of its parliamentary board, ever since the UPA crises came into being.In the SP, while Mulayam Singh Yadav is keen on an early Lok Sabha election to take advantage of the wave in Uttar Pradesh in its favour, Mayawati is not keen to face elections either, at least in the near future. The general elections are scheduled for 2014 if the UPA survives its full term.The UPA needs support of all parties to stay in power as most of those supporting it from outside are unlikely to rock the boat if they feel that the government can survive without their help. Mulayam, keen to consolidate his hold in Uttar Pradesh, has also hinted at reviving the Third Front with the help of regional parties and the Left. Mulayam, who had earlier said he was with the UPA government to \"keep the non-secular forces away\", maintains that his party is ready for elections whenever they take place.The UPA, meanwhile, has promised the Akhilesh Yadav government funding to the tune of Rs 45,000 crore for development of Uttar Pradesh. So, if the SP feels the government won't last till 2014, they might withdraw support from the scam-tainted government earlier. The UPA along with the NDA were warned by the SP earlier this month that they would not be able to form the next government at the Centre without the support of smaller parties which are not part of their alliances. Making a pitch for a non-UPA, non-NDA Third Front, Mulayam urged his party workers to get ready for a larger role at the national level.Earlier, Mayawati while addressing a rally in Lucknow, had said her party was ready for early elections. She had also softened her stand on the FDI issue. Sources within the party said Mayawati will avoid toppling the Centre's applecart because a snap poll will only end up benefiting her rival, the SP. A day after hinting at early polls, Mayawati deferred the decision on the party's support to the UPA.The UPA currently has 254 MPs. Others like the AIMIM and Bodoland People's Front have 10 MPs. There are four independents. Providing outside support to the UPA are the BSP, the Samajwadi Party, RJD and JDS with a total of 50 MPs. Sitting in the Opposition are 151 NDA MPs. The Left Front has 24 MPs, while TMC, BJD, ADMK and TDP together have 48 MPs. Others, including the independents are 15 which includes 2 MPs from the JVM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760051", "title": "More time to file pesticide report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday granted more time to an experts' committee to submit a report suggesting guidelines to prevent rampant use of banned pesticides in vegetables and fruits.A division bench of Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi was told by counsel Meera Bhatia, appearing for the central government, that the draft report was ready and was with the panel head for consideration. Bhatia said the report would be filed in the court on November 2, the next date of hearing.The court on August 17 sought a report from the committee for framing a policy for periodic checks to detect pesticide residue in vegetables that pose health hazards. The court directed the government to constitute the committee after it took suo motu cognizance of a media report alleging use of banned pesticides.The seven-member committee includes Sandhya Kulshrestha, secretary, central insecticide board and registration committee, and Sarita Bhalla, joint director of the agriculture ministry, as the committee's chairperson.Other members are Dhir Singh, director of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India, N K Sharma, principal scientist in the agriculture ministry, S M Bhardwaj, food analyst at Delhi's department of food safety, Vipin Bhatnagar, joint director at plant protection quarantine and storage, and senior advocate V K Rao.NGO Consumer Voice's report found that 35 varieties of vegetables and fruits, picked from Delhi markets and tested for pesticide content, had toxins beyond the permissible limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762377", "title": "4 more held for homestay attack", "text": "MANGALORE: With Mangalore city police arresting four more in the July 28 homestay attack on a group of young birthday party revellers, the number of arrests in this case has gone up to 28.The arrested are: Ganesh, 22, of Veeranagara, Kiran, 35, from Kasargod, Deekshit, 25, of Jalligudde, Bajal and Shreyas alias Sachu, 19, from Alape.The arrests took place after the III JMFC court issued arrest warrants against them. They have been remanded to judicial custody for two weeks.The accused arrested earlier are: Sharath, Tharanath Kannur, Rajesh, Chethan, Sunil, Harish, Shailesh, Puneeth, Varun Poojary, Kiran Poojary, Suresh Poojary, Mithun Poojary, Sampath, Deepak, Ramesh Kotiyan, Jagadish, Nithin, Dinesh, Sandeep Shetty, Venugopal, Tharanath, Sampath Poojary, Suresh Poojary and Deepak.The incident was reminiscent of the attack by Sri Rama Sene activists on revellers at a pub in the city on January 24, 2009.On July 28, around 40 ruffians took it on themselves to lay down the law to a group of revellers at Morning Mist Resort at Padil on the city outskirts here. The hoodlums, who got wind of the party at the private property barged in and started physically jostling the revellers - men and women. A girl who tried to escape from their clutches was brought back to the resort and thrashed.ARREST WARRANTS AGAINST REPORTERSThe third JMFC court here issued arrest warrants against two electronic media personnel for their alleged collusion in the attack. City police chief Manish Kharbikar told TOI that arrest warrants have been issued against Naveen Soorinje, reporter of a private Kannada news channel and Sharan Raj, reporter of a local cable TV news channel.\"We will take steps to execute these warrants,\" he said.The court has directed that the remaining 16 accused too be arrested, Manish said, adding that the chargesheet filed before the court had named 44 persons, out of which 28 have been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760361", "title": "Two bookies held from Gwalior", "text": "BHOPAL: As many as 303 cell phones were confiscated from two cricket bookies during a raid at Gwalior district on Wednesday night. The accused Manish Sharma and his brother Banti Sharma were arrested from their residence at Apna Ghar colony area.A sum of Rs 2.3 lakh in cash and an LED TV was also seized during the raid, Gwalior superintendent of police (SP) G K Pathak told TOI. Accused bought this plush bungalow worth Rs 1 cr in April 2011, with the money he earned through booking activities, he said adding their father runs a small lassi shop at Gwalior railway station.A case under different sections of Gambling Act has been registered against the accused. Hunt is on for many others involved, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16760080", "title": "Thieves steal Rs 65,000 from tourist's bike", "text": "Calangute: Unknown persons on Tuesday robbed Rs 65,000 in cash from the boot of a Delhi tourist near the Aguada fort. According to a complaint lodged with the Calangute police station by Pritam Jagan Singh, he had parked a scooter near the fort and gone sightseeing. On his return to the scooter, he noticed that somebody had opened the storage compartment of the scooter and decamped with three plastic bags containing Rs 65,000 cash, debit, epic and insurance cards, camera, mobiles and other valuables. An offence has been registered under section 379 IPC, and police are conducting further inquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759679", "title": "Kejriwal targets Haryana govt on transfer of hospital plot to DLF", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday ripped apart the Haryana government's defence, putting out a fresh set of documents that implied that the state government facilitated the transfer of land meant for a hospital to real estate firm DLF.Rebutting the allegations, Haryana government had on Tuesday said that the land was released to East India Hotels Ltd more than 16 years ago and permission was granted to it to sell the land to DLF \"after following due process of law\". The state government admitted that it had received a representation from East India Hotels Ltd and DLF that the former had not been able to utilize the land for which it had applied for and had sought change of land use. The permission was given after the issue was examined by the law department.Kejriwal alleged that the sale of 30 acres in Gurgaon meant for building a hospital to the realty major for developing an SEZ raised questions as Robert Vadra later bought a stake in the company. The activist pointed out that the Congress-led state government released the plot in 1996 to East India Hotels on the strict condition that it build a 300-bed hospital there.The notification said that while 11.25 acres should be sufficient for a hospital, the accompanying green belt would have to be maintained by the allottee. However, despite the fact that no hospital was built on the land till 2005, the state government did not take action against the company nor did it take the land back, Kejriwal said.\"This raises a suspicion on Haryana government as even though the company did not build the hospital for such a long period, neither was any action taken against the company nor was the land taken back by the government,\" he said.On the other hand, the statement alleged, East India Hotels sold the land to DLF and the government permitted this transaction even when there was a clear change in use of land.The activist also rebutted the state government's clarification on increasing FAR in the Gurgaon-Manesar complex plan 2031 as compared to 2025 to benefit DLF Phase V. The government had claimed that the density of the two master plans was the same and only the unit had been changed from per acre to per hectare.According to the activist, population density was increased from 250 to 625 persons per hectare in the 2031 plan which translated into a substantial increase in FAR.\"The government has made an attempt to divert form the main issue. The point in focus is that the special pocket carved out in Gurgaon, which is allowed to have a density of 2.5 times the Gurgaon average, has its boundary same as the boundary of DLF Phase V. The same phase has the DLF projects of Magnolia and Aralias where Robert Vadra has many properties in his companies' name. Is it then not clear that the increased density in the Gurgaon master plan is one of quid pro quo for DLF which has been selling property at throwaway prices to Vadra in the same area,'' Kejriwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759469", "title": "'Criminal' auto, taxi drivers common on Mumbai roads, commuters say", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just refusals, meter tampering or use of fake tariff cards by auto and taxi drivers that commuters are complaining about. Use of violence to resolve disputes with passengers, attacking RTO officials and incidents of drivers being booked for molestation, mugging and thefts is an indicator of the drivers' growing criminalisation, commuters and activists say.Navi Mumbai resident Charu Satam said, \"Several drivers are known to be high-handed. I know of an instance where a driver assaulted passengers who refused to pay the fare demanded by him. They also use abusive language and show no respect for women passengers.\"RTO sources said there have been several incidents of violence involving drivers, some of whom even have criminal records. In the past few years, RTO officials themselves have been attacked by a cartel of drivers in Bandra East. This cartel, known for fleecing, as well as refusing passengers outside the station, was losing business because of the new share-auto service.A Borivli couple recalls with horror how a driver walked up to their flat to demand excess fare (on a tampered meter). \"It was almost like catching my collar and asking me for the money,\" said the resident, who did not wish to be named. Another driver threatened a woman passenger in Malad some weeks back for not paying the excess fare he demanded. \"When I argued over the fare and refused to pay him the excess amount, the driver threatened that he knew my residence now and could make my life difficult,\" she said.Activist G R Vora said there should be a watch on notorious drivers, many of whom are part of cartels. \"There should be a background check on every driver, especially those plying on night shifts. If there is any criminal record, there should beA police NOC should be mandatory before drivers are allowed to ply autos or taxis,\" he said. A senior RTO official said the department was now making ID cards with photographs and addresses compulsory for all drivers. \"The unscrupulous elements are usually those who ply autos and taxis illegally and have no badges. With compulsory ID cards, we hope the rogues are thrown out of the trade,\" he said.Auto unions claimed some drivers, not from any unions, are known for extorting money and harassing drivers with permits. The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union said it has received several complaints against such drivers who are known for abusing, assaulting and extorting money from fellow drivers.\"We lodge complaints at police stations, and in some cases, drivers have also been booked for criminal charges,'' a senior union member said.In the recent past, Bonani Gupta Karmakar, a Dindoshi resident who works in a very senior position in a city firm, was taken to a deserted lane (service road) next to Western Express highway where the driver threatened her to pay the excess fare. When she refused and got down to raise an alarm, the driver fled from the area. In another instance, a woman passenger in Aarey Colony was threatened by a driver when she complained about the meter being rigged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759874", "title": "Govt won\u2019t interfere in building of martyrs\u2019 memorial inside Golden Temple: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Treading cautiously over the sensitive issue of construction of a memorial inside the Golden Temple for the 'martyrs' of the Operation Blue Star, the Centre on Wednesday said it would not like to interfere in the matter and respect the rights of the Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) bestowed by the Constitution.Stating that the government was fully aware about the construction of the memorial in Amritsar by the committee that runs prominent Sikh shrines, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said, \"There are certain things which certain organizations do. They enjoy certain rights and we do not want to impinge on them\".Responding to a question on the central government's stand on the memorial, Shinde said that due to terrorism, India has suffered a lot - both economically and loss of human lives \u2014 and therefore \"one has to introspect\".\"Whatever rights they (organizations like SGPC) have, they can do it. But they should understand that the country has suffered for many years. That is why, I have said people should introspect,\" he said.Asked whether the Centre has no objection to the construction of the memorial, the home minister said, \"It is not a question of objection or no objection. It is a matter of rights given to the organizations by the Constitution\".\"I have never said that it was right to construct the memorial. But it should be left to them. It is their institution and we cannot interfere unless somebody takes objection in a court...,\" he said.Asked about the reports which suggested that there were attempts to revive militancy in Punjab, Shinde said the government has information about \"some activities\" in Punjab and some foreign countries.\"Not only in Punjab but in some foreign countries also there are activities by Sikh militants. But it cannot be said so (revival). Some instances are there,\" he said.Commenting on the attack on Lt General (retd) K S Brar, who had led the Operation Blue Star to flush out militants from the Golden temple, in London, Shinde said the Army officer had gone there on a private visit. \"He is under the cover of military and our information is that police were not informed (about his London visit),\" he said.Asked whether the security of Brar has been enhanced after the assassination attempt, Shinde said, \"It is the obligatory duty of the police and the government to do a review from time to time, month by month and give protection\".On recent attempts of infiltration, Shinde, who will visit Jammu &amp; Srinagar on October 13, said, \"We have information about infiltration and we also have information about cooperation between those who attempt infiltration in Punjab and those who attempt in J&amp;K.;\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759457", "title": "Longer distance auto fares to gallop", "text": "MUMBAI: The hike in auto fares from Thursday contravenes the basic consumer-sales principle that you spend less as you buy more. The fares, in fact, will rise exponentially as you travel longer distance.So, if the base hike for auto is Rs 3 for the first 1.5km, it is actually Rs 5 for the first 2km, Rs 8 for the first 3km, a whopping Rs 10 for 4km and so on. For a distance of 10km, say from Vikhroli to Mulund, the fare hike is Rs 28 (from Rs 71 to Rs 99). This will certainly burn a hole in your pocket. In case of taxis, the fare will rise by Rs 18 for 10km (from Rs 105 to Rs 123).Consumer activists have demanded telescopic fare structures; this means you pay less as you travel longer distances. But in reality, you will end up paying huge fares for distances.\"The transport department has been saying the fare hike is Rs 3 for autos, but it is much more. Several travel a distance between 2km and 4km. They will end up paying a huge fare difference from Thursday. This is other than the excess fare for tampered mechanical meters,\" said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat.Transport commissioner V N More had appealed through TOI on Tuesday that all auto and taxi drivers should switch to e-meters in the next 45 days if they have problems getting existing mechanical meters recalibrated. \"Recalibration is a must and the deadline is November 25. From November 26, our officials will crack a whip on drivers who fail to comply.\"He has issued a stern warning on fake tariff cards, saying that police complaints will be registered against errant drivers from Thursday. They will be charged under Section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.Commuter rights activist Sunil Mone suggested that holograms or barcodes should be introduced to distinguish an orginal card from a fake. More, though, said citizens need not depend on cards available with drivers. \"Commuters should visit our site mahatranscom.in and download tariff cards for CNG autos and taxis and petrol autos for Kalyan-Bhiwandi.\"He said petrol fare for autos in Bhiwandi and Kalyan was equivalent to CNG-run taxi fares in Mumbai. Minimum petrol fare for autos will rise by Rs 4 - Rs 19 base fare and Rs 12.48 for every additional km in Kalyan. \"In comparison, CNG taxis are environment-friendly, cheaper, comfortable and ply faster than autos. You can see the advantages of switching to CNG in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai.\"Auto union leader Shashank Rao said the main problem would be black marketeering of new e-meter chips. \"Though the RTO has fixed the recalibration rate at Rs 350-Rs 400, dealers will sell the chips illegally for Rs 2,000. If we don't pay, they will not expedite the recalibration.\" Taxi union leader A L Quadros said there is a shortage of chips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759670", "title": "India, Russia line up mega defence deals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov's delivery being further delayed to end-2013, and India chaffing at Russia's proclivity to jack up costs and overshoot deadlines, the two countries have set the stage for another flurry of bilateral defence projects over the next few months.This came through after the 12th Indo-Russian inter-governmental commission on military technical cooperation (IRIGC-MTC), chaired by defence minister A K Antony and his Russian counterpart Anatoly Serdyukov on Wednesday.\"Russia is our time-tested and reliable friend,\" said Antony, who side-stepped questions on whether New Delhi would impose penalty or liquidity damages on Moscow for the continuing delay in INS Vikramaditya, the refurbished 44,570-tonne Gorshkov for which India has paid $2.33 billion.The new contracts in pipeline, some of which may be inked during President Vladimir Putin's visit here next month, will again reassert Russia's position as India's largest arms supplier by far despite countries like the US, Israel and France also making deep inroads into the lucrative Indian market. India will spend close to $50 billion on them over the next two decades.The contracts range from an additional 42 new Sukhoi-30MKIs to add to the 230 of them already contracted, at an overall cost upwards of $12 billion, as well as another 71 Mi-17 V5 helicopters after the initial induction of 80 of these armed helicopters for $1.34 billion.Then, apart from the project to develop a \"new-generation\" hypersonic BrahMos cruise missile after the supersonic version being inducted in the Indian armed forces, India and Russia are poised to seal the full final design/R&D; phase contract for development of the stealth fifth-generation fighter aircraft.The R&D; contract is pegged at $11 billion, with the two countries chipping in with $5.5 billion each. Each of this 5th Gen fighter - India hopes to induct 200 to 250 of them from 2022 onwards - will cost at least $100 million over that.In the near term, the delay in Vikramaditya's delivery was taken up during the meet. \"I myself raised our serious concerns over the delay,\" said Antony, calling for \"a wartime effort\" by Russia to ensure the carrier's delivery at the earliest.Serdyukov said, \"The ship encountered a big malfunction with the main power plant and boiler...I hope its sea trials will resume next April...the transfer will take place in the fourth quarter of 2013.\"India is spending another $2 billion to induct 45 Russian MiG-29K naval fighters to operate from the decks of Vikramaditya and the indigenous aircraft carrier, which too has been delayed at the Cochin Shipyard till at least 2018.The cost for Vikramaditya's refit escalated to $2.33 billion from the original $974 million earmarked in the January 2004 contract under which the carrier was to be delivered by August, 2008. The fresh contract for Vikramaditya, under which it was to delivered by last December, provides for penalty of up to 5%.But India is reluctant as yet to invoke it because of the long-standing bilateral ties as well as several ongoing defence projects with Russia, which has also leased nuclear-powered submarine INS Chakra to the Indian Navy as well as provided consultancy in the construction of the indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760611", "title": "Central pushes states on police reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving a new lease of life to various recommendations on police reforms, the Centre has written to all the states asking for their feedback and take appropriate action on over four dozen functional areas that may help in improving law and order machinery in the country.Besides making police more responsive to citizens' concerns, these measures are aimed at infusing a sense of accountability among police personnel through adequate legislative measures and also by insulating them from any kind of interference.Though a number of such recommendations had attracted public attention in the past couple of years after the Supreme Court intervened in response to a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) on police reforms, the majority of suggestions was gathering dust in states' secretariats.\"An elaborate note has been sent to states by the home ministry. States are expected to express their views so that appropriate measures can be taken through consultations,\" said an official.He said an online system has also been introduced where states can send their opinion and other suggestions electronically to avoid delay. The Centre would initiate the process of taking steps on the suggestions in Union Territories, he added.Some of the measures which are supposed to be implemented by the states at the earliest include abolition of \"orderly\" system in police department, creating a system of District Attorney to guide investigation of crimes in districts, setting up metropolitan police authorities in all cities that have population of more than one million, establishing an independent Inspectorate of police to carry out performance audit of police stations and introducing a citizen-friendly system of registration of FIRs.\"Since all these recommendations relate to state governments by virtue of 'law and order' being state's subject in Indian Constitution, it require consultations keeping in mind the federal structure of the country,\" said the official.Although the orderly system (posting orderlies at the residence of police officers) has been abolished in many states, most of them still practice it by attaching constables for screening visitors, attending to telephone calls and for delivering urgent messages.Taking strong view of this system, the Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) and other panels on police reforms had recommended abolishing it completely which they found not only humiliating for constables but also felt a waste of human resources that had been trained to do core policing jobs.Under the head - Empowering the Cutting Edge Functionaries - the ARC had in 2007, as part of its 165 recommendations on Public Order, also suggested substituting the existing system of constabulary with recruitment of graduates at the level of assistant sub-inspector of police (ASI).\"This changeover could be achieved over a period of time by stopping recruitment of constables and instead inducting an appropriate number of ASIs. Recruitment of constables would, however, continue in the Armed Police\", said the ARC.Seeking to set up Metropolitan Police Authorities in all cities having population above one million, the reform panel expressed that such body should have powers to plan and oversee community policing, improving police-citizen interface and suggesting ways to improve quality of policing.\"All these suggestions along with the ARC report have been sent to the states for taking action to improve police functioning,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759539", "title": "VP Singh\u2019s wife to get Rs 1 lakh for defamation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has asked a Delhi-based publication to pay a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to Sita Kumari, wife of former Prime Minister V P Singh, for defaming her by writing an article which claimed that she had claimed that Singh, who was also the Raja Bahadur of Manda, was \"insane\".Holding that the article \"lowered the image of the plaintiff (Sita Kumari) in the eyes of the general public\", Civil Judge Sushant Changotra said, \"A statement made without any basis that a wife has got her husband declared insane is purely defamatory in nature qua the wife..the suit of the plaintiff is decreed with costs for damages of Rs 1 lakh to be paid by the defendants (publication) jointly and severly.\"The petition, which was filed by the Rani of Manda in 2006, alleged that an article published in the magazine had wrongly mentioned that Sita Kumari had declared her husband \"insane\" before the High Court. Her counsel Shashi Shankar also alleged that the publication did not give any evidence to prove that the statement was made before the court and went on to call him \"schizophrenic\" and \"the most unpopular Prime Minister of the country\". \"These misleading statements and words are not only defamatory in nature but also mislead the nation,\" the petition stated.The chief editor of the publication and the author of the article denied all the charges against them and claimed that the fact that Sita Kumari called her husband insane had been reported many times earlier in the press. They also claimed that she made such statement as Singh had donated most of his land to Bhoodan movement headed by Acharya Vinobha Bhave. \"In order to claim that land, the plaintiff contended that said donation was not valid on the ground of unsoundness of mind of her husband V P Singh,\" they claimed.While Sita Kumari produced three witnesses in her favour, the publication did not cross-examine the witnesses. Later, the suit was heard against the publication ex-parte (for one party). After going through the evidence at hand, the court said, \"There is no doubt that V P Singh was a huge public figure who had been the head of the biggest democracy of the world. The right of making fair comments is permissible to the extent of commenting upon the policies of the public figure..the plaintiff has the right to seek damages by complaining publication of statement against her to be defamatory.\"The court also noted that despite giving an opportunity to the publication, they \"neither cross-examined the plaintiff nor the witnesses to prove the statement was a correct fact\". \"All the witnesses have stated that she has been supportive of her family members, friends, relatives and public at large throughout her life and the publication of the defamatory articles had put her in an embarrassing situation,\" the court added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760327", "title": "Human Rights Commission chief visits old age home", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission's investigation team will take stock of the activities at the Anand Dham old age home.The commission took the decision after a report of social justice department highlighted arrangements at the old age home as unsatisfactory.Acting chairman of the commission justice A K Saxena also visited the Anand Dham old age home on Wednesday and interacted with the senior citizens to get feedback , said joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta.The commission has taken cognizance of the media reports that food arrangements at the old age home are unsatisfactory and the senior citizens are facing a tough time.A report in this regard was sought by the social justice department but the commission found it unsatisfactory as it mentioned quote of only one against around 27 old age inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759838", "title": "Injuries account for top seeds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Injuries hit the Fenesta Open National Championship on Wednesday forcing two of the top four seeds to concede their matches. While second seed VM Ranjeet twisted his ankle, fourth seed PC Vignesh pulled out after the dropping the first set due to fever.Ranjeet was into the first game of the third set of an enthralling contest against Arjun Khade when the injury occurred. With the scoreline reading 6-3, 4-6, Ranjeet had dropped the first game of the final set before conceding the match to Khade who now advances into the quarterfinals. Vignesh had lost the first set 4-6 to Saurabh Singh and later his health forced him to concede.Meanwhile, top seed Jeevan Nedunchezhiya advanced into the quarterfinal after dropping a set. Nedunchezhiya got the better of Ajai Selvaraj 6-2, 3-6, 6-1. Selvaraj, too, looked like struggling with his shoulder in the final set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761064", "title": "Regulatory body for private varsities mooted", "text": "BANGALORE: A roundtable on Karnataka's proposed private universities bill on Wednesday suggested that an independent regulatory body be constituted to keep tabs on private universities.The roundtable discussed the need to have 30%-50% students of Karnataka domicile. However, it felt the 'minimum 40 acre' and 'Rs 25-crore endowment fund' rules were unnecessary. A research centre in every university and access to poor students are factors that need to be looked into.\"We need private universities as well. Our gross enrolment ratio should reach 30% by 2020,\" said CT Ravi, minister for higher education. So far, Karnataka has two private universities and both are regulated by an independent legislation.BU row heading for resolution?L'affaire N Prabhu Dev is likely to be resolved in a day or two. When asked about the confusion over Bangalore University V-C Prabhu Dev's new post, higher education minister CT Ravi said the matter will be sorted out in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759592", "title": "Rejected by girl\u2019s family, man ends life from sea link", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old BPO employee ended his life by jumping off the Bandra-Worli sea link on Monday afternoon. Mira Road resident Tushar Solanki was upset after the parents of a girl he had been dating rejected his marriage proposal, said the police. This is the third suicide from the sea link in nearly three months this year.On Monday, Solanki met the girl's parents at their south Mumbai home and sought their daughter's hand in marriage. The parents rejected Solanki's proposal and told him to stay away from their daughter. Solanki then hailed a cab and got off near the sea link. Minutes before he plunged to his death, Solanki sent a text message to the girl saying he was heartbroken and was going to jump off the sea link, said the police.The taxi driver approached the RAK Marg police to handover a bag and a mobile that Solanki had left behind. The RAK Marg police informed the Mira Road police with whom Solanki's parents had lodged a missing complaint on Monday.Solanki's body was found on Tuesday. In their statement, Solanki's parents said, \"Our son left our Mira Road residence, saying he was going to work. We had no idea that he was going to the girl's house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16759971", "title": "60K to appear for CAT-2012", "text": "HYDERABAD: About 60,000 students would be appearing for Common Admission Test (CAT)-2012 starting Thursday. Examinations will be held from October 11 to November 6 in different slots. In Hyderabad, the examinations will be conducted in three centres while only one centre has been allotted to Vizag. A total of 2.15 lakh students are expected to appear for the test from across the country.The centres allotted for CAT in the city include Teegala Krishna Reddy College of Engineering and Technology at Meerpet, Saroornagar, MLR Institute of Technology at Dundigal, Qutbullapur, and Prometric Testing Private Limited on Road No.2, Banjara Hills. In Vizag, the only test centre is at Viswanadha Institute of Technology &amp; Management, Anadapuram. The CAT-2012 will have two sections, namely Quantitative Ability &amp; Data Interpretation and Verbal Ability &amp; Logical Reasoning, spanned across 140 minutes.On Tuesday, CAT experts said that there could be a few surprises in store in the examination this year. However, IIM-Kozhikode, the institute which is conducting the test, has already announced that there will not be any change in the pattern of the test. \"The candidates should make sure that they have all the required documents for ID proof. Last year several students were sent back as they could not produce proper ID proofs,\" said Ramnath Kanakadandi, CAT coordinator, TIME coaching centre. \"Like every year, candidates will have to manage their time well,\" A R K S Srinivas, director of Vista Mind, a coaching centre for CAT said.The number of CAT applicants from the city has gone up considerably when compared to previous years. In 2011, around 50,000 candidates had appeared for the examination from state. A total of 2.1 lakh students are expected to write the examination across the country this year, a 4% increase in the number of candidates as last year's figure was at 2.05 lakh.The rise is attributed to more number of working professionals opting for CAT-2012. B Tech graduates looking for management careers still comprise the largest chunk of CAT aspirants. The number of girls appearing for the test has also gone up marginally. While in 2011, girl students comprised 27% of the total number of candidates opting for CAT from AP, the figure is at 28% this year. CAT is held for admissions to 13 IIMs and about 150 B-schools in the country. The result is expected to be announced on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759358", "title": "Burglars broke open four stores", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police are on the lookout for unidentified burglars, who broke into two shops in Ukkadam and Dr Nanjappa Road near Gandhipuram. Two more shops adjacent to the burgled shop were found with their front doors broken but the robbers left without taking any valuables.According to Ukkadam police, about Rs2lakh kept inside a textile showroom was found missing on Wednesday when the owner came and opened his shop. The front door was found broken and the culprits reportedly took the money kept inside the showroom. Police have registered a case but have not arrested anyone in connection with the incident.Meanwhile, three shops including a hardware shop all situated next to each other were broken into on Tuesday night. Unidentified men broke the front lock and entered these shops. Two of these outlets were offices of private travels, City travels and Aloha travels but the culprits were unable to find anything and had to leave empty handed. However, a drilling equipment was found missing from the hardware store. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761903", "title": "Protests throw traffic out of gear", "text": "RANCHI: A protest rally and a couple of gheraos organized by various organizations threw traffic out of gear across the state capital for over three hours on Wednesday causing great hardship to the general public. Albert Ekka Chowk, Nirmal Mahto Chowk, Karamtoli Chowk and Plaza Chowk were choked with traffic during the period.While the Left parties called a rally at Morhabadi ground over the Nagri land acquisition issue resulting in a severe traffic jam at Morhabadi and all roads which lead to it, hundreds of para teachers went to gherao the residence of deputy CM Sudesh Mahto near Morhabadi. An unannounced gherao at Nirmal Mahto Chowk by members of JMM only added to traffic woes. The JMM members gheraoed the chowk to protest against the tampering of Nirmal Mahto's statue. Owing to the gherao, traffic was thrown out of gear not just at Jail Chowk which had a cascading affect at Karamtoli Chowk and Plaza Chowk.Traffic SP Chandra Shekhar Prasad said, \"We cannot stop the protesters. All we could do was to divert the traffic.\"As a result of diversion of traffic, the vehicles from Jail Chowk took turned towards Plaza Chowk thus leading to a jam on HB Road which indirectly affected the traffic at Albert Ekka Chowk.Mohan Kumar, a commuter said: \"I wasted almost a litre of petrol and more than an hour to cover the distance of just three km. I tried taking several routes to my destination but all were jammed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759543", "title": "Constable overpowers chain snatcher, nabs him", "text": "CHENNAI: A police constable on patrol overpowered and caught hold of a youth who snatched a 4.5-sovereign chain from a woman in Kumaran Nagar on Tuesday night. The chain-snatcher, Bargavi, 22, of Pattukottai district, is a diploma holder in multimedia, police said.Muthazhagan, grade I constable, was on patrol near a park on 12th Avenue at 8.15pm when he saw the youth following the victim, Subhadra. Suddenly, he snatched her chain and escaped on his two-wheeler.Muthazhagan, who was on his bike and noticed this from a distance, gave chase and rammed his vehicle against the youth's motorbike. Bargavi fell down and was caught.The youth pulled out a knife and tried to attack the constable, but Muthazhagan managed to keep him under control until others came to his rescue. The gold chain was recovered.\"I did not notice him following me until he placed his hand on my neck. Before I could raise an alarm, he cut my chain,\" said Subhadra.\"I was dragged for a few meters before the chain was cut. Somehow I managed to hold a part of it and shouted for help,\" said Subathra, who was struggling to recover from the pain. Recalling the incident, Subhadra said that despite the presence of several people on that lane, the youth snatched her chain.She said more police personnel should be posted there. Muthazhagan, who sustained minor injuries on his knees, said he was determined to nab the chain-snatcher.He was later rewarded with 5,000 by commissioner S George who ordered more plainclothes policemen to be posted to keep an eye on chain-snatchers. He also asked officers to identify those who helped the police constable and reward them. George said that educated youth being involved in crime was a disturbing trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762646", "title": "Tough task for Siddaramaiah at Varuna", "text": "MYSORE: The results of election to the posts of Mysore Zilla Panchayat president and vice-president on Monday, where the Congress failed to make a mark, is a cause of worry for opposition leader Siddaramaiah who is nurturing ambitions of becoming chief minister.BJP and JD(S) bagged the posts of president and vice-president, respectively. Besides loss of face to Congress, the result means a major setback to Siddaramaiah. The president's post has been won by the brother of K P Siddalingaswami, who is personal assistant of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa. Siddalingaswami is planning to contest from Varuna constituency, which is now being represented by Siddaramaiah.Siddalinagaswami, though a novice in politics, has openly declared that he will contest against Siddaramaiah. He has involved himself in nurturing the constituency under the patronage of his mentor Yeddyurappa. When Siddalingaswami descended on the scene a year-and-half ago, Siddaramaiah discarded him as a \"non-entity in politics with no stature of his own in the constituency\".Siddalingaswami's slow and sustained political efforts and his good rapport with the people of the constituency has made Siddaramaiah sit up and take note. \"In future, Siddaramaiah cannot take lightly the claims of Siddalinagaswami as his brother, by virtue of heading the ZP, has a hold over several government departments,\" a close confidant of Siddaramaiah said.What is worrying for Siddaramaiah is not Siddalingaswami's possible interference in the constituency. But it is the voters' caste composition -- Lingayats constitute 25%, the community to which Siddalingaswami belongs, and the latter's new-found love in Naik community. The two communities together make 40% of the two-lakh voter population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761517", "title": "Patna high court orders education secretary, VCs to appear on October 15", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the principal secretary (education) and the vice-chancellors of the state universities to appear before it on October 15 to explain why the court orders for giving the benefit of teaching employees to the demonstrators were not complied with.A single bench of Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh passed the order while hearing a bunch of contempt petitions of demonstrators of various universities. Justice Singh directed the principal secretary and the VCs to explain to the court why and how the state government had decided to demote the demonstrators to non-teaching category from the teaching category. \"The Supreme Court had ruled that the designated demonstrators should be given all the benefits of teaching employees in accordance with their qualification and even the high court had passed similar orders in this regard. Then why the order was not complied with,\" the judge said.Petitioners' counsel, Abhinav Srivastava, Sharad Kumar Sinha and others submitted that the state government had committed a contempt of court by defying the SC and Patna HC orders. They submitted that the designated demonstrators had to incur huge monetary losses due to the government decision.Grants to College: A single bench of Justice Navin Sinha directed the principal secretary (education) to file an affidavit stating whether he had ensured proper utilization of grant given for payment of salary to teachers and non-teaching employees of BKM College at Dumri in Buxar district.The order was passed during a hearing of a writ petition of one Ram Kumar Singh alleging irregularities by the college principal in giving salary from the grants. It was alleged that the principal issued salary to illegally-appointed staff only and denied the same to the old and bona fide teachers and non-teaching employees.Petitioner's counsel Ranjan Jha submitted that the college principal had misrepresented the fact to the government regarding bona fide college teachers.Regulate traffic: The Patna high court has directed the Patna traffic SP to regulate traffic near Mithapur on Mithapur-Khagaul Road under Section 69 of Bihar Police Act, 2007, which provides for making arrest and imposing a fine of Rs 10,000 on anybody intentionally affecting the traffic flow.The division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh passed the order on a PIL of Vidyanand Kumar who alleged that the traffic flow was being deliberately disturbed by the wholesale vegetable vendors who park their trucks to sell the vegetables at Mithapur. The court directed the petitioner's counsel, Dhirendra Kumar, to approach the traffic SP with the court order for its compliance.Franking machines: The advocates' clerks at Patna high court on Wednesday raised slogans against the people manning the franking machines as two of the four machines were not functioning. They are managed by the department of post for stamping of the petitions and affidavits filed in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16762531", "title": "CMO, clerks kidnapped by UP minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister of state for revenue in Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet, Vinod Singh, allegedly kidnapped Gonda chief medical officer S P Singh and two of his clerks late on Monday night to pressure him to appoint two doctors on contract for government facilities in the district.The CMO, who managed to give his abductors a slip on Monday and informed the district police chief, was shifted to Lucknow under the protection of a security retinue headed by an additional district magistrate (ADM) rank officer. The minister has denied any role in the abduction. The case brought back memories of a shocking case during the Mayawati regime in which a BSP MLA in Auraiyya kidnapped an engineer of the Nirman Nigam and tortured him to death after he refused to provide the legislator the money he allegedly wanted to gift to then chief minister on her birthday.Though Mayawati was quick to order action against her MLA, the Akhilesh government has yet to take note of the case despite principal secretary (Home) R K Srivastava and director general (DG) Medical Health being informed on Monday night itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759646", "title": "Tamil Nadu begins repair work on Mullaperiyar dam", "text": "CHENNAI: After a successful legal battle, the Tamil Nadu government has taken up repair works at the 116-year-old Mullaperiyar dam in Idukki district in Kerala.The works would be supervised by an independent observer nominated by the Central Water Commission and a superintending engineer of Kerala's public works department. Estimated to cost 1.7 crore, the maintenance works are long overdue, officials said. PWD engineers at the dam site said the works on the baby dam besides maintenance of gullies and removal of shrubs and trees on the structure have begun. Two loads of cement were sent to the dam on Wednesday. As per the court's order, silt and debris will be removed from the leading channel and tunnel to ensure free flow of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760370", "title": "Support Economic Offence Wing probe, HC tells state", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) on Wednesday directed the state government to support State Economic Offence Wing (EOW) to complete investigations into the alleged multi-crore scam in Bansagar dam project. Justice R S Jha issued orders to the principal secretaries of the general administration department (GAD) and water resources department in this regard.The HC also gave three month's time to the EOW to finish the probe and submit its report to the court.EOW investigations into the alleged scam had made little or no progress owing to the alleged non-corporation of the two departments. After the HC had directed the investigative agency in 2008 to go ahead with the probe, the EOW had shot off more than 450 letters seeking details and reports, but to no avail.When an investigator officer made personal visit to the department seeking relevant information, a senior officer reportedly charged him with violating protocol norms.Investigation is being carried out by EOW's Jabalpur unit. Last month, the EOW had formed five teams to speed up the investigation.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report had also pointed out rampant corruption in the Bansagar dam project in its previous report.The CAG had raised a clutch of objections, including an undue advantage of Rs 7.32 crore to a cement manufacturing unit, purchase of mild steel (MS) footbridges worth nearly Rs 21 crore from unauthorised agency, purchasing MS pipes at a higher rate, resulting in extra cost of Rs 16.21 crore and execution of substandard cement concrete wall amounting to loss of Rs 3.17 crore to the government.It also pointed out works worth Rs over 107 crore was entrusted to suppliers through Madhya Pradesh Laghu Udyog Nigam without inviting tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16762551", "title": "8 in cop net for nurses' assault at Civil hospital", "text": "NASHIK: Eight persons were remanded in 3-day police custody on Wednesday for assaulting nurses at the Civil hospital. The accused had allegedly turned violent following the death of a patient.In connection with the incident, the Sarkarwada police After assaulting four nurses and two matrons at , the Sarkarwada police have arrested the widow of the deceased Meena Gaikwad (35), along with Durga Balasaheb Gangurde (35), Shobha Kacharu Nikam (49), Sharda Gaikwad (35), Kalpana Netware (40), all residents of Avdhutwadi, Dindori Road, widow of the deceased Meena Gaikwad (35), resident of Rajpal Colony, Makhmalabad, Shiva Kedar, Santosh Salve, of Gorewadi, Nashik Road, Sunil Manohar Gaikwad (17) of Rajpal Colony, Makhmalabad Naka, Rahul Gautam Gaikwad (17) and Anand Netwate (20). of Avdhoot Wadi, Dindori Road, With the exception of Rahul Gaikwad and Sunil Gaikwad, the two minors in the assault case, the other eight accused were remanded in police custody on Wednesday after which they were produced in a city court.Sarkarwada police said that the wife of the deceased Meena,the deaceased's son Sunil, and three of the deceased's sisters and his sister-in-law were taken to the funeral of the deceased to perform last rites on Tuesday evening.The incident occurred when the situation took an an ugly turn on the third floor of Civil Hospital when the deceased Manohar Gaikwad, who was being treated following a suicide attempt, started gasping for breath and passed away later. Manohad consumed poison and was being treated for the same at the hospital. Following his death, the deceased's relatives alleged that the patient was administered more injections than needed due to which his health deteriorated leading to his death.Enraged over the turn of events, the deceased kin began yelling at the nurses and went on to beat them up. Among those attacked included Asha Katyarkar, Prachi Bansode, Archana Jaware, all of whom were nurses. Ward in-charge, Sulocahna Lotankar and Swati Kulkarni were also attacked.Protesting against the assault, the entire nursing staff stalled work at the hospital and raised slogans against the police. The angry staff demanded that they be provided additional security.Deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil, who rushed to the incident spot along with assistant commissioner of police, Ganesh Shinde and senior police Inspector of Sarkarwada Police Station, addressed the agitating nurses assuring them of while addressing the agitating nurses assured them immediate additional security at the hospital.Subsequently, two women constables were deployed at the hospital on Wednesday, in addition to the two constables who were already stationed.Sources at the hospital said that the agitation of the nurses lasted only till the DCP provided them the assurance of additional bandobast following which the staff resumed work at around 3.30 pm.The two minors involved in the assault - Sunil Gaikwad and Rahul Gaikwad - the son and nephew of the deceased respectively, were granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16759261", "title": "Saina Nehwal pays Rs 70 lakh, but no sign of money for which she's been taxed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal's association with Deccan Chronicle initially seemed like a cheering story of a non-cricketer sportsperson too bagging plum endorsement deals. Unfortunately for her, the 22-year old has apparently not been paid since the beginning of this year, with those in the know pegging the amount at Rs 3-4 crore. Worse, she has paid advance tax of Rs 70 lakh but is yet to receive the money from DC.Saina was the brand ambassador of Deccan Chronicle newspaper until she signed a three-year deal with Rhiti Sports in July. DC also managed her endorsement deals.Saina had endorsed more than half-a-dozen products during her association with DC and the agreement was that the money would be routed to her account through her managers. While she has not received the full amount, the tax authorities served a notice for Rs 70 lakh on her projected annual earnings from her contract with DC.According to sources, Saina paid the tax on September 30 and has approached DC thrice after that through her agent but her requests have fallen on deaf ears.\"We know they are facing financial problems but at least they should have given us a time frame. The money belongs to Saina and they should have paid her after keeping their share. The Rs 70 lakh she paid as tax was from the cash rewards she received after winning bronze in London ,\" a source close to Saina said.Saina and her father Harvir Singh Nehwal refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16760000", "title": "Lesson from 1962: India must never lower its guard", "text": "The 50th anniversary of the 1962 Sino-Indian border war should be an occasion to look to the future rather than commiserate about the past. It seems odd that the 50th anniversary appears to be generating more commentary and reminiscences than the earlier decadal anniversaries, despite the longer passage in time. Since time is said to be a great healer, why do the wounds of the past continue to fester?All history is viewed through the prism of our present. The 1962 war is no different. It has acquired a contemporary salience precisely because rising China looms larger on our radar screen than ever before. As the respective economic and military capabilities of India and China continue to expand outwards, beyond their frontiers, it is inevitable that they will bump against each other, particularly in Asia . This may sharpen the sense of rivalry between them. The 1962 border war becomes a metaphor for this competition and possible conflict.While this may be understandable, it is necessary to break out of this tendency to look at India-China relations narrowly through the military prism. This reduces the competitive dynamics to a numbers game, counting military capabilities and limits the possibilities for significant and substantive opportunities for collaboration, both in bilateral as well as multi-lateral context.A lesson of the 1962 war is that India must never let down its guard. It must deploy sufficient military and logistics capabilities to deter any 1962-style surprise attack. We are better prepared than ever before, but this is not a static. We need to have the ability to respond effectively as China upgrades its own capabilities and logistics in Tibet. We need to maintain our current edge in the maritime domain. Our recent Agni-V test and the development of submarine-based nuclear forces have imparted greater symmetry between Indian and Chinese nuclear deterrence capabilities. But it is important to locate these efforts in a broader strategy for managing India-China relations in all its dimensions.What are the elements of such a strategy? We must acknowledge that adversarial elements currently dominate in India-China relations. China will continue to constrain India through proxy powers such as Pakistan and through exploiting apprehensions our immediate neighbours have of Indian dominance. Our counter to this must be a better management of our own periphery, extending assurance where possible, giving our neighbours a stake in our own prosperity and leveraging the considerable cultural affinity we share with them. It is pointless bemoaning Chinese inroads in our neighbourhood, if we leave wide open spaces for them. After all, do we not try and leverage similar opportunities in China's neighbourhood \u2014 as we must?Beyond this, we should seek to expand possible convergences with China so that adversarial instincts on either side are contained and, in time, diminished in their intensity. Bilateral trade between the two sides has been growing rapidly, soon to cross the $75-billion mark. True, the trade balance remains heavily in China's favour, but that would matter less in a broader economic relationship that encouraged trade in services, in which India has strengths, and investment, where India could prove an attractive destination for Chinese capital. Over the past couple of decades, China's frenetic investment in infrastructure has left it, today, with a huge excess capacity in this sector. This coincides with our own requirements for infrastructure investment of a trillion US dollars over the next decade or so. Is a long-term strategic partnership with China in India's infrastructure development possible? There will be security concerns, particularly in certain strategic sectors such as high-end telecommunications or port development close to our naval bases. However, if India were to clearly define such sensitive areas, where foreign investment would be restricted, without being China-specific, there could be a vast area where Chinese capital and affordable equipment and technology could help realize India's own dream for building world-class infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759591", "title": "Medical council to screen doctors to sieve out quacks", "text": "CHENNAI: After finding three men practicing medicine with fake degree certificates in less than six months, the state medical council has asked all hospitals, both government and private, to verify the background of doctors who graduated in the last two years before recruiting them.The council will also verify the background of all candidates it had registered in the last three years, Tamil Nadu State Medical Council president Dr K Prakasam said. The council has lodged a police complaint against three people who had produced fake degree certificates, and has requested police to crack down on brokers who help candidates procure such certificates, he said. Some of them even managed to register themselves as doctors with the Medical Council of India (MCI) without clearing the screening examination.Investigations show these candidates had approached brokers in New Delhi, who managed to register them by bribing MCI secretarial staff. \"We have seized the fake degrees and registration certificates. But we are not sure how many more quacks have been 'legalised' through fake certificates. We have urged police to investigate,\" he said.The council has urged hospitals not to recruit doctors who are not registered by the state council. It was found that students producing fake certificates had mostly completed their degrees abroad, particularly in Russia, he said.Since 2002, students who graduate from colleges abroad have to appear for a screening test conducted by the National Board of Examinations. Those who clear the test get certificates from the state medical council permitting them to do a year-long internship with a university or a hospital. \"We have found students faking both the registration and internship certificates. We have written to the MCI and are awaiting their response,\" said a senior official in the state medical council.After internship, they are enrolled in the registry, enabling them to start practice. In 2010, 242 students got licences, while 171 got it the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16762133", "title": "Terror suspect sent to police custody", "text": "KANNUR: The chief judicial magistrate in Thalassery has sent to police custody terror suspect Rayeez, who was arrested in connection with a case of the seizure of explosives that was hidden under a coconut palm in a house in Malayalamkunnu under Chakkarakkal police limits on December 10, 2009.Rayeez, son of Aboobacker, a resident of Chembilode-Koyode near Pallipoyil under Chakkarakkal police limits, was arrested from Mumbai airport on Sunday, when he reached there after he was deported from Saudi Arabia .Though the court sent him in judicial remand, the Chakkarakkal police demanded his custody for 20 days, as he had to be interrogated further in the case, which also involves LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer, the court granted on 10 days' police custody on Wednesday. Police believe that his interrogation might provide clues to other criminal cases in which Thadiyantavide Nazeer is involved.According to police, the ammonium nitrate seized from Malayalamkunnu is the remains of the huge quantity of explosives allegedly stolen by Nazeer from Perumbavoor, used for many explosions including the Kozhikode twin blasts. It was Rayeez who dug it under the coconut palm, before escaping to Saudi Arabia. He is the third accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761514", "title": "Make KYC available online: Ministry to oil companies", "text": "PATNA: State food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, at a meeting on Wednesday, directed the representatives of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum (HP) and Bharat Petroleum (BP) to immediately resolve the prevailing crisis and overcome the short supply of LPG cylinders in Bihar.The minister also asked the IOC officials to make the KYC form available on the website and directed them to set up camps where representatives of gas agencies, oil companies and district administration would be present during submission of forms. He asked the oil companies to prepare and send a work plan in this regard in three days to the district administration headquarters.Rajak said the state government was committed to ensure the timely supply of LPG cylinders to 40 lakh domestic consumers in the state and no unnecessary delay on the part of the oil companies and agencies concerned would be tolerated. He also asked the oil companies to clear the backlog within a week and normalize the situation. \"If any consumer lodges a complaint against the agency concerned, action will be initiated against both the agency concerned and the related oil company,\" he warned.IOC manager BK Jaiswal said the backlog was created in September which resulted in an unusual situation. The IOC sources had said last week that the short supply of LPG cylinders, especially in urban Patna, was due to workers' problem at the bottling plant in Ara. However, consumers were also assured that the problem would be resolved soon as bottling work was going on even on holidays. Incidentally, this assurance proved hollow as most of the consumers who have booked for a refill on September 15, are yet to get their cylinders.Meanwhile, several city-based gas agencies said they have already started supplying LPG cylinders to consumers who have booked their orders after September 20. \"I have booked for a refill on September 21 and yet to get the cylinder. I now depend on my microwave oven,\" said Jyoti Agrawal, a resident of Rajabazar area.IOC manager, however, assured the minister that the problem of backlog would be sorted out with the help of new scheme.Apart from the minister, principal secretary of the department Shishir Sinha, Patna district magistrate Sanjay Kumar Singh, special supply officer Aniruddh Kumar, IOC manager BK Jaiswal and Radhika Mahto of HP were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "16761772", "title": "Lankan refugees' attempt to leave for Australia thwarted", "text": "TUTICORIN: An alleged bid by a group of 55 Sri Lankan refugees, including 15 children, to clandestinely leave India in boats to Australia from Tuticorin was foiled on Wednesday.The refugees from various camps across Tamil Nadu were detained by the 'Q' branch police when they were waiting at a temple in Chinthalakkarai near Ettayapuram, possibly awaiting the intimation from their agents for the right time to board the boats from Tuticorin coast. Police said that they will be sent to their respective refugee camps after interrogation is over. Meanwhile, a hunt has been launched for two agents who received money from the refugees promising to send them to Australia.\"It is not clear whether the agents had collected money with an intention of sending them to Australia or dupe the gullible refugees with the promise of sending them abroad, but ditch them after receiving the cash,\" said a police officer.The agents identified as Ramanan and Suresh, who also happen to be Sri Lankan Tamils, have collected anything between Rs 50,000 to Rs 2 lakh depending on the affordability of the families.The refugees were staying in the temple in the guise of devotees for the past two days. \"They were from the camps at Kottapattu and Vazhavandhankottai in Trichy district, Chidambaram, Ramanathapuram and Tirunelveli. All of them assembled in Trichy and had come to Tuticorin,\" police said.Police said that the villagers of Chinthalakarai who suspected the identity of the refugees belonging to 20 families staying in the temple in the guise of devotees informed the revenue officials. Ettayapuram tahsildar Ambrose Mary conducted inquiries with the refugees and informed the 'Q' branch police.Ramanan had asked the refugees to be at the temple assuring that he would contact them once the situation was conducive for the boat ride from Tuticorin coast. Police suspect that since Ramanan did not turn up for two days, he could have duped the refugees and fled with the money.\"None of these refugees had any relatives or friends in Australia. But they had heard that refugees enjoyed a better livelihood status there and had fallen in the trap of the agents,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760674", "title": "Australia to enter into civil nuclear commerce with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: After years of denying uranium to India - even ignoring Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) waiver to India to carry out nuclear commerce - Australia is all set to enter into civil nuclear cooperation with the non-NPT signatory. Government sources here confirmed that Australian PM Julia Gillard visit to India early next week will see a formal announcement of negotiations between the two countries for such a deal.The core of the cooperation will be a uranium safeguards agreement which will allow Australia to export uranium to India bypassing opposition from various groups that are opposing the Labor government's decision to overturn the ban on uranium sale to India. Australia, a member of NSG, had supported the group's waiver to India in 2008 but continued with its ban on exporting uranium to India saying that it will not be possible to reverse the ban until India signs NPT.\"The two sides will announce that negotiations are underway for an agreement which would facilitate supply of uranium from Australia; the agreement may take some time though as negotiations are likely to be lengthy,'' said a government source. Gillard, who was instrumental in Labor's decision to reverse ban, is expected to arrive in India on October 15 for a three-day visit. While this will be her second official visit to India, it will be the first as PM. According to Indian officials, the initiative for the visit came from Gillard herself, who appears keen on mending ties with New Delhi despite the ``snub'' from her counterpart Manmohan Singh last year when he pulled out of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in Perth. In fact, the last Indian PM to have visited Australia was Rajiv Gandhi in 1984.The uranium agreement with Australia, apart from ensuring a steady supply of the yellowcake, will also have great symbolic significance for India as it will mark another international `acceptance' of its nuclear weapons programme. The agreement is like to include the same provisions as NPT meant to prevent proliferation and with which India has always agreed in principle despite not having signed the treaty because it allows only five countries to possess nuclear weapons.Australian foreign minister Bob Carr said recently that Canberra needed the agreement to be able to supply uranium to India and that it was working New Delhi India to finalize it. \"The relationship's in good working order and the thing the Indians wanted out of us most was a decision to sell them uranium for the peaceful development of nuclear power which is a major strategic goal for them and I think an environmental plus for the planet,\" he was quoted as having said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762495", "title": "British high commission chief visits Dharmasthala", "text": "MANGALORE: The chief of the Bangalore based British High Commission Ian Felton on Tuesday visited Dharmasthala along a team of delegates from the trade and education.They acquainted themselves with various activities of Dharmasthala with special reference to Shri Kshethra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project (SKDRDP) with SDM Education Society.The one-day visit consisted of a visit to Rural Development Project Office, SDM College, Ujire, vintage car museum and Naturopathy Hospital campus.The team held discussions with Dharmasthala counter parts consisting of D Harshendra Kumar, secretary of SDM Education Society, Sudha Rao, chief executive officer of SDM Education Society, LH Manjunath, Executive Director of SKDRDP, S Prabhakar and other executives from SKDRDP.The team then visited SDM Engineering College and held discussion with Dr Anandnarayan, scientist in the SELCO Solar lab situated in the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760152", "title": "Trafficking racket: Sri Lankan held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trafficking racket was busted with the arrest of a 42-year-old Sri Lankan national on Tuesday. The man had allegedly duped several youth on the pretext on getting them jobs in Malaysia.The man, Dissa Nayak alias Tushar, was caught from Paharganj when he came to the area to collect money from a woman. \"The man used to charge anything between Rs1-2 lakh from every youth. He belongs to Yakwila in the northwest province of Sri Lanka and was staying in Janakpuri. The racket was being run for the last one year\", said additional commissioner of police (Central), Devesh Srivastava. The arrest came following a complaint filed by a woman on October 1.Nayak, who was working as a marketing agent, is married to a Russian national. He had come to India on a business visa in 2009. \"In 2010, his wife came to India on a tourist visa. They rented an accommodation in Janakpuri and Nayak started luring unemployed youths on the pretext of sending them to Malaysia to work at a juice factory owned by his brother. However, the youths were sent to the country on a tourist visa. Malaysian authorities use to deport them to India,\" Srivastava said.The official claimed that Nayak used to change his base frequently in order to avert arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760067", "title": "1,709 visit Jhajjar AIIMS centre on Day I", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of patients suffering from eye-related problems turned up at the AIIMS' outreach centre at Jhajjar, Haryana, on Wednesday to attend the screening programme organized by the premier medical institute and hospital.According to Dr R V Azad, director of the institute's R P Eye Centre, the initiative was the first activity being held at the outreach centre and by November first week most specialties, including gynae, pediatrics and medicine among others.\"Total 1,709 patients, including 508 schoolchildren, visited the OPD on Wednesday. Of this, 204 patients suffering from cataract were referred to the main hospital for surgery. They will be operated soon,\" said Azad. Special secretary, ministry of health and family welfare Keshav Desiraju and AIIMS director R C Deka among others were present at Jhajjar.The total estimated area of the OPD is about 4,500 sq m and officials said that diagnostic services are being set up. \"We plan to have departments including general medicine, orthopaedics, obstetrics and gynaecology, paediatrics, ophthalmology, ENT, psychiatry, dermatology, dietetics, and general surgery here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760568", "title": "Determined 17-year-olds firm about bringing winds of change", "text": "PUNE: For Saurabh Deshpande, the journey from Parbhani to Pune was a small step towards fulfilling his dreams. He wants to join the civil services and work at nation-building, an aspiration he hopes the Times Scholars initiative will help him realize.There were 19 others like Deshpande from Pune, Latur, Sangli, Solapur, Nashik and Ahmednagar for whom the interview by a panel of judges on Tuesday and Wednesday was the very first.Many of the 17-year-old aspirants said they wanted a clean, corruption free India and were willing to bring about change.Times Scholars is a Times of India initiative aimed at recognizing and rewarding the brightest young minds in the country. The interview panel comprised Bhushan Patwardhan, vice-chancellor of the Symbiosis International University, and Nalini Sengupta, principal of the Vidya Valley School and former chairman of University Grants' Commission Arun Nigavekar, now a senior advisor and trustee with the science and technology park in University of Pune.The students had written the aptitude test at Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Kothrud.The candidates were evaluated on their determination to achieve their goals, apart from interpersonal skills, academic excellence, intellect, general awareness, leadership potential and social commitment.\"It was my first interview in English, but a great learning experience,\" said Deshpande. \"The interview instilled confidence. I can now fare better in others,\" said Ashwin Patula, who wants to be an applications developer for Android phones.Ashwin plans to give back to society.\" I want to educate our milkman's children. I owe him much more than the monthly bill for all the fitness that he gave me through the milk he supplied,\" he said. In school, Ashwin and his friends had formed an eco-club to campaign against littering.His father Ravi Kumar said Ashwin had taken other all-India tests, but none like the Times Scholars. \"Personal interviews, essential for assessing a student, were not part of those exams. The aptitude test covered a range of subjects and the scholarship of Rs 5 lakh will help students as professional education is costly,\" he added.The interview, A B Akshaya (17) felt, gave her an insight into an education that would combine her interests. She said the initiative as one-of-its-kind because it would provide funds to a student for the future. Her father, Perry D, said, \"The initiative has given my daughter good exposure. She has come through all the stages, so far, with flying colours.\"Chinmay Jha said constructive leads were picked up from the conversation. \"Only a few questions were pre-planned. Using personal interviews as a testing parameter is important, as the finalists will represent India academically,\" he said.Divya Tomer said the interview helped her discover her goals. She wants to be a doctor and carry on with research. A personal interview will determine those eligible for the rewards of the initiative, Yashpal Singh Tomer, Divya's father, said. \"Times Scholars is a very good initiative. It can fund a child's future. Something useful for children can be equally beneficial for the country,\" he added.Mangesh Atpadikar said the session was not based on bookish knowledge, but gauged a student's values, his impressions about society and how much he wants to improve it, he said. Aniket Patil spoke out against corruption which he planned to curb once he joined the civil services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16761754", "title": "Need to introspect, Rahul Gandhi tells partymen in Amritsar", "text": "AMRITSAR: There is a need to introspect, to know the reasons behind Congress defeat in assembly elections earlier this year, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi told party workers in Amritsar on Wednesday.On a two-day visit to Punjab beginning Wednesday, Rahul met the state Congress leaders and block level party workers to know the reasons behind party's defeat in assembly as well as municipal corporation elections.Amritsar District Congress Committee (urban) president Jugal Kishore Sharma told TOI that Rahul was surprised to know that block presidents and other grassroots level leaders were not even consulted before ticket distribution. \"Rahul told us that the high command knew that party would lose in Uttarakhand but was sure of victory in Punjab,\" he said.The local leaders also informed Rahul that the state government was indulging in political vendetta and framing them in false police cases.Another Congress leader, who attended the meeting, said Rahul gave maximum opportunity to block presidents who had converged from all over the state to speak up on various issues, including the party's present position in Punjab. \"Atma manthan karne ko kaha hai Rahul ji ne (Rahul has asked Congressmen to introspect),\" he said, adding that Rahul was keen on knowing the pulse of Congressmen and their expectations from their leaders.During the meeting, the issue of rebellion in state Congress was also discussed and many leaders complained of not being given tickets. Among those were present were Amarinder Singh , Ambika Soni , Jagmeet Brar, and Partap Singh Bajwa.Posters removedOfficials of Amritsar Municipal Corporation removed posters of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi during his visit to Amritsar on Wednesday. MC officials said that nobody had taken permission to put up banners and large hoardings so they were illegal and removed. Most of the posters were put up by senior Congress leaders and party's student wing National Students Union of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759695", "title": "Testing time ahead for Nagpur University's exam section", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long gap, Nagpur University's exam section has officials in all seats, like pro-VC and controller of examinations (CoE). However, newly-elected pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and CoE Vilas Ramteke have a big task ahead in getting the exam section, rocked by paper leaks and scams involving employees, back on track.Academicians said the duo has to first boost the employees' morale, which is at an all-time low. After NU's infamous fake marksheet and revaluation scam in 1999, which nearly crippled the system, it took a long time for the exam section officials to recover. Memories of that scam, blamed on former NU official Yadav Kohchade, still haunt the exam section.In the post-scam era, officials like former pro-VC Madhukar Rode and officer on special duty (OSD) Arvind Barahate took strenuous efforts to streamline the exam system and put it back on track. The section did very well during former pro-VC GS Parasher's tenure, on account of his strict administration and innovative tactics. He introduced Sunday exam pattern and increased efficiency of limited workforce, which made it possible for NU to deliver quick exam results and hog the limelight. In fact, other universities approached NU to learn about the new system.After him, the charge of exam section went to Devendranath Mishra, who was already CoE. But he was assigned dual responsibility as registrar, which led to the performance slipping again. After his exit, Siddarth Kane was made acting CoE. He looked promising and initially streamlined the system. Of late, however, the ever increasing number of colleges and students was taking a toll on employees.The monthlong strike by lecturers for sixth pay commission salary, coupled with a series of paper leaks, including the BCCA exam, has again crippled the exam system. Improper handling of the leak issue by VC Vilas Sapkal's administration has only added to the woes.The exam section has also been hit by the latest revelations of scams at Wardha's Agnihotri college and Bhandara's Shivaji Science College. The final blow came when NU assistant registrar Sandhya Chunodkar Handa's name came to fore for alleged involvement in another Kohchade style scam, where she helped her son and many others clear engineering exams.One of NU's senior librarian, head of NU's department of library and information science (DLISc) Shailini Lihitkar, also allegedly helped her sister to clear her papers using fraudulent means. All this cost Kane the post of pro-VC, which he had been eyeing.Academicians now hope for a better show from Yenkie-Ramteke duo, who had earlier teamed up successfully and transparently while conducting the NU polls despite being under pressure from rival political groups. Unexpectedly, they have been thrown together once again but on a different platform no less challenging.Academicians believe that the two could make a difference if they continue to work in the same manner, without buckling under pressure, and put the derailed exam section back on track.Immediate tasks before the duo:* Immediately filling up all vacant posts* Computerization of the entire exam system* Expediting the evaluation and revaluation processes* Fast and reliable paper distribution and collection system* Accelerate online enrolment and I-card generation* Enhance security at Exam Section and evaluation centres* Barring evaluators from carrying their mobiles during evaluation process* Taking steps to prevent paper leaks and scams that rocked NU in past", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759356", "title": "Late diagnosis affects eye health: Experts", "text": "COIMBATORE: As World Sight Day is just round the corner (October 13), experts in the field of eye care say that eye health is deteriorating, especially among the elderly and the diabetic.\"In recent years, diabetes-related eye problems have considerably increased.Since the number of diabetes patients is on the rise, diabetes-related eye disorders like glaucoma and diabetes retinopathy have increased many fold,\" said D Ramamurthy, Chairman, Scientific Committee, All India Ophthalmological Committee. He was speaking at the inauguration of the Eye Foundation's new centre near Sungam in Coimbatore on Wednesday. Ramamurthy said that with the rise in life-expectancy, the incidence of eye problems are on the rise too.in most cases, people are diagnosed at a very late stage. This is because of lack of awareness, he said. In the 1970s it was found that 80% of blindness cases were due to cataract. However, greater awareness and proper medical intervention has reduced it now to 40%, he noted.He said in India 5 million cataract surgeries are conducted annually. He added 25% of the population has some kind of refractive error. It is when the eye doesn't bend light correctly (refract) as it enters the eye, resulting in a blurred image. He said one in 10 school children who were tested had the corrective refractive error. Interestingly, many were not aware of their problems. It is time that people conduct early detection to prevent many eye problems, he asserted.He further said that as per the WHO statistics 34% of the people world over suffer from cataract, 18% suffer from refractive errors, 10% from glaucoma and 4% from diabetes retinopathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16761986", "title": "Traders oppose FDI in retail, stage blockade", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The activists of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal on Wednesday staged a road blockade at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines in protest against hike in prices of diesel and LPG and introduction of FDI in retail sector. They raised slogans against the Central government and demanded rollback in fuel prices and scrapping of FDI in retail sector.Mandal convenor Krishna Kumar Gupta said by introducing FDI in retail, the Central government is trying to bind small time traders in shackles and in turn ruining their business.Another leader Shyam Sundar Singh Patel said by handing over retail trade to foreign companies the Central government is compromising the nation's interest.Meanwhile, peeved at the prevailing insanitation in South Malaka, angry residents met the district magistrate on Wednesday and handed over a memorandum demanding laying of a sewer line in the area. They also demanded repair of roads and streetlights before Dussehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760505", "title": "Govt set to end garbage woes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Under severe pressure from the high court, the government seems to have decided to find an end to the city's mounting garbage problem.Seeking the co-operation of all in clearing the garbage, chief minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday said the authorities concerned had chalked out a plan to clean the city.Though he refused to elaborate on the plan, Chandy said it would be implemented only after taking into account the issues local residents had raised.\"The government is under severe criticism from the high court regarding the issue. We need to act,\" he told reporters after a cabinet meeting.Reiterating that the absence of a successful garbage treatment model was the sole issue that has been fuelling protests against such projects, the chief minister said the people's attitude would change once the proposed modern plants at Brahmapuram and Chalai become a reality., the attitude of the people will be change.\"We are thinking of ways to process the waste generated by cities in cities itself. We can't take garbage to villages. We won't create problem to any family,\" he said.Chandy played safe when asked if the scheme meant taking garbage to Vilappilsala. \"Whatever may be the reply, it will invite trouble,\" he said.The Vilappilsala issue and the high court's criticism of the government were discussed in detail, sources privy to the cabinet meeting said.\"The first option will be to transport garbage to the shortlisted quarry sites. Transporting equipment for the leachate plant to Vilappilsala, as suggested by the HC, is also being considered,\" a source said.Chief Minister Oommen Chandy has sought the cooperation of all in removing the heaps of waste piled up in the capital. While talking to reporters after the cabinet meeting, Chandy said it was decided to clear the city of all the piled up garbage and a scheme for it has been prepared by the authorities concerned.Refusing to divulge the details of the plan, Chandy said all issues raised by locals regarding garbage dumping will be taken into account while the new plan is executed. \"The government is under severe criticism from the High Court regarding the issue. We need to act,\" he said.Asserting the line of the government that the absence of a successful model of garbage treatment is the only issue that fuels local protest against such projects in the state, Chandy said when the proposed modern plants at Brahmapuram and Chalai become a reality, the attitude of the people will be change. \"We are thinking about ways to process the waste generated by cities in cities itself. We can't take garbage to villages. We won't create problem for any family,\" he said.When asked whether the scheme meant taking garbage to Vilappilsala, Chandy evaded a reply. \"Whatever may be the reply, it will invite trouble,\" he said.Sources in the government said the Vilappilsala issue and the High Court criticism was discussed in detail in the cabinet meeting. \"The first option will be to transport garbage to the shortlisted quarry sites. Transporting equipment for the leachate plant to Vilappilsala as suggested by the HC is also being considered,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760106", "title": "Traffic jams extend till Mahipalpur", "text": "GURGAON: The 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway witnessed a massive traffic jam on Wednesday morning as hundreds of residents gathered to protest against the closing of the U-turn towards Ambience Mall. \"How many times am I supposed to pay toll just to reach home? The journey also consumes a lot more time,\" said Chattar Singh, a resident of Ambience Lagoon. Another commuter, Ashish Jain, a resident of DLF II said, \"It is sheer harassment of the public. Things are not organized in a proper manner.\"Trouble began at 9.30am when many Ambience residents parked their cars haphazardly on the U-turn at the end of Udyog Vihar flyover, blocking traffic movement. Many protestors, including senior citizens, stood near the toll plaza holding up posters asking for a way to go home. Protesters blocked the expressway for around an hour which triggered major snarls, particularly on the Delhi side where the tailback extended till Radisson Hotel near Mahipalpur. As the traffic jam crossed the 400-metre line set by the Punjab and Haryana high court in its latest order, the boom barriers were opened for around 20 minutes.Gurgaon police resorted to mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd from the main carriageway. Protesters, however, didn't budge and demanded removal of the blockade. On Tuesday, thousands of commuters were affected by the court order which banned an \"L-turn\" to go towards Ambience Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760517", "title": "BSP leader held on charges of killing wife for dowry", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Bahujan Samaj Party leader was arrested along with his family members after he allegedly killed his wife for dowry in Indiranagar on Tuesday night. The 30-year-old woman was identified as Dipti Srivastava, wife of Devesh Srivastava, a resident of Sector 14, Indiranagar. Dipti's father alleged in the FIR that she was killed for dowry but police said they found her body hanging and that her husband had gone to attend Mayawati's rally at the time of the incident.Indiranagar police, however, said postmortem report confirmed cause of death as ante-mortem hanging, hinting that the woman might have committed suicide. Her father Ramesh Chandra Srivastava, a native of Allahabad, stated in the FIR that Dipti came to them after continuous harassment at the hands of Devesh and his family members. She had come to her in-law's house on October 1 to attend the last rites of her father-in-law.On the complaint of Srivastava, police arrested Devesh, his brothers Avneesh and Pramesh. Police said, Ramesh had also named Devesh's mother Lata and his sisters Chandni and Ragini in the FIR.Srivastava said Dipti was married to Devesh in 2008 and he had given dowry in his daughter's wedding according to his status. Devesh and his family members started harassing her for more. He tried to fulfill their demands as much as he could, stated Srivastava, but Devesh and his family members continued to harass her, he added. They beat and abusing her and unable to put up with their extremes, he finally took Dipti with her to Allahabad anticipating threat to her life.He tried to convince in-laws of Dipti, who has a two-year-old son, but in vain. On October 1, he received the news of Dipti's father-in-law's demise and came with her to Lucknow. After attending the last rites, when Ramesh decided to leave along with his daughter, her in-laws insisted that he leave her with them.On their request, Ramesh left Dipti and her son back. On October 9, Dipti called up her mother and told her amid tears that she was being tortured by her in-laws again. Later in the day, his son Bunty called up on Dipti's number. The call was answered by Devesh who informed him about Dipti's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761077", "title": "Property brawl claims film producer Sajid Nadiadwala\u2019s father-in-law", "text": "MUMBAI: Film producer Sajid Nadiadwala's father-in-law died after a scuffle with his nephew just outside the latter's fourth floor flat on Tuesday. The nephew, Shahjeb pushed 65-year-old Aziz Khan so forcefully that he fell through the stairwell.Khan died while under treatment at a private hospital. Khan had a property dispute with his younger brother, Khalid, father of Shahjeb. The brothers live in separate flats of Saurabh Apartment at Seven Bungalows in Versova along with their families. Khalid (50) is in the real estate business. Khan's daughter Wardha is married to Nadiadwala.On Tuesday, around 10am, Khan went to Khalid's fourth-floor residence to discuss the property dispute. Khan repeatedly knocked on the door but no one answered. After a while Shahjeb opened the door and told Khan that his father was not at home before closing the door.Khan again knocked on the door believing that Khalid was avoiding any discussion. This time, Shahjeb opened the door and told his uncle that Khalid was out of town.Wanting to verify it for himself, Khan tried to enter the house. Shahjeb blocked him and tried to close the door. Even as Khan and Shahjeb had a heated argument, the latter started to push his uncle out of the house. Khan then fell through the stairwell.The building residents witnessed the argument and alerted the Khan family about it. Khan's son along with the building residents took Khan to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital. Khan sustained serious injuries and died after few hours. The Versova police has registered a case of murder and arrested Shahjeb from his house.DCP (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar said, \"Shahjeb pushed Khan from the passage of the fourth floor. Khan told his son about it before his death. We recorded his son's statement and booked the accused in the murder case.\"The police said that they enquired with the building residents and other witnesses and concluded that except Shahjeb, no other family member was involved in the crime.The police produced Shahjeb before the court on Wednesday and he has been remanded in police custody till October 15.Nadiadwala told TOI, \"My father-in-law was taken to the hospital in a serious condition on Tuesday. I was out of town and rushed back but he had passed away. My family is in a state of shock and I have been busy with the hospital formalities and the last rites. I will meet the investigating officer to know what actually transpired between the two of them.'' Nadiadwala, however, added that he was not aware of any property dispute between his father-in-law and his brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760601", "title": "Cops accuse victim\u2019s husband of masterminding Palwal murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have detained the chief of circulation of a well-known business magazine, claiming he had masterminded the murder of his 38-year-old wife, Satvinder, whose body was found near Palwal on the Delhi-Agra highway, two weeks ago.The police said on Wednesday they have clinching evidence to arrest Mukesh Lakhanpal for his wife's murder.\"We have conclusive evidence that Lakhanpal planned and executed the murder. We have detained him and his arrest will be made very soon. He had hired three men to carry out the murder,'' said SP (Palwal) Jagat Singh Hooda. A hunt is on for the three killers, who had tied up Lakhanpal while killing Satvinder.Police said Mukesh was in the centre of suspicion from day one because of his inconsistent statements. \"He finally broke down and said he had asked the three men to stop at a designated place once they crossed the Tumasera highway toll while returning from Agra,\" said a source.Cops refused to speculate on the motive for the murder. \"We will question Mukesh to establish the exact reasons why he decided to murder his wife,\" the source said. Sources claimed the murder was well-planned. Once the accused reached the designated spot - about 600 metres from the toll booth - he parked his car claiming he needed to relieve himself. The three men then took Satvinder to the fields and murdered her, cops said.The accused had decided to dump the body somewhere else but abandoned the plan after the car's tyres got stuck in the fields. The accused then tied up Mukesh to a tree in an effort to pass it off as a highway robbery, police said.The police said Mukesh got trapped in his own statements. \"In the beginning, he had once spoken of four men instead of three and had even claimed he was driving towards Agra (there are U-turns in the area) and then changed his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762217", "title": "Highways ministry asks private contractors to protect public interest", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent reports of courts coming to the rescue of commuters and suspending toll or questioning the logic of levying toll without ensuring good service has prompted the highways ministry to advise contractors to protect public interest to avoid such eventualities.Road transport and highways secretary A K Upadhyaya on Wednesday said that in case of projects executed under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode, the most crucial aspect is protecting public interest. He said that though some of the judicial interventions are \"not in conformity with the contract\" norms, in democracy various agencies would intervene if public interest is not protected.\"There are bound to be such interventions. So, contractors must keep in mind the need to protect public interest,\" the secretary said. Recently, the Punjab &amp; Haryana high court had suspended toll collection at Delhi-Gurgaon border on the expressway while hearing a case of traffic snarls on the tolled stretch. In yet another case, the Supreme Court had sought reply from the Centre on the rational behind charging toll on stretches like Panipat-Jalandhar on NH-1, where services have worsened since the expansion work started.Upadhyaya also asked the engineers whether the independent consultants (ICs) appointed by both the private contractor and highway agencies play neutral role.The role of ICs, who are paid 50:50 by both the parties, is crucial to ensure that the projects are executed as per the contract norms. However, in the recent times, their roles have come under scanner with allegations being made that they are more inclined to private developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761748", "title": "College union elections: Campaigns end on a colourful note", "text": "KOCHI: On the last day of campaigning for elections in colleges affiliated to the MG University, the candidates tried to woo voters by drawing their attention to the problems in the education sector and the political system through popular art forms.While the Students Federation of India (SFI) organized theyyam, the Kerala Students Union (KSU) conducted chenda melam to mark the conclusion of the fortnight-long campaign.A three-hour theyyam dance was held at the Government Law College on Wednesday. SFI district secretary Adarsh said: \"We are competing in the election to make college campuses secular. We will also protest against fee hike and setting up of more private colleges at a time when seats in government colleges remain vacant.\"KSU has been focusing on the T P Chandrasekharan murder and other political killings. \"We are trying to make students aware of the heinous nature of the political killings in the state. We have been conducting rallies and chenda melam,\" said KSU district secretary Tittu Anthony.The major campuses in the city where elections are to be held are Government Law College, Maharaja's College, Thevara Sacred Hearts College, Thrikkakara Bharat Matha College and St Albert's College.The college union elections will be conducted on Friday in both presidential and parliamentary systems amid tight security. In the presidential system, mainly followed in government colleges, students elect the union representatives through general polls. In the parliamentary system, followed mainly in private colleges, the union leaders are elected by class representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760283", "title": "Footnote birthed tall buildings", "text": "PANAJI: High-rise residential buildings soared into Panaji's skyline in the last few years as builders took advantage of a footnote in the planning development authority (PDA) rules 2000 to secure larger floor area ratio (FAR). The buildings, entirely residential, came up in areas marked commercial and coloured blue in the outline development plan (ODP).While there is nothing illegal about this, citizens say town and country planning department officials and politicians teamed up and at the behest of builders converted residential areas to commercial areas to allow the higher FAR.The footnote stated: In case of C-1 (C=commercial), C-2, C-3 and C-4, residential use shall be permitted on upper floors and ground floor above stilts. The footnote, that was not in the draft PDA rules of 2000, appeared on the finalized version and allowed builders to construct high-rise residential buildings in commercial areas, sources said.Instances of such use of commercial area include Taleigao village which has a large number of high-rise gated residential complexes. Miramar that has quite a large institutional area is another example as it has tall residential buildings next to the institutions dwarfing the institutions and marring the skyline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760516", "title": "13-year-old boy rescued from Sector 28 house", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Sheeba Apartment complex in Sector 28 has been accused of employing a minor boy as a domestic help. The FIR has been registered and the child sent to a shelter house in Dhankot village. Thirteen-year-old Sudhi (name changed), a native of Darbhanga distrcit of Bihar , was rescued by the state child bureau and Gurgaon police from the house of a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759537", "title": "Dengue cases in Chennai almost double since last year, officials say", "text": "CHENNAI: The northeast monsoon is at least a fortnight away, but doctors say the fever season has begun with hundreds of patients crowding city hospitals with severe viral infections, including dengue, encephalitis, bronchitis and pneumonia.Health department officials have begun to initiate preventive measures against a possible dengue outbreak in the northern and central districts, including Nagapattinam, Thanjavur, Pudukottai and Vellore. On Wednesday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa chaired a meeting where health minister V S Vijay and officials were asked to ensure that doctors and staff in government hospitals and PHCs were adequately trained in treating dengue.\"We are seeing an unusually high number of fever cases, almost double when compared to the last year, in these districts. Senior officials have visited these areas and we are coordinating with local civic agencies for preventing vector breeding,\" Vijay said. Chennai Corporation officials said steps were being taken to prevent transmission of cases from other districts.On Wednesday, three and a-half-year-old Madhumitha of a village near Ponneri, admitted with fever, died at the Institute of Child Health and Hospital in Egmore. Though relatives were told dengue was suspected, doctors said tests weren't positive. On Tuesday, 26-year-old Sathya of Madhavaram died at the Stanley Medical College Hospital of an unknown fever.Infectious diseases experts say that among adults the disease is severe, but rarely fatal.Children's wards in some hospitals have already begun issuing waiting lists for admission. Children are asked to wait in the emergency rooms or in the lobby until more patients are discharged. Paediatricians say viral infections become more severe in smaller children.\"Many children with respiratory tract infections are rushed to hospitals because they become weak after refusing food. They require IV fluids. Some children are wheeled into the ICU as they require oxygen support,\" said Dr Indra Jayakumar, who works at the Apollo Children's Hospital.Doctors are advising parents not to bring children to hospitals as soon as fever begins. \"We ask them to wait for at least 48 hours. If children aren't active or not eating food, dehydrated or have rashes on their body then the can bring them. Else, they would be needlessly exposed to infections,\" said Dr S Balasubramanian, paediatrician, Kanchi Kamakoti Childs Trust Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759540", "title": "Minor girl rescued from rape bid", "text": "CHENNAI: Four youths were arrested on Wednesday on charges of attempting to rape a 15-year-old girl from Jharkhand at Sholavaram near Red Hills on Sunday.A mobile phone belonging to one of the four that was recovered near the crime scene helped police trace the accused. \"We collected the address of Thangaraj, 22, with the help of the SIM number. We questioned him and he confessed,\" Sholavaram inspector Abdul Khader said.Praveena (name changed) of Jharkhand, a cook at a hollow block manufacturing company near Poodhur village close to Sholavaram, was staying with four women in a makeshift tent on the company premises. On Sunday night, Thangaraj, Ezhumalai, 21, Mahendran, 24 and Kotteeswaran, 23, who belonged to Girudala Piram village near Poodhur, went to the tent and gagged the girl. They then took her to a secluded place and attempted to sexually assault her when she screamed. The other employees, most from Jharkhand, woke up and came to the spot. The youths abandoned the girl and fled. The Sholavaram police registered an attempt to rape case.\"We sent the girl to the government hospital in Tiruvallur where doctors confirmed that she was not sexually assaulted. There were bruises on her chest and on her lips,\" an investigation officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761336", "title": "Students hurt in road accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Five students sustained serious injuries after a bus of route 3C/1 rammed into a roadside tree at Anandapur Road near Manjulika apartment under Tiljala police station area on Wednesday. The accident took place after the driver lost control over the wheels. Following this, the front portion of the private bus was damaged.There were 29 passengers in the bus and some pedestrians and footpath dwellers also received injuries. Four passengers were immediately rushed to Ruby General Hospital, while 23 were released after being provided with first-aid at a local hospital. Of the remaining passengers, one has been shifted to a nearby hospital by his relatives, while the other is under observation.The students, who sustained injuries, were Baby Bag (13), Priya Mondal (13) Paramita Sarkar (19), Sumita Mukheerjee (11) and Sourav Barik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16761766", "title": "Former Madurai collector accused in granite scam, shifted", "text": "MADURAI: The former district collector of Madurai, accused in the granite scam, is now the director of social defence government of Tamil Nadu , and this was disclosed to the court by the advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan.Petitioner V Anbalagan, who had also filed a petition seeking a CBI inquiry into the granite scam pointed out that the DVAC had sought permission to inquire into the allegations against N Mathivanan, the former collector of Madurai, and that he should be restrained from functioning as the joint secretary of industries, a new office to which he had been appointed on September 27.Counsel for the petitioner said that it was surprising that an officer who had been accused in the granite scam was given such a high post, when there was every possibility that he could tamper with the records.Navaneethakrishnan, who appeared before the bench comprising Justices P P S Janaradhanaraja and N Duraisamy said that N Mathivanan had not taken up the post of joint secretary of industries and had been now appointed as the director for social defence.Justices Janaradhanaraja and Duraisamy ordered issue of notice to the directors of CBI, enforcement and director of the minerals board, government of India and posted the case to November 9.Meanwhile, the investigation officer in the granite quarry scam cases DSP Thangavelu filed a petition before the magistrate court in Melur seeking a warrant to arrest the persons accused in the scam including Durai Dhayanidhi, his associate Nagarajan and also the son-in-law of the owner of PRP Granites in connection with the scam. The magistrate posted the petition to October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16762208", "title": "US zoo offers a swim with tiger cubs at $200", "text": "NEW YORK: Have a penchant for the bizarre? Try taking a dip with tigers as a private zoo in the US is charging visitors $200 to spend half an hour swimming and playing with cubs. Visitors can spend half an hour swimming with tiger cubs like Tony, an eight-week-old tiger cub, for $ 200, at Dade City's 'Wild Things' zoo outside Tampa, Florida.The zoo charges an additional $10 for anyone who wants to watch the encounter. The $200 per person price includes a CD with photos and videos of the experience \"including action shots and posed shots in the water with your cub,\" according to the zoo's website.It's an experience that 'Wild Things' director Kathy Stearns said leaves almost everyone stunned. \"People are amazed at how similar they are to house cats,\" Stearns was quoted by the New York Daily News as saying. Few people know how much tigers like to swim, that they have webbed feet and very distinct personalities, she said. Baby Tony's personality is \"very laid back\", Stearns said. He likes rolling around on his lap and rubbing up against visitors' legs. And he hasn't caused any trouble yet, she said. Stearns, who said she came up with the idea for the tiger swims, explained that the zoo has not had any close calls with the kids, adults or seniors. Tigers like Tony are allowed to swim with visitors until they weigh 40 pounds. Once they hit 25 pounds, they must be on leashes, she said.They also offer visitors the chance to swim with alligators who have their mouths taped shut, which Stearns said is used as an educational opportunity. And none of the animals are made to do things they don't want to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760867", "title": "Now, sensors to check shoddy paver block work", "text": "MUMBAI: After being panned for poor quality of paver blocks used to build roads and footpaths, the BMC has decided to transfer the heat on contractors and manufacturers.At a meeting held on Monday with 12 paver block manufacturers, the civic body asked them to instal sensors on their vehicles, which are used to transport paver blocks to contractors.The civic body has given the manufacturers a 15-day deadline to instal the Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system, which has various elements that track vehicle location and quality of the material. In case a manufacturing company fails to instal the system in the stipulated time, the civic body plans to de-register it.The BMC-appointed third party auditor for road work, SGS, had pointed out that a contractor had used sub-standard quality of paver blocks and had also submitted a fabricated bill of Rs 70 crore for the work. Citizens, too, have been complaining about the poor quality of paver blocks and contractors not following the proper procedure while laying them.Civic officials say that paver blocks are a good option for building roads if they are made well, their compressive and structural strength is taken care of and the norms to lay them are followed. The BMC uses 60mm thick paver blocks for footpaths, 80mm thick for side strips and 100mm thick for carriageway.\"If the sensors and GPS tracking are installed by the manufacturers on their vehicles, we would be able to check vehicle location to verify if the paver blocks are being mixed with inferior quality ones,\" said a senior civic official.Chief engineer (roads) G M Aggarwal confirmed that all manufacturers have been asked to instal the system. Until then, no contractor will be allowed to buy material from them.The BMC has reduced the scope of paver block usage as it has decided to use mastic asphalt for side strips and junctions. Of the total road contracts worth Rs 1,400 crore to be given away this year, approximately Rs 350 crore will be spent on laying paver blocks.BOXPaver blocks are used on at least 120 km of roads in the cityThe BMC uses 60mm thick paver blocks for footpaths, 80mm thick for side stripes and 100mm thick for carriagewayOn an average, the civic body spends Rs 100 crore every year to lay paver blocks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759799", "title": "Six get jail terms for killing tenant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced six persons, including a woman, to varying jail terms of up to eight years for attacking and unintentionally killing a man while trying to force him and his family to vacate a house.Additional sessions judge Neena Bansal Krishna sentenced Uttar Pradesh residents Ashok and Raj Kumar along with south Delhi residents Ramveer, Kamla, Jamaluddin and Luvkush for beating the complainant Satish and stabbing his brother Bhagwati to death over a property dispute. The judge sentenced all the convicts to varying jail terms after convicting them under section 304-Part I (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of Indian Penal Code.\"Convict Ashok is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of eight years... Kamla is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of five years... Luvkush is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of four years.\"Ramveer is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of six years. Jamaluddin is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of five years. Rajkumar is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a period of eight years,\" the judge said rejecting their counsel's plea for leniency.According to the prosecution, Satish and his family had been living as tenants in convict Kamla's house in south Delhi and had paid an amount of Rs 80,000 in two installments for purchasing the house from her.However, Kamla had subsequently refused to transfer the house in their name and had told them to vacate the house or face dire consequences, it had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760239", "title": "Loans under chief minister's rozgar yojana scheme hiked", "text": "PANAJI: As assured by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in his budget speech , the government has enhanced loans advanced under the chief minister's rozgar yojana (CMRY) scheme.S P Bhat, managing director of the economic development corporation (EDC), which implements the scheme, confirmed to TOI that the government has already enhanced the loan amounts under the CMRY.The loan amount under CMRY has been enhanced from 4 lakh to 15 lakh for non-technical persons and from 6 lakh to 20 lakh for professionals and technically qualified persons. The income limit of the applicants and their spouses has also been raised from 80,000 per annum to 3 lakh per annum.The CMRY is a loan scheme sponsored by the government of Goa and implemented by the Goa economic development corporation since 2001. It aims to boost self-employment and to curb the problem of unemployment in Goa. Applicants must belong to the age bracket of 18 to 40 years with five years relaxation given to reserved categories. Applicants need to be at least VIII standard pass but this is relaxable in deserving cases.Since 2001 till September 2012, EDC had sanctioned loans under CMRY to about 4,500 persons amounting to 82.72 crore. Of this, 71.16 crore has actually been disbursed and recovery of loans is 84%.Sources said that all beneficiaries of the CMRY automatically become eligible to a scheme called the \"share capital assistance to self employed\" of the department of industries, trade and commerce (DITC). Under this, 50% of the project cost is financed as interest free share capital through DITC.This limit also stands enhanced from 2 lakh to 8 lakh for non-technical persons and from 3 lakh to 10 lakh for professional and technically qualified persons.In addition to the 50% project cost, SC/ST applicants will get another 30% as interest free share capital through department (for scheduled caste) and through directorate of tribal welfare (for scheduled tribes), sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761157", "title": "Three-day B-school fest kicks off", "text": "MUMBAI: Pillai's Institute of Management Studies and Research, New Panvel, inaugurated its state-level inter-collegiate festival, Nirmiti, on Wednesday. The three-day festival will see participation of more than 8,000 students from across the state.\"On the first day, we organized events like 'Sky Scraper' to test balancing skill and patience and 'Ad O Mania', where creativity and marketing ability were testedand their ideas were judged by a panel of judges,\" said Sneha Raman from the institute. Director Vijayaraghavan Iyengar and associate director DC Pai were also present. the part of the inauguration festival. The other events held on Wednesday today included quiz junction, robo war, street play, musical skit, beat feat, war of DJs, box cricket, rink football and more.National Institute of Industrial Engineering (NITIE), will also organize their fest, Prerana, from October 16. The five-day fest usually reaches out to 75,000 people from colleges and corporates. More than 25 pre-placements interviews are on offer for students. The prize money for the event is more than Rs ten lakh. a million. There is a summer project contest, a case-study challenge, business quiz and several other competitions to test the business skills of participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759400", "title": "Soon, 3 years jail for porn MMSs, indecent emails", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday is likely to consider amendments to the law governing indecent portrayal of women, aiming to make life tougher for those who forward pornographic MMSs or emails by increasing fines, jail terms and including electronic content within the ambit of the legislation.If the changes moved by the ministry of women and child development to the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986 are approved, the fine will be increased from Rs 2,000 to a minimum of Rs 50,000 going up to Rs 1 lakh and the prison term will go up from two years to a maximum of three years. The law will be updated for the first time in 26 years to include electronic content, keeping in view the proliferation of smart phones, computers and other electronic devices.Besides enhanced penalties, the proposal also seeks to define the meaning of the term \"publish\" to include preparing and making content available for the print and the electronic media. The original Act only covered the print media and prohibited indecent portrayal of women through advertisement, publication, writing or painting.The WCD ministry has also expanded the definition of indecent representation of women to include \"depiction of women as a sexual object, which appeals to the prurient interest\". The new definition makes the intent of the portrayal specific.The existing Act defines indecent portrayal as depiction of the figure, form, body or any part of a woman which denigrates women or is likely to injure public morality. The proposed amendment, once approved, will empower police officer of inspector and above rank to conduct search and seizure. At present, only officers authorized by the state government can conduct search and seizure. This additional change will ensure better enforcement of the proposed law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762193", "title": "Plan spend cut to save over Rs 40,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is hopeful of saving more than Rs 40,000 crore in plan expenditure in the current fiscal by cutting down on budgeted spending, a top finance ministry official said. The cut in plan expenditure has become necessary owing to sluggish growth in revenue realization and near flat industrial production.Already, ministries have been asked to make a restrained release of funds towards the end of the fiscal. They have been cautioned against lumping expenditure in the last quarter or in the last month of the fiscal as was the case in several ministries last year.The finance ministry official said initial estimates suggested that the savings would be more than last year when the savings in plan expenditure was Rs 35,000 crore. \"This year, there has been more than 22% increase in the plan outlay and savings are expected to be more going by the payment outflows so far,\" he said.Accordingly, the government's borrowings may also be planned, the official said. The ministry is, however, staring at a huge shortfall in its revenue collection and savings on plan expenditure may not be enough to fill the gap created by shortfall in tax collection.The official said savings on account of austerity measures announced earlier, in comparison, would be minuscule. Cutting down on foreign travel of ministers and official delegations and a ban on creation of plan and non-plan posts is likely to result in saving of around Rs 1,000 crore, the official said.The finance ministry has conveyed to ministries that they will have to adhere to the guidelines of restricting expenditure during the last quarter of the financial year to 33%, and during the month of March to 15% of the allocated budget.In some cases, the lumping of expenditure was quite inexplicable. A review of government accounts for 2010-11, the latest available, showed that at least eight government departments had spent between 40% and 65% of their total outlay in the last month of the fiscal.That year, two government departments incurred expenditure of 60% of their total outlay on March 31, the last day of the fiscal, raising adverse audit remarks on the quality of expenditure.Even the Kelkar committee report, which the government is trying to use as its roadmap for meeting the budgeted fiscal deficit target, has suggested reducing plan expenditure from Rs 5.21 lakh crore to 4.87 lakh crore, making a savings of Rs 33,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759521", "title": "Court refuses to gag godman\u2019s ex-disciple", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has declined to gag godman Nithyananda's former disciple S Aarthi Rao, who has accused him of sexual abuse, saying his right to privacy was very limited since the matter was in public domain.Justice K Chandru, refusing to restrain Rao, Sethumadavan and Lenin Karuppan from issuing statements and levelling allegations against Nithyananda, said that the godman himself was making use of various mass and social media forums to criticise the trio.\"Nithyananda, even after filing the suit, has used the media, both print and visual, as well as social networking sites, and even posted several questions for Arathi Rao to answer, and has been liberally giving interviews. A person who comes to court seeking the relief of equity must also behave himself and not violate the very principle on which the relief was sought.\"Nithyananda had sought an interim injunction restraining the three and their representatives from making statements, conducting panel discussions, giving interviews and exhibiting or broadcasting reports and clippings referring to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761145", "title": "Cheap homes to rule GIHED show", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the offerings of developers at this soon-to-be-held property show are anything to go by then it's the city's periphery where the realty is buzzing. Gujarat Institute of Housing &amp; Estate Developers (GIHED) property show beginning this week will have around 70 city developers showcasing their residential, commercial and plotting projects.However, unlike earlier when with GIHED show several developers launched their residential and commercial projects, the number of launches this year has gone down. Organizers said that this year, around 20 projects will be launched and majority of them will be affordable housing projects.\"Last year, most of the residential units on sale during the show were for the higher income group. However, with action shifting to Ahmedabad's periphery, affordable housing projects are in majority this year. This year most housing projects will be in the range of Rs 15 lakh to Rs 50 lakh. However, last year it was between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 1 crore,\" said GIHED vice-president Dipak Patel.Out of the total 135 residential projects, which will be on display during the show, most of them are in areas like Gota, Vasihnovedi Circle, Nikol, Bavla, Vastral and between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar.\"The show reflects the trends in Ahmedabad's property market. With land parcels within the city getting expensive, developers had started looking at the periphery of Ahmedabad which not only attracts people from within the city but also those migrating here and looking for affordable housing,\" said Rajesh Vaswani of Venus Infrastructure.A recent Cushman &amp; Wakefield report on real estate said that the traditional middle-range housing and migrant population is going to set the rules for Ahmedabad's real estate market. The report said that Ahmedabad will see a fresh demand of 1,73,394 residential units for 2012-16. The report pegs the current supply of houses in Ahmedabad at 51,000 residential units.According to the report, the demand in the city will be driven by inhabitants and migrant population. It says the migrant population, which will be pulled by industrial activity on Ahmedabad's periphery, will drive demand in the high-end segment. Ahmedabad will see a gap of 31% in supply in mid-range segment and 22% in the high-end. It says that the current under-construction and planned supply is mostly geared towards high-end.\"Unlike other cities, there is a demand for right-priced houses in the city. In the last eight months, affordable housing schemes launched by Arvind in Santej and Adani behind Vasihnovedi Temple sold like hot cakes. Till the zoning rules are changed and Ahmedabad's new development plan is announced, most developers will look at affordable housing projects,\" said a city-based developer.Climbing on Banyan TreeFor city-based developers, Vadodara seems to be the new found love. As in a growing trend, several city-based developers are looking at Vadodara and its outskirts for residential and commercial projects. The GIHED property show will have three Ahmedabad-based developers showcasing their Vadodara-based projects. Realty experts suggest that due to over supply of high-end housing schemes in Ahmedabad, city-based realtors are looking at other cities including Vadodara and Rajkot to launch schemes for higher income groups. The show will have city-based Pacifica Companies, Bakeri Group and Venus Infrastructure which will be showcasing their hi-end villa and apartment schemes at the show. Arvind is also looking at setting up a township in Vadodara and has even acquired land for a housing project.Feeling the pinchWith sluggish property demand, mostly for commercial and hi-end residential projects, developers unlike earlier have left behind the idea of meager brand promotion during the show. With events like direct interaction with the developers and keeping a record of all visitors, realtors are desperately looking at turning the footfalls at show into sales. However, despite the economic slowdown, GIHED property show organizers have got a 35% rise in their revenues. The show organizers have managed to raise Rs 6 crore from sponsors and participating developers. Last year, the income from the show was Rs 4.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761358", "title": "Govt hikes minimum wages of labourers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After three years, the Odisha government has increased minimum wages payable to different categories, including agricultural labourers. The new wages will come into immediate effect, official sources said on Wednesday.The minimum wage for unskilled category has gone up from Rs 90 a day to Rs 150. Similarly, for semi-skilled, skilled and highly skilled groups the daily wage has been fixed at Rs 170, Rs 190 and Rs 205 respectively. Earlier, it was Rs 103, Rs 116 and Rs 129 for semi-skilled, skilled and highly skilled workers respectively.The state government has for the first time decided on minimum wage for agricultural workers. It has been fixed at Rs 126 (non-ploughing) and Rs 150 (ploughing).Official sources said the minimum wages were revised in tune with recommendations of the Wage Advisory Board. The revision would benefit an estimated 1.2 crore workers engaged in 83 scheduled employments, including those working with contractors.Sources said the workers would be entitled to get a special allowance called variable dearness allowance of Rs 2.50 a day after every two years or on each 50-point jump in All India Consumer Price Index.For the past few months, political leaders and trade unions had been demanding a hike in minimum wages. Some trade unionists had sought that the minimum wage for unskilled category be made Rs 200 daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759804", "title": "Feticide claimed 3 million in the last decade: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's love for a male child has led to cold-blooded murder of three million girl children over the last decade.By government's own admission, the ministry of statistics and programme implementation in its latest report on state of children says three million girl children have gone missing in 2011 compared to 2001.Even as the world celebrates the maiden \" International Day of the Girl Child\", India doesn't seem to be the best place for a girl child.Earlier, studies have said five-lakh lakh girls a year or 2,000 go missing in India daily due to female feticide. In families, where one girl child already exists, the chances of a second girl being born are as low as 54%.In a family with two female children, the chances of a third girl being born is as low as 20%.The ministry says that while the size of child population in the age group (0-6 years) is declining, the share of girls in 0-6 age bracket is declining faster than that of boys in the same age group. There are now 48 fewer girls per 1,000 boys than in 1981.The decadal decline in population was also more for female children (3.8%) than male kids (2.4%) in the 0-6 age group.Female children in India continue to get a raw deal in most cases.Consider, India's infant mortality rate (IMR).IMR has declined for males from 78 in 1990 to 46 in 2010 and for females the dip was from 81 to 49 during this period. IMR among female children is higher in most of the years. The per year decline in IMR was 1.6 points for both males and females, and the percentage decline in female and male IMR are 39.5% and 41.02%, respectively, during the last two decades.Nearly 62% of the male children aged 12-23 months have received full immunization, while among the females it was only about 60%.Crimes against girl children also increased substantially in 2011.Among the IPC crimes, an increase of 43% was registered in kidnapping and abduction, while rape cases were increased by 30%, trafficking of minor girls recorded an increase of 27% and feticide reported an increase of 19% over 2010.Altogether, 7,112 cases of child rape were reported in the country last year as compared to 5,484 in 2010.Also, 132 cases of feticide were reported in 2011.The 27% increase in the crime of trafficking of minor girls (862 cases in 2011 compared to 679 cases in 2010) is also very disturbing.India, which has a population of 1.21 billion, is next only to China (1.35 billion) as the most populous country in the world. According to the report, India represents almost 17.31% of the world's population, which means one out of six persons on this planet live in India.The report says, \"Every year, an estimated 26 millions of children are born in India which is nearly four million more than the population of Australia. It is significant that while an absolute increase of 181 million in the country's population has been recorded during the decade 2001-2011, there is a reduction of 5.05 millions in the population of children aged 0-6 years during this period. The decline in male children is 2.06 million and in female children is 2.99 millions. The share of Children (0-6 years) in the total population has showed a decline of 2.8 points in 2011, compared to Census 2001.\" According to estimates, in 2011, the total number of children in the 0-6 age group is reported as 158.79 million, which is down by 3.1% compared to the child population in 2001 at 163.84 million.The share of children (0-6 years) to the total population is 13.1% in 2011, whereas the corresponding figures for male and female children are 13.3% and 12.9%, respectively. Now, around 20 states and Union Territories have over one million children in the 0-6 age bracket. Uttar Pradesh (29.7 million), Bihar (18.6 million), Maharashtra (12.8 million), Madhya Pradesh (10.5 million) and Rajasthan (10.5 million) constitute 52% children in the 0-6 age group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761338", "title": "Surprise transfer for SSKM doctor", "text": "KOLKATA: After Dr S P Ghorai of Bangur Institute of Neurology and Dr Mrinal Kanti Chatterjee of West Bengal University of Health Sciences (WBUHS), Dr Arun Singh, who was serving as the neonatology head at the Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research (IPGMER), was given a transfer order on Tuesday evening.Singh received the order from the state health department saying that he was released from SSKM Hospital and transferred to Sagar Dutta Medical College and Hospital in North 24-Parganas. Singh's 'abrupt' transfer in the midst of a project and his brainchild - a centre of excellence - has surprised many in the medical fraternity.\"Dr Singh is one of the few government doctors who has refused to be swayed away by lucrative private practices. He worked whole time in his department for sick newborns passionately and tirelessly. Is this the reward for his full-time dedication to his department? Is this fair to transfer him to a place where there is no neonatology wing?\" wondered a fellow professor at IPGMER.After joining the department in 2000, Singh had taken many pioneering initiatives at the SSKM. He was one of the main brains behind the Purulia district hospital, that reduced infant mortality rate (IMR) in the district to about 54% in its first year of operations. The sick neonatal care unit (SNCU) became famous as Purulia model in the country. Singh had brought in new technologies, innovations and most importantly, quality newborn care in the government sector in the lines of health care in Norway, where IMR is the lowest in the world. Singh has also helped states like Rajasthan, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa to set up Purulia models to bring down IMR.While West Bengal has an infant mortality rate of about 35 per 1000 live births, the IMR in SSKM's neonatology wing is just about 15 per 1000 live births. A breast milk bank, perhaps the only of its kind in the country, a newborn care research centre are some of the initiatives taken by him at the SSKM. Now, a project on a state-of-the art neonatology wing is underway. A brainchild of Singh, the project with Rs 8 crore funds from the Centre is yet to become fully functional. Ready with 100 NICU beds, this unit will have facilities like neonatal brain and cardiac surgery, vision tenting and collaboration with IIT to develop own instrument etc.\"The centre of excellence for neonatology that is nowhere in the country was Dr Singh's brainchild. His transfer from the department before this project materialises is a blow to the project,\" said a doctor from the department. \"I am too small a person. The institution is bigger than me. All I want is to have a centre, which will not let the newborns die and where newborns do not die and parents do not have to sell houses to treat their newborns,\" said Singh.Dr Asit Biswas, spokesperson at Swasthya Bhawan, said: \"This matter is yet to come to my knowledge. So, I am not in a position to comment.\"Earlier, Dr Ghorai, the former director of Bangur Institute of Neurology, was suspended after chief minister Mamata Banerjee's surprise visit to the hospital. Chatterjee, the ex pro-vice chancellor of West Bengal University of Health Sciences (WBUHS), was removed from the post about two weeks ago as he reportedly refused to toe the political lines.when pressurised to pass four undergraduate students of Burdwan Medical College. The axe now has fallen on Dr Arun Singh who was serving as the neonatology head at Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research (IPGMER).Singh received an order from the state health department on Tuesday evening that said that was released from SSKM and instructed to join Sagar Dutta Medical College and Hospital in North 24 Parganas. Singh's abrupt transfer in the midst of a project, a centre of excellence (his brainchild) has come as a shock to many in the medical fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759668", "title": "9,800 villages get funds for sustainable development", "text": "NAGPUR: Rural development ministry has sanctioned around Rs300 crore for sustainable development of 9,802 villages in the state under Ecologically Balanced Prosperous Village Scheme (EBPVS). The villages have been selected on the basis of their performance under the scheme in 2011-12.An official in Nagpur zilla parishad (ZP) said that the money will be utilized for nurseries and planting trees, treating village sewage water, installing solar street lights and use of renewable energy in other sectors etc. \"The population of villages is growing. Many villagers have become prosperous and all this is creating a pressure on the environment. As natural resources are limited, the development of villages has to be sustainable. EBPVS has been devised with this aim in mind. The money is sanctioned by government to ZPs, which provide it to the selected gram panchayats through real time gross settlement (RTGS) mode,\" he said.The official further said that the scheme was launched in August 2010. \"The government sanctions funds to only those villages that meet the targets. Some 2,378 villages met the target set for first year (2010-11) in 2011-12 while 7,424 met the target for second year (2011-12) in the same year. The government has sanctioned Rs75.66 crore for the former and Rs224.47 crore for the latter.\"According to the official, some gram panchayats had met the targets set for 2010-11 in that year itself. They were sanctioned an amount of Rs29.75 crore in 2011-12. \"The performance-based funding is showing results and more villages have expedited the execution of EBPVS.\"The first instalment of EBPVS funds worth Rs150 crore for this year have already been disbursed to ZPs. The rural development ministry has kept Rs3 crore for publicity of the scheme.The chief executive officer of ZP is the nodal officer for the scheme. He has to ensure that the funds sanctioned to gram panchayats are actually utilized for the designated purpose and then issues a utilization certificate (UC). This UC is submitted to the auditor general's office and a copy is sent to the rural development ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760341", "title": "Fearing trouble, officials avoid filling purchase forms", "text": "BHOPAL: Health officials in government hospitals are fighting shy of filling up form for medicine and equipment purchase! For well over three months, director health has not received any fresh demand from any health centre for medicine and equipment from the department, the image of which over last couple of years took a hard knock in the wake of scams. Reason: once a 30-point purchase form is filled, it will fix accountability and it will be difficult to evade action in case something goes wrong.\"I have not received a single request in the prescribed format,\" said public health and family welfare director Dr Sanjay Goel. The form lists basic public procurement principles like need, quality assurance, maintenance, manpower availability and infrastructure availability.\"Simply purchasing expensive machines does not mean better health care. Often machines lie unused as health centres lack adequate staff and infrastructure,\" said Goel.\"Purchases without justified needs are a waste of government money,\" said Goel.Interestingly, 80% of the budget was allocated to districts for medical purchase before Goel joined as director. He replaced A N Mittal, who was overseeing NRHM implementation in the state, and was suspended after income-tax (I-T) raids, which led to the recovery of unaccounted assets, earlier in June.\"There have been instances that training has been imparted and paid for by the government, but the trained manpower is not posted in areas where it is required the most,\" said Goel.Goel served notices to a few health officials citing audit irregularities during procurement.Tie-up with IT deptThe health department has tied up with the department of Information Technology (DIT) to bring about transparency in tendering process. \"All tenders and bids would be available in the public domain. Competing companies would be able to tenders and quotations by other,\" said Goel.Purchase on turnkey basisFollowing steps of state government's department of Bhopal gas tragedy and rehabilitation, the health department too would purchase equipment and machines that would be run on a turnkey basis. Under the scheme the supplier of medical equipment would maintain, run and would be responsible for any breakdown in the services, for period of bond.\"The margins in rural areas differ from the urban one. Our policy would make competitive so that service providers do not entail losses,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759569", "title": "Court rejects bail for staff of theme park", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tiruvallur sessions court on Wednesday dismissed the bail petitions of five staff of EVP World Theme Park arrested in connection with the death of F Afia Magh on October 2. The court also postponed hearing on the anticipatory bail petitions filed by park owners E V Perumal Swamy Reddy and his son E V P Santhosh Reddy to next week.Afia Magh, 22, a flight attendant with Kingfisher Airlines, and her friend A Arnab Kumar Chakravorty, 26, were enjoying a trip in the Octopus joyride at the park when Afia Magh was suddenly thrown out from the seat and fell to her death. Preliminary inquiries revealed that the operators handling the equipment at EVP Amusement Park did not stop the machine quickly enough.Soon, the Nazarathpet police arrested manager in-charge P Raghu alias Raguraman, 37, V Ashokumar, 22, machine operator C Billiam, 22, E Babu, 33, and K Manivannan, 47, for negligence. The later filed for bail. Rejecting their bail petitions, the judge said their negligence had claimed the life of a girl.Counsel for the five employees have planned to file another bail petition before the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16762084", "title": "Surveillance cameras to keep watch on NH 66", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Aiming to curb traffic rule violations on NH 66 and to have a better road management system, the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) will soon install surveillance cameras and fix radars in 33 accident-prone spots on the stretch of the highway from Kozhikode bypass to Kadavallur, near Kunnamkulam in Thrissur.The spots were identified in a survey conducted by the enforcement wing of the MVD.The survey report, which was prepared by a team headed by motor vehicle inspector (MVI) M Dileep Kumar, has been submitted to the mobile enforcement RTO, Thrissur. The recommendations in the report are expected to be implemented soon. The survey was conducted as per a directive by the road transport commissioner.Automatic radars are to be installed near Kadavu Resort on Kozhikode bypass, Thalappara, Irumbumchola, Kulappuram-Kuriyad Road, Poovanchira, Kinfra Junction in Kuttippuram, near Kuttipppuram over-bridge, Kalachal, Chiyanur Padam and Mankulam Straight Road. Automatic surveillance cameras are to be installed in 20 major locations on the stretch.The high-end devices will help police and the MVD record speed and capture the images of the number plate.Dileepkumar said with the help of the hi-tech radars, police could easily identify those over-speeding and driving negligently.\"Unlike the radars in the interceptor vehicles, which have been already introduced across the state, the fixed radars would automatically send the images of the rule-violating vehicles to the respective regional transport offices (RTOs). The RTOs will then send notices to the owners of these vehicles,\" he said.The radar will capture the images of vehicles that are travelling at more than 70 kmph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16761720", "title": "Runaway schoolgirls found at Trichy station", "text": "TRICHY: Five school girls, aged between 13 and 14 years, who had boarded a Madurai-bound train at Chennai Egmore, were saved from the clutches of danger, thanks to the timely intervention of assistant commissioner of Cantonment, C K Gandhi. The girls, hailing from Madurai had boarded the Vaigai Express on Tuesday afternoon allegedly in search of 'better livelihood'.Police said that they were destined to go to Tiruchendur but had alighted in Trichy thinking they had arrived at their destination. Clueless as to where to go, the girls invited curious glances. Some anti-social elements allegedly tried to herd them together under the guise of helping them. They also tried to whisk them away from the attention of others, police added. However, the Cantonment police reached the spot in the nick of time and they were all brought to the police station.Police investigation revealed that the girls were all students of a government high school in Korukkupet in Chennai. Since they were not doing well in school, they decided to look for other avenues in life and boarded a train, which they though was bound to Tiruchendur to start a life from the abode of Lord Murugan. Initially, one of the girls tried to mislead the police saying that they had kidnapped by someone and they freed themselves from him.However, when the girls were separately questioned, it was revealed that it was their own plan to leave their homes.Their parents were later alerted, who came to Trichy on Wednesday to take custody of their daughters. Gandhi gave them a dressing down and got a written undertaking from each of the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762021", "title": "Kanpur sans power in every season, for no valid reason", "text": "KANPUR: The city continues to face excessive and incessant power rostering even at a time when the demand for power has gone down considerably thanks to the changed weather conditions. The rostering hours have increased significantly. Wednesday began with no supply from 9am to 10:15am, followed by another power cut from 1pm to 3:15pm and more such in the evening hours. If a fault occurs in a transformer or electricity pole, the number of hours of rostering goes up further. On an average, the city gets power for not more than 18 hours a day, widening the gap between demand and supply.Rostering, though done in phases, leads to power cuts for nearly five to seven hours a day. The repair of faults in transfromers takes another two to three hours. The total number of rostering hours therefore, goes up to 7-8 hours each day. Kesco officials wash their hands of the trend and claim rostering in phases is actually the prerogative of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd.On Tuesday, there was no power from 1 pm to 4 pm and again from 8 pm to 10 pm. This made the markets dull during the evening hours.On Monday, rostering was done from 11.20 am to 2 pm. Thereafter, once again rostering was done from 8 pm to 10 pm.On Sunday, rostering was for six hours, first from 12 noon to 3 pm and then from 10.25 pm to 11.55 pm. The locals could not get proper sleep and in several localities, came out of their houses and did not go back in till power was restored. On Saturday, the rostering schedule was almost the same.On the Intervening night of Sunday and Monday, there was power rostering from 2am to 4 am leaving little scope for a good night's sleep.In Kanpur south region, there was no power from 4 am to 5 am because of rostering by Naubasta sub-station from 8 am to 10 am as fault had occurred in transformer installed at Usmanpur Colony. Several localities like Yashoda Nagar, Saket Nagar, Gulmohar Vihar, Shankarcharya Nagar experienced dim voltage. The locals rued that fans could not run and they had to switch off electronic gadgets to save them from getting damaged due to low voltage.Locals complain why cities like Kannauj, Etawah and Mainpuri get more power than the industrial city.\"The city gets power for not more than 18 hours a day while in Kannauj people enjoy power supply the entire day. This way of distributing power is wrong and we are disappointed that Akhilesh's government is giving Kanpur a step-motherly treatement,\" said an annoyed Ranvir Singh, resident of Kidwai Nagar.Echoing the sentiment, Vinay Mishra, a resident of Saket Nagar said, \"All I can say is that power scenario was better during BSP's regime compared to six months of SP rule. The condition of Kanpur has been ruined by politicians. The power scenario has worsened in the past few months.The irked locals went on to add that the ruling Samajwadi Party has five MLAs residing here, but the fate of the city in terms of power supply is to suffer. This is what was not expected from the chief minister and his government, they lament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16761978", "title": "'Algae powerhouse of green energy'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Algae are minute power and resource factories and there is a need for more in depth and focused research towards exploration and exploitation of cyanobacterial resources for biodiesel, bio gas, etc.This was observed at department of Microbiology &amp; Fermentation Technology of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture Technology &amp; Sciences (SHIATS) during a one-day workshop on collection, identification and isolation of cyanobacteria, on WednesdayDeputy director and head of the Algology section from the National Botanical Research Institute ( NBRI), Lucknow Dr MR Susheela coordinated the workshop which comprised two lectures and a practical session by the deputy director and her team members.Talks highlighted multifarious aspects of blue green algae. Attention was focused on conservation of these organisms taking into consideration their ecological and biotechnological significance.The first lecture on introduction to cyanobacteria elaborated its general characteristics, structure, isolation and maintenance.The second lecture steered attention towards the biotechnological its applications and potential of these organisms to produce biodiesel, bio hydrogen gas, neutraceuticals, anticancerous and antimicrobial agents was stressed. Latest research findings on the use of cyanobacteria for replacement of damaged retina along with their environmental application in pollution abatement were also reported.The lecture was followed by a practical session where budding scientists got hands on experience of handling cyanobacteria. Starting from collection of samples, the participants learnt the methods of isolation, microscopic identification, maintenance and preservation of its cultures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762397", "title": "7 coastal sites in AP endangered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the 22 endangered coastal sites in India, seven are from Andhra Pradesh. This startling fact was unearthed by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) in its yet-to-be released study titled 'Identification &amp; Prioritization of Important Coastal &amp; Marine Biodiversity Areas Along The Coastline in India,' conducted between 2005 and 2012. The areas listed in the report are: Naupada (Srikakulam), Kalingapatnam (Srikakulam), Bangarampalem (Visakhapatnam), Nilarevu (East Godavari), Vasishta (East Godavari), Machilipatnam (Krishna), Nizampatnam (Guntur) and Krishnapatnam (Nellore). Threatened with a high level of sand mining, apart from excessive poaching, harvesting and developmental risks, these areas need immediate attention for conservation, the study suggests. Besides AP, the report also lists various areas from Gujarat (such as Madhavpur, Alia Bet and Purna), Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry (Kaliveli, Pichavaram and Palk Bay), among others as endangered.\"But AP is definitely somewhere at the top of the chart. And that's also because it has a long coastline,\" said B C Choudhury, former professor at WII who spearheaded the study. Elaborating on the findings, he said his team inspected 360 sites, measuring up to 6,000 km of coastline to arrive at this conclusion. In the state, about 42 sites located along 1,014 km of coast were inspected by the WII team. \"And while sand mining might not be the only issue that needs regulation, it is definitely one of the primary reasons for doom, especially in northern AP,\" Choudhury added.In other parts of India too, the unchecked rise of the 'sand mafia' has come to haunt not just the environment but also local communities who depend on marine biodiversity for their livelihoods. Quoting from her body of work in Maharashtra, Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Awaaz Foundation pointed out how areas like the Malad creek and Kihim beach had fallen prey to large scale and mechanized sand mining operations. This exercise, she added, also periodically moves up to the Konkan coast. Needless to say that these traditional biodiversity hubs are now stripped of all their wealth and are found crying out for protection.\"A new threat to India's beach sand comes from the fact that some of these pristine areas in Kerala and Tamil Nadu contain thorium, the new remedy for all our energy problems. Predictably, these pockets are under huge threat from the mafia,\" Abdulali said.While experts say that conservation of these areas is the only solution, they confess that it cannot be done without the involvement of local communities.\"Right from West Bengal to Odisha to Tamil Nadu, it's the mechanized boats (largely trawlers) that have killed biodiversity. They have even posed a serious threat to the livelihoods of indigenous people. Any conservation plan should include these communities and not further dis-empower them,\" said Pradip Chatterjee, secretary, National Fishworkers' Forum.Lashing out at the government for planning projects without the prior consent of locals, he said that India's coastline will remain threatened unless there is a change in this indifferent attitude of the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16759325", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh slum dwellers to get due rights", "text": "ITANAGAR: With slums mushrooming alarmingly all over Arunachal Pradesh, particularly in the capital complex, the state government is working out a plan to protect the rights of slum dwellers.Chief minister Nabam Tuki said that 108 locations, mainly colonies, including in the state capital and district headquarters, have been identified as slums and residents of these areas are entitled to the benefits of Rajiv Awas Yojna (RAY).The state assembly has already passed the Arunachal Pradesh Property Rights to Slum Dwellers Bill, 2012, moved by urban development minister Rajesh Tacho in the recently-concluded session.Tacho said the bill is in tune with the Union housing and poverty alleviation ministry's RAY aimed at making India slum-free. \"It will benefit the landless poor tribal people by helping them get houses at affordable prices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16759330", "title": "10-day celebrations for Guwahati Puja committee", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kumarpara's Santi Sabha Puja Committee will organize a 10-day Durga Puja celebration in adherence to the Vedic rituals to celebrate its completion of 75 years. The committee will start its celebrations on 'mahalaya' while other Puja mandaps in the city will start celebrations on 'sashti'.The ritual of the ten-day Durga Puja celebration was popular during the pre-independence days. Its platinum celebrations will include cultural programmes sans the blazing commercialization, which has become the order of the day for majority of the pandal committees in the last few years.Initially consecrated as a community centre for the Assamese bhadralok of Kumarpara, the decision to organize a Sarbajannin Puja was taken in 1938. However, the puja was first started at a different venue in 1934 and only in 1938 was it brought to Santi Sabha. Around 10 prominent denizens of the locality, including then-Chief Justice Holiram Deka, were involved in the consecration of the puja.\"The special ten-day celebration has been organized for the platinum jubilee. We get our idol from the Pandu area of the city and usually a member of the community donates the idol every year. The celebration will include flag hoisting, a cultural procession, lighting of around 75 earthen lamps, fireworks and a special soiree, where popular violinist Sunita Khaund will perform,\" said Rohini Haloi, a member of Santi Sabha.Santi Sabha has two temples within its premises and also serves as a community centre for the locals. In the pre-independence era, the sabha was used as a point for locals to discuss the prospects of Independence and the future of the country. In present times, Santi Sabha has managed to maintain its tradition as the descendents of the founder members of the sabha discuss social issues here and also serve the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16759678", "title": "CEO suspends two headmasters and four gram sevaks", "text": "Yavatmal: The Chief Executive Officer of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad Naval Kishor Ram on Tuesday suspended two headmasters (HMs) and four gram sevaks on charges of corruption, misappropriation of funds and dereliction of duties.According to deputy education officer WL Motikar of the primary education department, the chief executive officer has suspended two headmasters, one each from primary and secondary schools under Yavatmal Zilla Parishad. The names of the headmasters are Mahendra Tamgadge of Lalguda primary school of Wani tehsil and GK Kathane of the ZP High School at Pimpalgaon (Rui) village of Kalamb tehsil.Tamgadge allegedly sent his own students to nearby paan kiosks to bring items such as gutkha and consumed it in the school itself in presence of the students. Kathane pocketed the funds received under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. Education officer Sidheshwar Chandekar, on receipt of complaints from parents and local school committee chairman, earlier conducted inquiries and found that the complaints were genuine. The parents even presented video tapes to officers about the misdeeds of Tamgadge.The CEO also suspended four gram sevaks on charges of pocketing funds meant for various schemes and withdrawing the amount from banks by forging the signatures of the sarpanch.The names of the gram sevaks are PD Mahalle and AM Thakre, both under Digras Panchayat Samiti, PS Hivrale, gramsevak of Kinhi village under Arni Panchayat Samiti and VN Hatkare of Bhosa village under Yavatmal panchayat samiti.Mahalle pocketed Rs7 lakh while Thakre misappropriated Rs25.15 lakh. Hivrale withdrew huge amount from the bank account by forging the signature of the sarpanch of Kinhi village while Hatkare allegedly pocketed a sum of Rs35 lakh by way of showing the various developmental works only on papers.Meanwhile the CEO also instructed the education officer to issue a circular to direct the teachers to submit their request for change of place of their transfer to the divisional commissioner of Amravati as the CEO has no delegation of power to entertain such applications.The Gram Sevak of Wadgaon Gram Panchayat MS Kamdi has, at the behest of the CEO, filed separate FIRs in the Wadgaon Road Police Station on Tuesday itself against two residents of the GP for violating the provisions of Mumbai Panchayat Act and wilful disobedience of the order issued to them by the gram panchayat in the matter of illegal constructions made by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16760329", "title": "GRP colony mechanics move rights panel", "text": "BHOPAL: Mechanics whose shops were demolished near GRP Colony after a minor girl was raped and killed, have approached state human rights commission on Wednesday.In a memorandum to the MPHRC, the motor mechanics have stated that 37 of them are gas-affected. They had set up their shops on the land allotted by Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) in 1990.The mechanics have alleged that on October 3, BMC demolished their shops without any prior notice or intimation. \"The shops were demolished mercilessly using a JCB machine. It has affected livelihood of the 37 mechanics, their families and helpers. Livelihood of about 400 people has been lost,\" the memorandum stated.They alleged that the demolition was a part of a pre-planned conspiracy and the district administration and the civic body have not made any attempts to rehabilitate them or have made no attempts even after a week of the incidence. They also demanded immediate intervention of the MPHRC.Rohit Mehta joint director MPHRC said, \"It would take a couple of days to assess the case. Then only can the MPHRC take cognizance of the matter.\"On October 3, around 35 shops were demolished by the ant-encroachment squad of the BMC. The shops were situated from the GRP colony to the petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16760368", "title": "'Minors herded like cattle to work at units'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of children from the North East, Bihar and Jharkhand are literally being herded like cattle to small-scale units in the city to do menial jobs. This startling fact came to light after Government Railway Police (GRP) grilled several brokers involved in procuring minors for these units.In the last six months, GRP officials nabbed eight brokers involved in selling hundreds of children to businessmen in the city. And in the last one year, 1,126 children were rescued from various units, especially those located in the Old City, based on the information given by victims and brokers. Along with brokers, police also arrested owners of units who had engaged and exploited these children. Most of the children were rescued from poultry, leather, plastic and other units located in Dabeerpura, Shadnagar, Umdanagar and a few other places.In the Old City, frequent raids have revealed the large-scale employment of children in zari and bangle-making units. \"The child trade racket first came to our notice when we questioned some runaway children at railway stations. They spilled the beans that some brokers had brought them to Hyderabad in batches of 30 to 40 and handed them over to businessmen,\" GRP superintendent of police M Kantha Rao told TOI.Subsequently, the children were forced to work in hazardous conditions and exploited by making them work for several hours with little breaks and insufficient food. \"The child trade racket is well organised. The number of brokers nabbed till now seems to be just the tip of the siceberg. As part of our investigation, a GRP team went to Bihar and other states and found that families were being approached by brokers with lucrative offers in exchange for their children for some months,\" the officer said.As there is a dearth of cheap labour in the city and small-scale industries preferring child workers, brokers bring in children mostly from Bihar and its surrounding states, GRP officials added.Only a few of the victims, who escaped from their employers, could give clear information about the location of their work place, which helped police raid the units and rescue other children.However, in several cases they were sent on a wild goose chase. Officials also raised concern about children being lured into criminal activities under the influence of their peers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762081", "title": "10 students expelled from University for a year", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking strong note of ragging complaints from 1st year student inmates of the Amar Nath Jha hostel, authorities expelled the 10 accused students from Allahabad University for a period of one year. In future, these students will not be provided accommodation in hostels of either AU or those managed by trusts.A group of nine newly admitted inmates of AN JHa hostel of AU had submitted a written complaint to hostel superintendent Prof Avinash Pandey on October 3 accusing their seniors of ragging them. Taking immediate action, Prof Pandey locked the rooms of the senior students who were allegedly involved in ragging and served them show-cause notice. Later, chief proctor Prof Mata Amber Tewari lodged an FIR against 10 students on Tuesday. While action was been initiated against the culprits, some students of the fresh batch who had complained informed the superintendent that they were taking back their charges. The accused students on the other hand, along with their supporters, were mounting pressure on the superintendent not to take any action against them.The university authorities held a closed-door meeting at the office of the chief proctor on Wednesday, attended by members of the proctorial board and dean social welfare Prof R K Singh, to discuss appropriate action to be taken against the 10 students in order to set a precedent. After discussing the matter at length, it was decided that the students involved would be expelled from AU for one year with immediate effect. After one year, if these students are readmitted to AU, they would not be accommodated in any of the hostels, either of AU or those run by trusts.Those expelled from AU with immediate effect are Akshay Bhatt, Rudraksh Upadhayay, Utkarsh Shukla (all pursuing BA), Ankur Tiwari, Abhishek Kumar Singh, Sandeep Kumar Tewari (all pursuing BCom), Harish Kumar Rawat of MA, Gaurav Singh, Aman Pandey (both pursuing MSc) and Anupam Kumar pursuing LLB.Although ragging is not new to the hostels of AU it has so far been there in a mild form, many times being limited to seniors taking an 'introduction' of juniors. Even in case the limit was crossed, there was never a written complaint. A couple of years back an incident of was reported from the Shatabadi boys hostel and though the prime accused turned out to be an outsider and there was no written complaint in the case, action was taken by then V-C Prof Rajen Harshe against five inmates, of whom two were expelled from the hostel.Sources told TOI that Wednesday's punishment was a decision taken with great care by the varsity administration. All punitive actions mentioned in the guidelines of the University Grants Commission (UGC) were discussed, including leveling monetary fine on the 10 students, but in the end it was decided to expel them from AU for one year. \"Action such as this would send out a clear message to those who dare to rag the juniors and serve as a deterrent for future probable incidents\", said chief proctor Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759803", "title": "Angry mob leads cops to hidden corpse", "text": "NAGPUR: The sordid tale of police-criminal nexus was laid bare after naked body of a murdered man was exhumed from Vasantrao Naik slums on Wednesday. Here a mob, angry over terrorizing by goons, had lynched one late Tuesday evening. The angry slum-dwellers informed the police about the body leading to its exhumation. The policemen had no clue about the murder that happened around a fortnight ago barely a kilometre from Sitabuldi police station.The slain man, identified as Rohit Jain, was beaten to death on September 25 and buried in one of the shanties and covered with salt. Jain's body was exhumed, in presence of executive magistrate and doctors from the Government Medical College and Hospital from the four-and-half foot deep and five-foot long pit in the hutment owned by Kashinath Kawde. Kawde had fled the locality after being threatened by the goons. Traffic on Amravati road was disrupted for sometime during the tension.Police arrested Sheikh Akram, alias Bhuru, his younger brother Shaikh Akbar and Kamlesh Gupta after they confessed to having murdered Jain, an electronic gadget dealer from Seoni, over a monetary dispute. Akram's younger brother Sheikh Iqbal was lynched by slum-dwellers on Tuesday. Jain allegedly was not returning Rs 1.25 lakh he had borrowed from Akram. Local sources said the murder was related to gambling and not just simple borrowing. Akram had threatened Ishwari Sahu, Rajkumar Sahu and Rajesh Dhurve at knifepoint to dig a pit for disposing of the body. As the word of it got out, the goons were trying to shift the body elsewhere.It has also come to fore that the slum dwellers had made futile attempts to lodge complaint against culprit Akram around couple of months ago but Sitabuldi cops turned deaf ear. A woman had complained against Akram but police responded with simple preventive action. Akram unleashed his terror on the slums emboldened by cops' casual approach. He had been also conducting gambling dens partnering with Pintu Shinde in collusion with a section of cops from Sitabuldi. Local residents claimed goons' moles in the Sitabuldi police station would leak the information to the goons about informers too. A reliable source claimed Akram was in regular touch with some senior police officials. \"Call details of Akram's mobile phone should be checked,\" he said.It is learnt that Akram had tried to intimidate a woman wanting to meet her married daughter in the slums. Akram and his men also assaulted one Prabhu Sahu with sword while threatening others. With their patience exhausted and cops of no help, slum-dwellers launched a counter attack on Akram and his men. While the rest slipped away, Iqbal fell in their hands.The angry mob pelted stones on city buses and police vehicles and also attacked men in khaki. During the agitation, the frenzied mob also demanded police to visit the slum and exhume body of a man murdered and buried by Akram and his gang. A sizable mob later marched and gheraoed the Sitabuldi police station raising slogans against policemen colluding with criminals.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that additional CP Anant Shinde has been assigned the role of fixing responsibility and nearly half-dozen police personnel are set to be placed under suspension. After the drama of Tuesday evening, more followed on Wednesday's afternoon when huge contingent of police reached Vasantrao Naik slums for exhuming the body. Immediately, tension started building in the locality with local residents accusing the cops of shielding the goons.Joint CP Sanjay Saxena, who visited the slum, has deployed tight bandobast. Three people have been arrested so far in the case with crime branch in full action under senior PI Madhao Giri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759738", "title": "BCCI to introduce corporate structure", "text": "MUMBAI: The BCCI , often criticized for lack of professionalism, could undergo a makeover very soon. Up next on its agenda is to bring in professional managers in order to improve the administrative machinery.It's been learnt that the Board now plans to have in place three general managers - for operations, cricket and IPL - and candidates are being hand-picked for the job. Ratnakar Shetty, currently the board's Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), is likely to take over as GM-Operations. The post of CAO, therefore, will become redundant.Sundar Raman, the man at the helm of IPL affairs, is likely to take over as GM-IPL, while an accomplished ex-cricketer will take over as GM-Cricket.As at the International Cricket Council (ICC), as well as other cricket Boards, the post of GM-Cricket is a crucial one and it is mostly held by ex-cricketers. In case of the ICC, former South African wicketkeeper-batsman Dave Richardson held the post for a long time before being made the CEO early this year.The Board is likely to announce the names soon while also finalizing a replacement for Sandeep Patil to head the National Cricket Academy (NCA) as its director. Former India stumper Kiran More is a front-runner for the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16761944", "title": "Chiyanki airstrip's wall woes", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Chiyanki airstrip here has been languishing for want of upkeep. According to sources, the maintenance of this 900-metre-long airstrip with 200-metre-long apparel and bay is of the state irrigation department which is neglecting it badly.Lack of boundary wall around this airstrip has rendered it into a pasture ground for cattle grazers to take their animals to the contiguous field, while the tarmac has been used by aspirant motorists to learn driving. The airstrip has now disintegrated at many places. Stone chips have eroded rendering it unfit for any landing/take off of planes. On one occasion, former CM Shibu Soren wanted to come to Daltonganj by plane but it was strongly resisted by the then Palamu DC Amitabh Kaushal who wrote to the government that any landing of an aircraft at Chiyanki other than a helicopter would be of high risk. Palamu DC Pooja Singhal said the proposal to construct a wall had been pending since 2005 despite Rs 64 lakh was sanctioned. She said the job of constructing the wall was given to the district engineer in 2005 but the irrigation department said none other than it was allowed to construct the wall, and the work was finally not taken up by the district engineer.Sources said the department, thereafter, lost all interest in it and the issue remained pending and now the irrigation department has expressed inability to construct the boundary wall as per the estimate of 2005 since there has been a steep rise in prices of all cement, brick, iron in all these 7 years from the year 2005. The department is seeking a revised estimate for construction of the boundary wall, a fact conceded by an official of the irrigation department, too. The official added as there was no revised estimate, in all possibility of the fund would be returned to the governmentDaltonganj MLA K N Tripathy said he had taken up the issue with deputy chief minister Hemant Soren who holds civil aviation portfolio. \"We have to wait for the government to take any action now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760436", "title": "IPS killing case: No blood stains on tractor wheels", "text": "INDORE: Scientists who prepared Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) report in the IPS Narendra Kumar killing case, said in the court on Tuesday that no blood stains were found on the wheels of the tractor-trolley that allegedly ran over the officer on March 8, 2011 at Barmore in Morena district.None of the 26 photographs taken by the forensic team and presented before the court, show any blood stains on the wheels of the tractor-trolley. Two forensic scientists -- Dr A K Khan and a police photographer constable Shivpal Singh Tomar -- gave their statements in the court.Till now, 10 witnesses have appeared before the court out of which one (the only non-police personnel witness) has turned hostile while there have been serious variation in statements of the remaining nine witnesses.Lawyer of sole accused Manoj Gujjar, advocate Mahendra Morya said that the forensic scientist Khan stated that he reached the spot along with the police photographer after being informed about the incident by the police control room. When Khan reached the spot, the tractor trolley was 42 feet away from the body and he did not find any blood stains on the wheel of tractor trolley. He added that on minute inspection with the help of a chemical, few molecules of blood were found and they could be of any animal that would have come under the tractor few days back.\"Forensic scientist has admitted that it is not possible to find blood stains on the wheels if the vehicle had moved over human body,\" said advocate Morya adding that the CBI had not carried out test to find out whether the molecules of the blood were of the slain officer or not. It exposed the way CBI had carried out investigation in the case, he said.Constable Shivpal Singh Tomar, who had taken the photographs at the crime scene said that he did not found blood stain on the wheels of the tractor-trolley.Morya said that the way things are coming out, it was evident that there were several loopholes in the theory of killing presented by CBI. It is getting clear that entire case if fabricated, he said. \"Most of the witnesses are police personnel and all of them have variation in their statements and sole witness who was not police personnel turned hostile saying that he was made witness by force,\" said Advocate Morya adding that facts will come out in coming days.Next hearing of the case is schedule for November 7, 8 and 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16762044", "title": "Pariyaram Medical College: One more doctor of Hrudayalaya dismissed", "text": "KANNUR: Even as a controversy is raging over the dismissal of a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Sahakarana Hrudayalaya in Pariyaram Medical College, the hospital governing body on Wednesday terminated the contract of another doctor.The medical college governing body chairman M V Jayarajan said at a press conference here that Dr Prashanth T, an anaesthesiologist, had been terminated as he had tried to provoke patients and bystanders against the hospital management even after having tendered an apology for holding a press conference and raising allegations against the hospital CEO a few days back.\"Though he had tendered an apology for trying to defame the hospital, he again played nasty games after being permitted to continue. Hence this decision to terminate him,\" said Jayarajan.Hospital authorities also said two new surgeons had been appointed and that surgeries had resumed from Wednesday. Two more doctors would take charge next week, said Jayarajan. And senior interventional cardiologist Dr S M Ashraf has been named the superintendent of Sahakarana Hrudayalaya.According to Jayarajan, the motive behind raising the allegations against the hospital was to get its governing body dismissed, and the dismissed doctors were just pawns in the hands of some politicians.Jayarajan also said one of the terminated doctors had been raising baseless allegations, including that of sexual misconduct, against the newly-appointed doctors. They have also been threatening the doctors who are willing to join the hospital, he alleged.Dr Prashanth, meanwhile, said the security guard had blocked him from entering the hospital, and one of the directors, who had reached the spot, had given him the termination letter. He said he would approach the court against the management's decision.Dr Kuldeep Kumar, who was dismissed on Monday, alleged that one CPM leader had tried to bypass the activities of the hospital management against the interests of the people and that that had resulted in the situation worsening. Dr Kumar is also planning to move the court against his ouster.Both these doctors had raised allegations of corruption against hospital CEO K V Surendranath. And following the allegations, the hospital management had decided to conduct an enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16759951", "title": "Terror suspect commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging police harassment, a 40-year-old accused in the Dilsukhnagar Sai Baba temple blast case committed suicide at his house in Mehdipatnam on Wednesday.The victim, Abdul Razak alias Masood, an alleged LeT operative, was a native of Malapally in Nizamabad district. He was one of the alleged conspirators of the 2002 Sai Baba temple blast case in which two persons died and 15 others suffered injuries. Razak was also accused of terror attacks at Gatkopar in Mumbai in 2003 and an American cultural centre in Kolkata in 2002. CID sleuths had arrested Razak from Delhi in 2005.Razak was out on bail since 2007 and was staying alone in a room near Zehra mosque in Mehdipatnam. At about 4pm, a neighbour of Razak found a small note stuck to his door. In the note, Razak informed that he would be committing suicide and requested his neighbour to check his room. At the bottom of the note, he had mentioned the mobile number of house owner, Khadeer.Suspecting something foul, the tenant immediately alerted the house owner. Khadeer quickly rushed to the house and they opened the room's door to find Razak hanging from the ceiling fan with a nylon rope.Police also found a suicide note, purportedly written by Razak in the room. In the note, Razak allegedly cited police harassment as the reason for his suicide, but local police are tight-lipped about the content. \"We are yet to read the note,\" Humayun Nagar inspector G Bhiksham Reddy said.According to police, Razak had not married and used to stay alone in the city. His family members stay in Nizamabad. The body has been shifted to Osmania hospital for a post-mortem and a suspicious death case was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761626", "title": "Bike gang trumps cops, strikes at Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely four days after police claimed to have busted the south Kolkata snatch-and-shoot gang, bikers struck Rabindra Sarobar on Wednesday, snatching a gold chain from an elderly woman.The crime had uncanny similarities with the Survey Park snatching of September 23. In both cases, the victims ran to an idling biker for help but he turned out to be part of the gang. And in each case, there were three goons involved and the victims were elderly women. Even the time of the attack was the same: 7.20am.Ajita Raja Gopalan, a resident of Lake Place, was walking near the Lilly pool when she saw two youths leap over the railing and run towards her. One of them grabbed the gold chain around her neck but she instinctively held on to it. After a few seconds of grappling, the chain snapped and the duo ran off.A few minutes earlier, Ajita had seen a young man sitting on a bike with the engine running. She rushed towards him for help only to find that the snatchers were headed in the same direction. The duo hopped on the bike and fled towards Dhakuria.Ajita shouted for help but there were only elderly walkers around. \"I knew about the recent snatchings but thought the Lake was a safe place. I am very scared now,\" she said. The chain was worth around Rs 3 lakh, she said.The snatching has scared morning walkers. \"After the shootings last month, we saw good police presence at the Lake. But in a couple of days, things went back to square one,\" said elderly morning walker Shankar Sanyal.Police have decided to increase patrolling in the morning walk zones. \"We ask people not to get unnecessarily scared,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16762782", "title": "Ajit Pawar skips key NCP meet", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP leader Ajit Pawar did not attend a crucial national executive committee meeting of the party in Vadodara on Wednesday, intensifying whispers of a rift between him and party chief Sharad Pawar.\"Ajit Pawar was supposed to attend the meeting. But he was unable to participate since he is down with high fever. There is no politics in his absence,\" said senior NCP leader and Union minister Praful Patel .Ajit Pawar quit the Maharashtra cabinet following charges of irregularities and corruption in the irrigation department. There was tension in the NCP, claimed a party leader, over allegations against water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal . A section of NCP leaders wanted Bhujbal to quit on moral grounds. Another section believed Tatkare should resign. Since no consensus emerged, Ajit Pawar stepped down.Sharad Pawar had claimed there were no differences within his family or the NCP. \"Our family and party are intact,\" he said.Sharad Pawar was reelected as the NCP president for the fifth consecutive term at the Vadodara meet, where he asked party workers to be prepared for a snap poll. \"Our alliance with the Congress is intact but be prepared for a snap poll,\" he said.The NCP president defended Bhujbal and Tatkare, saying it has become fashionable to allege corruption. \"If they are serious, they should go to court and prove the charges,\" he said.Munde wants mins' wealth probedAlleging that every Maharashtra minister owns 40 to 50 companies that would collectively be worth Rs 10,000 crore, BJP leader Gopinath Munde on Wednesday demanded a probe into the wealth of the ministers and their relatives. He also sought termination of irrigation contracts where \"less than 20% work was carried out\". \"The money lost to unreasonable cost escalations must be recovered from concerned officials and ministers.\" State president Sudhir Mungantiwar declared that Munde will lead the party in the state in the next general and assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16762357", "title": "Juveniles in the state are among most delinquent", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu records more cases of juvenile delinquency under special and local laws than any other state in the country.These include cases booked under the Prevention of Atrocities Act, Gambling Act, Arms Act, Narcotic Drugs &amp; Psychotropic Substances Act, Prohibition Act and Immoral Traffic Prevention Act.The IPC covers crimes like theft, murder, rioting and molestation, and the special and local laws deal with offences such as gambling, carrying arms and possession of narcotic substances.Of all the cases booked against juveniles under special and local laws in Tamil Nadu, 661 cases or 98.4% are categorised as 'other SLL crimes'. Experts say these offences range from loitering in public places like railway stations to picking pockets.Tamil Nadu also registered a spike in cases filed against juveniles under the IPC. A total of 1,233 cases were filed against minors under the IPC in the state in 2011, an increase of 28.2% from the figure in 2010. According to sources in the state's directorate of social defence, around 40% of these cases pertained to petty theft.\"We have 50 to 60 children at any given point of time in the eight observation homes in Chennai,\" an official said. \"Most children in these homes have been detained for theft, including stealing cellphones, motorbikes and gold jewellery.\"Minor crime, major problemJuvenile delinquency is a serious problem in Tamil Nadu, with more children being booked for offences under special and local laws than other states and a large number of minors also being booked under the Indian Penal Code.Psychologists and social experts believe there are two major reasons behind the rise in crime by children in the state \u2014 endemic poverty and the steady exodus of people to cities from rural areas. Reports from state police show that 1,598 of the 2,083 children who were charged with offences in 2011 were from families with an annual income of up to 25,000 and 445 from households with an annual income of between 25,000 and 50,000. Only 40 juveniles in conflict with the law were from families with a higher income level. \"In many cases, we find that children from a poor economic background are charged with offences. Most have not developed the morality to think twice about stealing,\" said Keerthi Pai, a psychologist who often counsels minors accused of crime.Former juvenile justice board member T Alagappan says children from lower socio-economic groups face a higher risk of being involved in crime. \"They are influenced by older children or adults with a history of crime,\" he said.Experts say many children from rural parts of the state come to the city and see things they have not seen before. \"Many of them begin by stealing small things. It gives them confidence to steal bigger things,\" Pai said. In families in which both parents work, the children may not get enough attention. But poverty and other social factors do not account for several offences by children. One of the most brutal crimes committed by a child took place in Chennai on February 9 when a 15-yearold student stabbed his teacher in a classroom for scolding him.Most juvenile offenders are booked for petty offences. Not many children in the state are charged with murder. \"There are around 10 cases a year,\" said an official of the juvenile justice board. However grave the offence is, the children are always let out on bail. \"They are kept in observation homes for a few days at the most. It depends on the parents,\" the official said.Special and local laws include the Prevention of Atrocities Act, Gambling Act, Arms Act, Immoral Traffic Prevention Act, Narcotic Drugs &amp; Psychotropic Substances Act and Prohibition Act.Data also shows many of the children booked are very young. In Chennai, 185 boys and 21 girls charged with offences were in the age group of seven to 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760740", "title": "Why permit only Rahul, ask students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Student bodies at Panjab University staged a protest expressing resentment against the visit of Rahul Gandhi on campus, arguing that national leaders from parties other than Congress were denied permission for the same.Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Indian National Student's Organization (INSO), Students Organization of India (SOI), SFI staged a protest in front of VC office against PU authorities giving permission to hold the alleged \"political rally\", which the student leaders claimed was organized by NSUI.ABVP leaders Vaibhav Gupta and Dinesh Chauhan said university is not a ground for such rallies and politics, and hence permission must not be given. \"The rally ground in Sector 25 has been allotted for such events. The hoarding installed at the campus bears photos of Congress leaders along with their political symbol - they are not students of PU and this should not have been allowed. Is it a student convention or party endorsement?\" questions Dinesh. The hoardings bearing NSUI's name were replaced with student council (PUSUC) on Wednesday.Other student parties including PUSU said the passes distributed by NSUI to a host of \"outsiders\" for entering PU campus on Thursday, have now become dysfunctional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16762399", "title": "Part of Mary, Saina for worthy cause", "text": "BANGALORE: Olympic medalists Saina Nehwal and MC Mary Kom showed they will be ever ready to support a noble cause. In Bangalore to receive keys to apartments gifted by Commune One, an initiative by Commune India and Target Games, Mary and Saina handed over a pair of boxing gloves and a badminton racket which will be auctioned online to raise funds.\"We requested Saina and Mary to help and they readily agreed. The online auction will now happen in two months time and the proceedings will go to Save A Mother, an NGO which educates women about pregnancy, nutrition, immunization, delivery and care of the child,\" Sanjay Raj, CEO of Commune India said.The boxing champion, a woman of few words, said that she had fond memories of her visits to the Garden City. \"I started boxing at the national level in 2001 and I was here at the National camp and I love Bangalore very much. Now I've also got an apartment here,\" Mary said.The 29-year-old, who had earlier expressed her interest to settle down in Bangalore, said the new address will be good for her family. \"Obviously, it will be good for my kids for they may be able to study here. I can't stay for long now as I'm working with the Manipur Police,\" said Mary, who was promoted as Superintendent of Police for winning a bronze medal in the London Games.Asked about boxing being included in the next Commonwealth Games, the former world champion said she was happy with the great strides women had taken. \"The sport is getting more and more popular and I hope more youngsters will now take up boxing,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16759818", "title": "Massive hike in private shack licence fees upsets shack owners", "text": "PANAJI: Tourism department on Wednesday announced an eight-fold hike in license fees for beach shacks in private properties. The license fee has been hiked from Rs 5,000 to Rs 40,000 on 'A' category beaches, and to Rs 25,000 on 'B' category beaches. The sudden hike has caused dismay amongst private shack operators.Private shacks are allowed on privately-owned properties within 500 meters of the high tide line. Areas like Palolem, Morjim, Mandrem, Ashvem have a large number of such private beach shacks, along with coco-huts. There were 319 beach shacks in private properties last year.A senior tourism department official told TOI that the hike has been notified following directions from the high court of Bombay at Goa to regulate functioning of shacks on private beach land.\"This is a very serious issue,\" shack owners welfare society (SOWS) general secretary John Lobo told TOI. SOWS has been lobbying with the state government over the beach shack policy for shacks on government-owned land.\"There was no policy for private shacks and now they have announced this steep hike in fees. This is not right,\" he said. \"It appears the government wants to stop the small Goan entrepreneur, who cannot construct big hotels , from making a living. One thing they don't want to stop is migrants who do business freely on the beach without paying any license fee or tax. There are others who come, rent any open space, set up shacks selling handicrafts, clothes, without paying any license fees or taxes, and take back lakhs of rupees with them. The government is not concerned about Goans,\" Lobo added.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, who operates a private shack on Anjuna beach said, \"Why should we pay the government so much? What are they giving us in return? There is no beach illumination, no infrastructure. It's a very disappointing decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16762548", "title": "Mysore City Corporation moots bus rapid transit system in city", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation (MCC) seems to be making an all-out effort to make the Heritage City pollution-free.Even as the district administration's plan to ban traffic in the heart of the city during weekends failed to enthuse many, the corporation is now drafting a plan to ease traffic congestion and adopt Bus Rapid Transit System.\"To preserve the city, we are planning to have a master plan that will last for more than 30 years,\" MCC commissioner M R Ravi said.Every day, many new vehicles are added to the city roads and with shrinking road space and increasing number of vehicles, traffic is often thrown out of gear. The plan is to find an eco-friendly solution and stop traffic congestion, he said.According to the master plan, vehicular movement around the city would be banned. There are plans to shift the existing city bus stand in the heart of the city to a new avenue,\" he added.The Bus Rapid Transit System, which was successful in Ahmedabad in Gujarat, will be implemented in the city area. \"We are seeking suggestions from experts in this regard and the plan will be finalized soon,\" he said.When asked about the possible opposition from citizens against the ban on vehicular movement, he said the plan is made for the benefit of all and it will be beneficial to the city in the long run.There is a need for utmost coordination from the MCC, police and the transport department to make this move successful, he added.He said a meeting to discuss the proposal has been scheduled before the commencement of Dasara. However, he did not divulge details on the project expenditure.Earlier proposal The district administration's recent move to ban vehicle movement during weekends invited the wrath from many quarters.There were arguments that restricting movement of vehicles other than bicycles and tongas is \"unscientific\" as all the prominent roads like Sayyaji Rao Road, Irwin Road, Ashoka Road, JLB Road and Devaraj Urs Road are interlinked.Apart from causing inconvenience to tourists, the ban may affect poor patients who have to use Sayyaji Rao Road to reach the Krishna Rajendra Hospital, they pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16761802", "title": "Tamil Nadu guns for child-abuse accused", "text": "MADURAI: Tamil Nadu police have decided to initiate proceedings for the extradition of Jonathan Robinson (70), a British national, accused of sexually abusing children at an orphanage in Tirunelveli after a local court granted a non-bailable warrant against him.\"We received the warrant issued by the judicial magistrate court at Valliyoor today (Wednesday). The next course of action would be to seek his extradition,\" said K Ajukumar, Valliyur inspector, who as the investigating officer, filed the affidavit seeking the warrant. Robinson is suspected to be hiding in the United Kingdom or Northern Ireland, according to police.Police had sought a non-bailable warrant against Robinson \"under the Extradition Act, to be executed specifically either in England or Northern Ireland through Interpol by issuing a red corner notice as per the extradition treaty entered between the government of India and United Kingdom and Northern Ireland.\"\"CB-CID is the nodal agency in India to seek extraditions. We will approach the CB-CID, which in turn would intimate Interpol in Delhi and then convey to its counterparts in both countries,\" Tirunelveli range DIG Sumit Saran told TOI. \"We will approach the CB-CID as soon as possible,\" he said. The official also pointed out that Interpol might take a call after perusing the warrant on merits of extraditing a foreign national accused in India.Robinson, a British national patronising the Valliyur-based Grail Trust, was visiting the home frequently from 2001. He had allegedly abused the boys in the home. He had also taken a 14-year-old boy to Simla once. Justice and Care, a Bangalore-based NGO that kept a vigil on the visits of Jonathan to the home, lodged a complaint with the child welfare committee based on the sufferings revealed by the victim, which in turn submitted a complaint to the police in Tirunelveli on August 12, last year. The inmates were rescued from the home and sent to other children's homes in Tirunelveli.The charge-sheet was prepared in 2011 accusing Jonathan under five counts of the IPC, including unnatural offences, kidnapping and wrongful confinement. He was also booked for offences under Juvenile Justice Act.Police have also stated that Robinson was hiding in foreign country but monitoring the police moves through his counsels. Ajukumar said that the next hearing of the case was scheduled for October 29, hinting that the extradition procedure would be initiated before that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761219", "title": "Fake number-portability requests to get better deals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mobile number portability (MNP) seems to have emerged as a real game changer for the telecom industry. With telecom operators offering dirt-cheap rates to retain customers, a large number of porting requests in Gujarat may not be genuine and are made without any intention to switch, say industry experts.Of about 200 complaints on MNP received by the department of telecom (DoT), Gujarat, close to 100 are for a better package from original operators.While the department has resolved most of these cases, 50 per cent have ended with subscribers not wanting to be relieved after getting better offers from operators.\"Resolving such cases presents a dilemma because the subscriber does not want portability once he gets a better deal from the mobile operator,\" said director of DoT, Gujarat, Rajeev Kushwah, ITS.\"There are subscribers who request portability just for the sake of getting better deals from their service provider and not because they genuinely want to switch to another operator.\"DoT has also seen cases where the request for MNP is followed by a request for rejection on the same day. Subscribers claim that telecom operators do not disclose the best deals on the website or at their stores.Gujarat made 53.4 lakh port-in and port-out requests till the end of July 2012.\"When I wanted to switch from my existing operator to a new one, the existing operator first rejected my portability request and then began offering exceptionally cheap schemes,\" said Ravish Desai, an executive with an IT company, who bargained his way to a better deal after requesting for MNP.\"I have been their subscriber for over 10 years and was surprised that these deals were never offered to me as a preferred customer. But once I made a request to shift, I was bombarded with the best deals.\"Telecom operators also admit to saving their cheaper schemes for bargainers who request for a shift. Offers have fallen from Rs 899 to Rs 399 for the same scheme once a customer requests for a port-out.\"We are giving specific incentives to high usage customers who are applying for a porting request,\" said an official from a leading telecom company.\"We do not want to announce it on our website or offer it to all our clients and have kept it reserved for retaining subscribers who want a port-out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16762893", "title": "A software to measure CO2 emissions at street levels", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762107", "title": "Uma wants to make Varanasi nucleus of save Ganga drive", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati has identified a house on the banks of Ganga in the city and wants to make Varanasi the nucleus of her campaign to save the holy river.Bharati was in the city as part of her Ganga Samagra Yatra, which began from Ganga Sagar on September 20 and will conclude at Gangotri on October 28. Blaming the pressure from different quarters for the deteriorating condition of Ganga, she said there is a complete lack of vision on issues pertaining to the river due to a blind race for so-called 'development'.Unplanned urbanisation, indiscriminate industrialisation, and reckless use and misuse of its waters have taken a heavy toll on the river, she said. Power generation should be done without undermining the basic objectives of keeping the river nirmal (pollution-free) and aviral (uninterrupted), and alternative sources of energy should also be explored and exploited, Bharati said, before leaving to Vindhyachal in Mirzapur district on Wednesday.It may be mentioned here that before beginning her yatra, Uma Bharati was here in July to offer prayers to Lord Vishwanath for the success of her mission. A convention of scientists and experts would be held at New Delhi on November 20 to discuss issues related to the Ganga. Varanasi, meanwhile, would remain the epicenter of the entire campaign, Bharati said.\"I would urge the Prime Minister to empower the National Ganga River Basin Authority and make it Ganga-centric for some time to achieve the goals. Besides, I would also request the PM to depute a minister to give full time to NGRBA and look after its affairs so that it can function properly,\" she said while talking to reporters.She said Ganga Samagra is a non-political platform dedicated to the mission of saving the Ganga. This mission can succeed only by building the broadest possible nationwide partnership between governments, political parties, elected representatives, religious establishment, organisations of common people, socio-cultural organizations, environmental groups, scientists, entrepreneurs and professionals. She said a study team is also accompanying the journey to know the problems of Ganga en route by meeting people and organisations.She said that the basic objective of the journey is to mobilise the masses for the cause of Ganga, which is facing the threat of extinction. She also urged members of the Parliament to build an all-party consensus to make the Ganga clean and free-flowing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16761963", "title": "Bokaro cops launch drive against public drinking", "text": "BOKARO: Drinking at public places or in vehicles will land one in problem this festive season. Reason: Police here have launched a drive to nab and penalize those indulging in such practice. On the first day on Monday, the men in khaki nabbed three youths drinking and partying inside a car at the City Centre here.While Bokaro residents consume 7.30 lakh litres of liquor a month, the city which boasts of a population of about eight lakh has only six licensed bars. During the festive season the consumption of liquor shoots up. And given the small number of bars in the city, people often take to the streets, parks, parking lots, roadside eateries and other places to drink. \"We don't want any disturbance during the festival season. That's why for which we have launched a drive to stop people drinking in vehicles or driving in an inebriated condition, said Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi.Bokaro police have also asked their Dhanbad counterpart to lend them alcohol breath analyzers to be used on suspected drinkers during the drive. The district police department has no alcohol breath analyzer of its own. He has issued strict instructions to the various police stations to conduct the drive effectively and penalize those found consuming alcohol at public places or creating nuisance. Pointing out that drinking and driving is a serious offence, the SP said action would be taken against those caught drinking in public. \"To curb the menace of public drinking, police teams have been deployed at over a dozen points in the township while tiger mobiles and police patrolling parties are keeping a strict vigil at various public places,\" Dwivedi said.Meanwhile, the administration has instructed the various puja committees to ask their members not to consume alcohol during puja procession. Any body found guilty in this regard will face action, the administration warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16760063", "title": "Parlour woo: Cops now seek to prevent legal acne", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district magistrate has issued an order to the effect that all beauty parlours operating in the state should furnish details of all their female employees hailing from outside the state, as well as their employment details, to the nearest police station.The details of the girls such as their name, age, address of native place and current place of residence, alongwith their photographs should be furnished to the nearest police station where the beauty parlour is situated, the order adds.\"This is being done in view of several reported complaints and instances that girls coming from outside the state working in beauty parlours are being used for illegal activities (of the flesh trade) in some of the beauty parlours,\" the order states.Any person contravening the order shall be punishable under section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.The order also empowers all police officers of the rank of police inspector and above to file an FIR on behalf of the state, if any person is found contravening the above order. The order comes in the wake of a police raid on an illegal beauty parlour in North Goa where prostitution was allegedly being conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761912", "title": "Detained foreigners asked to leave state", "text": "RANCHI: A four-member team of a foreign media company was asked to leave the state after police interrogation. The foreigners were taken into custody on Tuesday night by Latehar police and sent to Ranchi.On Wednesday, the foreigners were interrogated as to why they went to a Maoist-dominated area without giving prior information to the state and local police. Latehar SP Kranti Kant said the four mediapersons from a foreign country and a person from Ranchi came to Latehar after touring neighbouring state of Chhatisgarh and Garhwa and Palamau districts.\"The mediapersons wanted to go to some remote places which have a significant Maoist presence. As they did not give any prior information seeking security personnel, we detained them and sent them to Ranchi',\" said Kant. Jharkhand police spokesman S N Pradhan said their documents were examined and found to be in order. \"Since they were trying to venture into a place which is not safe, we asked them to leave the state.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760303", "title": "WIFA scores a Rs 100 crore Ace", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western India Football Association (WIFA), on Wednesday, announced the signing of a Rs 100 crore deal with a city-based private entity in Maharashtra, Sporting Ace Private Limited. Also included in the 10-year deal is the revival of the 122-year-old Rovers Cup after a 12-year gap. The next edition is now scheduled to be held between July 27 and August 11, 2013, and will come with a whopping booty of Rs 1 crore for the winners.\"This is as big as it can get. We knew that if we had a perfect concept for development of football in the state, the money would come. But to think that we would get this kind of money? Never,\" said Henry Menezes, CEO of WIFA. The state body, that operates out of the Cooperage football stadium, had invited tenders for their developmental plans in February this year but found only two interested companies, one being Sporting Ace.Thirty of the 34 districts in the state are affiliated with WIFA who have a first phase of activity planned for December this year. Money in the first year will be pumped into WIFA's youth development program, coach education and referee education modules across the districts. \"We have divided the districts into six regions - Konkan, Desh, Khandesh, Marathwada, Vidharba, Vidharba -- and will carry out our work in phases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759604", "title": "Boy\u2019s death: Police slap tougher case on school", "text": "CHENNAI: About two months after nine-year-old Ranjan died in a swimming pool at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School, the K K Nagar police on Wednesday told the Madras high court that the school management had not followed the norms laid down by regulatory bodies.\"The accused persons had not followed the norms laid down by the CMDA, the Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu and the Central Board of Secondary Education,\" the police said, adding that now a case under the stringent Section 304(ii) of the IPC has been registered. Earlier, the case was filed under the bailable Section 304A. (While Section 304A provides for imprisonment up to two years and a fine, Section 304(ii) provides for jail term up to 10 years and a fine.)On a petition seeking to prosecute the school's dean, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"This court cannot direct the investigating agency to prosecute a particular person.\" The bench then adjourned the case after six weeks for further proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16762268", "title": "Is Hubli blind to eye donations?", "text": "HUBLI: If eye banks are to be believed, the city may be losing sight of its visually handicapped brethren. As the world marks World Sight Day on Thursday, eye banks in Hubli have a grouse: there is poor response from citizens towards eye donation.The banks have been facing a tough challenge to convince people to pledge their eyes after their death so that the visually handicapped can gain vision.Efforts of many organizations, NGOs and hospitals to motivate people to pledge their eyes have not borne fruit. Hubli has four well equipped eye banks but they hardly get even 50 per cent of donors against their target. On an average, each eye bank keeps a target to annually enroll at least 2,000 people for eye donation, but the fact is, enrolment has not even crossed 35% in any of the banks. Dr Y G Bhajantri, in-charge of KIMS Eye Bank, said there is very poor response from the people to donate their eyes after death. In the past 10 months, only 30 persons have pledged their eyes to the bank.We are also holding awareness camps in city and rural areas as well educating people on the importance of pledging their eyes, but the response has been poor. Every month, we get just one or two donations from those who have pledged their eyes after death, he added.Manjula Kargudari, head of M M Joshi Eye Bank, said that even educated people are not coming forward to pledge their eyes and they have not realized the importance of donating them to blind people after their death. \"We have a target to enrol about 6,000 people this year. But since January we have been able to enrol only 2,000 people from entire North Karnataka region. We have enrolled only 200 people from Hubli, against our target of 1,500 in the city\", she said.Dr Shankargowda H Patil of the eye bank run by SDM Medical College, Sattur, said, \"We are supposed to register at least 3,000 people for eye donation this year, but have managed only 350 people so for. Most of the eye banks said every month they get 2-3 donations from deceased who had pledged their eyes, which is less compared to other cities.LACK OF AWARENESS Many doctors involved in eye-donation campaign feel that lack of proper awareness on pledging eyes among the people and ill-founded concepts that the dead will not attain salvation if body is mutilated by way of eye donation are the main reasons for poor response to eye donation.DONORSPEAK Speaking to TOI, Raju Gudennavar, a private firm employee said , \"I have already pledged my eyes. It will help blind people get vision. People should not destroy their eyes after their death. More awareness camps need to be held to motivate more people to pledge their eyes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16760881", "title": "AC buses to business hubs likely", "text": "MUMBAI: To tackle the problem of rising traffic snags in Mumbai, the BEST may introduce air-conditioned buses connecting business districts such as Nariman Point, World Trade Center, Bandra-Kurla Complex and Navi Mumbai with residential pockets in the suburbs.Dedicated AC buses would ply these routes during peak hours. At a meeting of the empowered committee of government policy think tank Mumbai Transformation Support Unit (MTSU) on Wednesday, a decision was taken to introduce the buses on pilot routes. The MTSU had earlier sought suggestions and objections from the public about the move. The meeting also witnessed a presentation on the implementation status of the amended captive car parking policy.The committee also insisted on a time-bound implementation of the Mumbai Trans-harbour Link (MTHL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762010", "title": "Residents plead for better drainage", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Sulemsarai Preetam Nagar, Transport Nagar, Mundera, Bamrauli, Mahilagram and adjoining areas have once again raised demand for construction of proper drainage system and have threatened a demonstration if grievances were not solved.A delegation of the Mundera Vyappar Mandal led by its president Dhananjay Singh met the divisional commissioner, Devesh Chaturvedi recently and appealed for corrective measures.Singh told TOI that families in the area were living in unhygienic conditions in the absence of proper drainage system and with none looking into the problem. He added that residents of Nehru Park, Jayantipur, Saket Nagar, Kalindipuram, Harwara, Chakmeera Patti, Ganga Vihar colony, Mahendra Nagar, Neem Sarai, Mundera village and adjoining areas were the worst sufferers and leading a miserable life in the absence of proper civic amenities.\"Residents have appealed to authorities concerned to construct cemented roads to make transportation easy,\" said Singh, adding \"We have been appealing constantly for a proper drainage system so that problem of road construction or repair work every year could be checked.\" He further pointed out that \"construction of proper drainage system is the only solution to the never-ending problem\". tnn\"Every time, authorities construct a road or do some patch work but since there is no proper drainage system, the condition of roads is affected and commuters are forced to walk or drive on bad roads,\" rued VK Singh, a resident of Dhoomanganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16759797", "title": "Virdhawal Khade is now a tehsildar!", "text": "PUNE: It might have taken two years, but Virdhawal Khade's dream has finally come true, off the pool.The swimming ace started his new job on Wednesday, as a tehsildar in Thane district of Maharashtra. The state government gave him the appointment in honour of winning a bronze at the 2010 Asian Games. \"I always wanted to be a collector. This is one rung below the position of deputy collector, but that's alright,\" the 21-year-old said after his first day in office at Konkan Bhavan in Navi Mumbai.Khade could have joined duty in 2010 but being a B.Com student, he wanted to work in the revenue department and it took two years for the vacancy to arise. Khade, though, will have some balancing act to do when it comes to managing time between his swimming and the tehsildar's duty, especially with base in Bangalore.\"Initially I will be a trainee, and I am on a break (from swimming) for a month or two now. So that suits me for now,\" he explained. \"I will resume training after two months. Next year the major event is the World Championships in July (in Barcelona). I haven't planned my programme yet. But I don't have to be in office throughout the day on a daily basis. They have made provisions for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760801", "title": "No let-up in sexual harassment cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police's campaign against sexual harassment has failed to contain the menace, as five more cases were reported on Tuesday and Wednesday. Besides, the drive which the police top brass had started off with a bang by visiting girls' colleges and Panjab University has fizzled out in no time.One of the five complainants, who is in her early 20s, told cops that a car driver mouthed obscenities at her near Sector 17 ISBT. The police have arrested the accused, Jaspal Singh, a resident of Derabassi, after tracing him through his car's registration number. In the second case, the police arrested Simrat Pal Singh of Mohali after the daughter of a cop alleged that occupants of a car sexually harassed and threatened her in Sector 40.Another woman lodged a complaint that three youths on a motorcycle tried to outrage her modesty late on Tuesday night. \"The incident took place near sectors 32-33 roundabout. We will soon nab the miscreants who were riding a Haryana registration number motorcycle,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16759280", "title": "Bengali-speaking Muslims to be rehabilitated from Oct 19", "text": "GUWAHATI: The rehabilitation of land-owning Bengali-speaking Muslims displaced from the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTADs) of Kokrajhar and Chirang during the recent ethnic conflict with the Bodos will finally start from October 19. This was decided at a meeting between the group of ministers (GoM) appointed by the state government to look into rehabilitation and Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administrators on Wednesday.An official source said, \"Altogether 19,632 families of the Bengali-speaking Muslim community from Kokrajhar and Chirang districts have been found to be genuine land owners in the BTAD after scrutiny of their land documents. Their rehabilitation starts from October 19.\"The rehabilitation would, however, be only for those Bengali-speaking Muslims who have land holdings in the two BTC districts and were uprooted in the clashes. The Bodoland People's Front-ruled BTC has made land ownership the primary criteria for rehabilitation and has conveyed to the state government that those without land holdings will not be accepted back in BTAD.Other Bengali-speaking Muslims, who were also displaced but do not have any land holdings in the BTAD region and were living on government land and grazing grounds when the clash started in July will continue to live in relief camps for the time being. The state government has convinced the BTC that an alternative formula has to be worked out to rehabilitate these Bengali-speaking Muslims. \"Today, the GoM gave a draft formula to BTC. This will be finalized by October 12,\" an official source said.According to the state revenue department, there are 1,59,027 inmates in 187 relief camps across the four BTC districts of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Chirang and Bongaigaon. Of these, 9,960 inmates are from the Bodo community and the rest 1,49,067 are Bengali-speaking Muslims and other communities. Of these, 9,355 Bodos and 41,206 Bengali-speaking Muslims are in Kokrajhar and are staying in 40 different camps. In Chirang, there are 605 Bodos and 15,332 Bengali-speaking Muslims in 19 camps while in Dhubri, all the 126 camps have only Bengali-speaking Muslim inmates - 91,070 of them. There were 4,85,921 relief camp inmates reported at the peak of the conflict in all the four districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759624", "title": "Liquor sale: 3 jailed for 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three staff of a Delhi State Industrial Development Corporation liquor vend were on Wednesday sentenced to two-year in jail by a court for various irregularities in liquor sale including stock mismanagement and non-display of warning against consumption of liquor at public place. Special judge B R Kedia also imposed a fine of Rs 7,000 each on Ram Dayal, Pawan Kumar and Hari Om.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "16759307", "title": "Ulfa rebel surrenders in Dibrugarh; UPDF cadre held", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A Myanmar-trained Ulfa hardliner surrendered to the army and police in Dibrugarh on Wednesday. The militant, Ramen Konwar alias Partho Gogoi, was a self-styled sergeant major of Ulfa's anti-talks faction led by Paresh Baruah.He laid down an AK-56 rifle, one magazine and 20 rounds of ammunition in the presence of Col Sukhbir Singh of the 5 JAKLI Regiment and superintendent of police (Dibrugarh) Arabinda Kalita.The surrendered cadre, who belongs to Lakili area of Sivasagar district, revealed that he had joined the proscribed outfit in August 2004 and underwent three months arms training in Myanmar. Before returning to Assam, he was attached to the outfit's 1st Battalion in Myanmar where a number of top-rung military leaders of the Ulfa and the NSCN are believed to be present.Konwar was assigned various administrative and operational duties during his tenure in the 1st Battalion.Meanwhile, security forces in Arunachal Pradesh apprehended a United People's Democratic Front (UPDF) cadre and seized a US-made pistol along with live cartridges from him. The cadre, identified as Jina Kapat, was arrested from Wagun village under Namsai subdivision in Lohit district on Monday during a joint operation by the 12 Assam Regiment and district police, official sources informed today. Security forces also recently nabbed the self-styled commander of the outfit , Sumna Munglang, along with six others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760185", "title": "DUTA starts hunger strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: A total of 22 teachers went on hunger-strike on the first day of the indefinite relay hunger strike started by the Delhi University Teachers' Association on Wednesday. DUTA has a schedule worked out and on the first day it was the turn of teachers from Ramjas College, Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, Mata Sundri College, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and Daulat Ram College to go on strike.DUTA had written to the VC and sent a notice to police informing them about the strike. \"When we came here on Tuesday evening, we were not allowed to pitch a tent. But if the authorities haven't responded to the letters, that means we have permission,\" says Amar Deo Sharma, president, DUTA.Most of the teachers fasting on Wednesday were from Ramjas College. Each batch will fast for 24 hours starting from 9am. There has been no disruption of classes as teachers have either taken a casual leave or were joining in between classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16759346", "title": "RTE significant step towards establishing universal education", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Right to Education (RTE) Act is a significant step towards establishing universal education, but reserving 25 percent of the seats at private schools for students from economically weaker sections may not serve the purpose, said C Nambi the director of the centre for social education and development.He was speaking at a seminar organised by the Press Institute of India (PTI) and UNICEF on 'Right to Education and the Role of Media' at Bharathiar University on Wednesday. By doing this, the government is indicating that private schools provide better education than government schools, he said.\"Almost half of the total budget allocated for education will have to be spent on reimbursing those in the economically weaker sections. This will drain much of the resources ear marked for the project,\" he said. Instead, he said that the government should improve public schools, besides constructing new ones.Apart from this, our primary educational system should learn from the neighbourhood education system of United States , said M Jayakumar the Dean at the Faculty of Education, Bharathiar University. In America, the area where you live decides which public school your child is eligible to go to. Thus, there is a good mix of students.However, he said that there were some clauses in the RTE that do more harm than good he said. One example is the mandatory promotion of each student during his primary education, regardless of his academic performance. \"Students may not take their studies seriously if they are sure to be promoted. This could have an adverse impact on what they are getting out of the education system. Students need strong incentive to study,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760439", "title": "Cops held for taking bribe", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was lodged on Wednesday by Palam Vihar police against two policemen accused of taking a bribe from a driver on Tuesday night. The victim had caught them on video while taking bribe. According to police, the two policemen, Rajesh and Ram Singh, were deployed at a checkpost late on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16761624", "title": "Snatching on Howrah road", "text": "HOWRAH: A goon called an elderly woman 'didi' to divert her attention and snatched two gold bangles from her on a crowded Howrah street on Wednesday.The victim, a 68-year-old had just taken the bangles - worth Rs 1.1 lakh - out of a bank locker for Puja. Police believe she was followed. The snatcher was, in fact, so polite that it took her a few seconds to realize she had been robbed. Police have no suspects yet.Later, the woman's son Kalyan Kar, a businessman lodged a complaint with Howrah police station. \" My mother went to the bank to collect the ornaments following the upcoming puja festival. Suddenly the youth rushed to her and snatched two gold bangles worth Rs 1,10,000 from her hand,\" said Kar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760468", "title": "Garment firm staff robbed of Rs 6.5 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: Two employees of an Udyog Vihar-based private firm were robbed of Rs 6.65 lakh by unknown bikers on the service lane of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Wednesday afternoon. The Sector 18 police have lodged an FIR.Raghunath and Uday, employee sof a garments company, Saffron Tree, located in plot no 230, Udyog Vihar Phase III, Gurgaon, said they had withdrawn Rs 6.65 lakh cash from the HSBC bank branch on MG Road around 11.30am.They were on a bike and had just reached in front of the BPTP building when two unknown bikers came from behind and snatched the money bag from them and sped away. The victims had shouted for help but the accused had vanished in a jiffy. The victims informed their company officials and the police control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761072", "title": "Man kills father over property C-crime routine", "text": "BANGALORE: A fight turned fatal for 66-year-old KSRTC employee Shanmugham who was killed by his son in his house in Kothandaramapuram, Vyalikaval, on Tuesday night.According to police, Shanmugham retired as a mechanic from KSRTC eight years ago and was staying with this wife. On Tuesday night around 9.30pm, his son Prasad came home drunk and picked up an argument with Shanmugam about partition of their property.A family member said that such arguments were common between the father and son. However, things went out of control on Tuesday and Prasad hit his father on his head with an iron rod. Shanmugam was rushed to a nearby hospital with serious head injury, but he succumbed. Prasad was arrested on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16761345", "title": "Ravenshaw vehicle passes", "text": "CUTTACK: Ravenshaw University on Wednesday introduced vehicle pass system on the campus to restrict the entry of outsiders ahead of the students' poll. Over 5,000 vehicle passes have been issued by the authorities to the students and staff. Security guards of the varsity would verify the identity cards and vehicle passes of the students and staff at entry points.\"No vehicles other than those of students, teachers and other varsity staff would be allowed to enter the campus. Even the insiders would have to furnish passes at the gate to enter the campus,\" registrar of the university Smarapriya Mishra said.She added that outsiders coming to the university for official work or for visiting students would have to seek permission from the varsity authorities. Visitors would have to register their vehicle numbers and mention whom they want to meet at the main entrance. They would be allowed only after proper verification. \"The new system has been introduced to check rising incidents of violence on the campus. The initiative will also help us maintain discipline on the campus,\" she added.Besides, the university authorities have stepped up security arrangements in view of the students' union poll scheduled on October 19. Over 20 security guards have been appointed to keep a vigil on the campus. Police teams are also patrolling the campus. Two special squads were formed to keep an eye on the polling activities.The initiative of the university authorities has been welcomed by the student fraternity also. \"The vehicle pass system has been introduced in the university for the first time and it will definitely help check the entry of outsiders, who enter the campus and create nuisance,\" said Biswajit, a student contesting the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759576", "title": "In 15 years, just one buraucrat dismissed after probe in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: If the past is any guide, the Maharashtra government's decision to set up a departmental enquiry against officials in the irrigation scam may not end in severe disciplinary action. In the last 15 years, the state has ordered hundreds of such probes but only on one occasion has an IAS officer been dismissed from service. In scores of other cases, officials were let off with a gentle rap on the knuckles, such as a small cut in pension.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan last week ordered a probe against 113 engineers named in connection with the irrigation scam in separate reports of principal secretaries N K Wadnere and H T Mendhegiri. The probe report, a senior bureaucrat admitted on Wednesday, may not see the light of day any time soon.The existing procedure for departmental enquiries ensures they do not get completed before at least one year. When they do, the report has to be compulsorily sent by the general administration department (GAD) to the concerned department, which decides the quantum of punishment.So, in the latest instance, the process will start with the irrigation department serving show-cause notices, detailing specific charges, on the 113 engineers. The engineers have to reply to the charges within 15 days. These replies, along with copies of the show-cause notices, will then be forwarded to the special inquiry officer of the GAD, who will conduct the actual probe.\"Normally, it takes a year to complete the probe. The GAD has no powers to recommend the punishment; it just has to submit whether the charges were proved or not. The parent department decides the punishment,\" the senior bureaucrat explained.Given the state government's history, there is little to suggest the engineers, even if found guilty, will face the music. In 15 years, only one IAS officer was dismissed after a probe. And that probe was conducted by a retired Bombay HC judge. In most cases, the penalty was relatively mild, ranging from 5-10% cut in pension to withholding of promotion or increment for a year. In very rare cases was the entire pension withheld. \"Errant employees too do not take departmental probes seriously,\" the bureaucrat said.A former chief secretary said, instead of the departmental enquiry, Chavan should have set up a special tribunal, comprising a retired district judge and a senior civil servant. \"If nothing else, the officers allegedly involved in the scam should be sent on leave till the departmental probe is over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16759310", "title": "NPF ready to spread wings in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "Kohima: The ruling Naga People's Front (NPF) is now planning to make inroads in Arunachal Pradesh. This revelation came during the NPF Central Executive Committee meeting here on Tuesday.Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio told the meeting that the NPF is already in touch with like-minded parties in Arunachal Pradesh , though he added they were not in a hurry to officially launch their party in the neighbouring state.The CM said the NPF, which won four seats in the Manipur assembly election, is a force to reckon with and wants to consolidate its position in other states.Rio said since the party's inception , it's symbol (cock) and theme (Fide non armis - By faith, not arms) have remained the same, adding it represents the aspiration of the people and strives to uphold the identity, rich culture and tradition of the Nagas.He claimed that the party had a role to play in ensuring recognition of the Nagas in Myanmar . \"We don't want to take full credit, but we initiated it,\" he said. Stating that emotional integration is very important, Rio said the party looks forward to helping the Naga community grow from strength to strength.He also cautioned party workers to be more careful \"because this is election year\" and said that all parties and candidates have to be prepared for the polls, if declared. He also warned that if anyone is found speaking against the party, the party wouldn't keep quiet and action would be taken against the offender.Asking party workers to avoid considerations of individual interest, Rio sought the unflinching support and cooperation of the workers so that if election is declared, the party can come back to power and run the affairs of the state.Rio also said the NPF-led Democratic Alliance of Nagaland has created history by ruling the state for two consecutive terms and it has done a lot for the people and the state.NPF president Shurhozelie Liezietsu in his address stated that the legislators of the 11th Nagaland Assembly have come together and formed the Joint Legislators' Forum for the purpose of facilitating the ongoing peace process.\"As a political party, the NPF has appreciated the efforts and initiative of the Joint Legislators' Forum,\" he said and termed the coming together of the 60 members, cutting across party lines, as \"unique\". \"It is unique because the purpose for which they have come together is historic. This is a development that never happened in the past and we can't expect it to happen again in future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16761796", "title": "Members of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research panel visit Sivakasi", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Two members of a Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) panel visited Sivakasi and interacted with fireworks unit owners on Wednesday. Earlier, the Planning and Performance division of CSIR announced on September 20 that a committee had been constituted to visit Sivakasi and examine the reasons for accidents in fireworks units. The step was taken after local MP Manick Tagore urged the Centre to act upon the situation. Hence, a committee headed by M O Garg, director, CSIR - IIP , Dehradun , was formed with members such as director, CSIR - CBRI, Roorkee, or his nominee Nabiullah, chief scientist and head, Explosive Research Laboratory, CSIR - CIMFR, Dhanbad, K H V Prasad, senior principal scientist, CSIR - IICT, Hyderabad, Vijay Bukkawar, advisor, Indian Chemical Council and M Suryanarayanan, Chemical Engineering division, CSIR - CLRI, Chennai.From the committee, member conveners M Suryanarayanan and K H V Prasad visited the fireworks hub and held discussions with officials and manufacturers of fireworks on Wednesday. They met district collector T N Hariharan and discussed the fireworks scenario and later visited fireworks major Kaliswari Fireworks and another unit Arumuga Fireworks in Narnapuram near Sivakasi. Later in the evening, the members visited the Fireworks Research and Development Centre and interacted with explosives officials. They also held discussions with members of the Tamil Nadu Fireworks and Amorces Manufacturers' Association (TANFAMA).Suryanarayanan said the initial visit was to know the process of fireworks manufacturing in Sivakasi. The entire team would visit the town after 10 days for a detailed study. \"We will be paying many visits in the future to study fireworks manufacturing in detail and to come out with suggestions on modernisation of the units and engineering expertise for safety,\" he said. The first visit was satisfactory and they will be staying on Thursday as well to visit the accident site at Mudaliapatti, he said. \"We find that people want to change and adopt safe manufacturing practices. We see it as a very positive sign. They have extended their full support in this regard,\" Suryanarayanan said.On Tuesday, thousands of fireworks workers, small-scale manufacturers and members of allied industries took out a rally in Sivakasi and submitted a petition to the explosives department. In their petition, they urged officials to allow reopening of suspended fireworks units to complete unfinished work and to stop intensive raids on units till Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16762409", "title": "State goes slow, kids languish in homes", "text": "CHENNAI: With a large number of children being charged with crime in Tamil Nadu and a limited system to rehabilitate juvenile delinquency, the state faces a tricky predicament.When the Juvenile Justice Act came into effect in 2006, it became mandatory for the government to set up a juvenile justice board in every district in a state. The board is a judicial body that tries cases in which children are charged with crime. Till a few months ago, the state, with 32 districts, had only eight functioning juvenile justice boards.\"All 32 boards were constituted only three months ago. But they are not fully functional,\" said Andal Damodaran of Indian Child Welfare Association . \"Probationary officers (POs) have not yet been appointed in a few districts.\"Rajeshwari (name changed) spends all her time on the road. As a probationary officer of a district, her work involves a lot of travelling to inspect children's homes and investigate cases of children in conflict with the law. Now she also has to travel to a neighbouring district where she fills in for a probationary officer who is yet to be appointed.\"POs have not been appointed in several districts. So some of us have to take additional responsibility,\" she said. \"The state doesn't provide us with a vehicle to travel and we usually bear all the expenses.\"Though the state allows us to claim reimbursements, it takes at least a year for the money to be disbursed.At least five districts do not have probationary officers. \"Tirupur does not have a PO so the Erode PO has taken additional charge of the district ,\" said an official. \"Dharmapuri, Nagapattinam, Ramanathapuram and Cuddalore also do not have POs.\"Probationary officers deal with investigation in all cases in which juveniles are charged with offences, and activists argue that even one PO per district is not enough. This has led to slow processing of cases and many pending cases. In some cases children languish in observation homes for several months, sometimes even years, before their cases are examined.A Comptroller and Auditor General report of 2007 showed that there were 417 pending cases at the time while a state police crime review for 2008 showed 430 pending cases. Police reported 18,379 pending cases in 2011. Despite the large number of pending cases, juvenile justice boards function only three days a week, said T Alagappan, a former bench member of the juvenile justice board in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760402", "title": "Special care for animals in zoo to prevent spread of disease", "text": "INDORE: In a move to improve the health of wild animals in zoo and prevent any possible spread of fatal infections, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) in association with College of Veterinary Sciences, Mhow, has come up with guidelines on medication, feeding and hygiene programmes for animals in captivity of Kamla Nehru Prani Sangrahalya, Indore. This is the first curative-cum-preventive programme to be adopted by any zoo in the country.The guidelines have come after a seven month-long study, survey and screening of the animals. Submitted few days back to the civic body, it says that health of zoo animals can be improved with regular programme of gastrointestinal parasite surveillance and measures of control based on correct diagnosis, effective treatment and proper maintenance of health profile of each animal.Out of 347 samples of faeces screened during the survey, 149 tested positive. This means 42.9% animals at the zoo are infected.Head of medicines department of Veterinary Sciences, Mhow, Dr R K Bagherwal said that parasitic diseases constitute one of the major problem causing morbidity and mortality in wild animals. The animals in captivity are highly susceptible to endoparasitic infections which are contagious to other animals as well as humans. \"The percentage of infection was more in the animals kept in herds than the animals kept in individual enclosures. Poor health of animals in zoo despite healthy nutritional food is mainly because of parasite infection. It can pass through urine and contaminate food and water, which later affect other animals,\" Bagherwal said.Little has been done to understand epidemiology of different parasitic diseases in wild animals kept in Indian zoos. It also limits the curative measures taken in wake of spread of any fatal infection among animals. The survey has prepared a comprehensive detail of parasitic diseases in wild animals and their profiling of different parasitic diseases. Doctors believe that it will be helpful in treatment of wild animals across the country. \"Many diseases of which humans get infected come from animals. So by keeping animals healthy, we can keep humans healthy as well,\" said Dr Bagherwal.Dr Shivani Bante of medicine department said that study was undertaken to understand the prevalence of helminths (parasitic worms causing infections) in different species of captive animals and birds, to compare the efficacy of latest medicine and to evolve effective recommendations for control of infection in wild animals in captivity.Acting municipal commissioner of IMC, Manoj Pushp said that they have received the report and zoo officials have been asked to implement the recommendation with immediate effect.Highlights of the survey* Highest percentage of infection was recorded in tortoises (94.44%) followed by peacocks (90%) and Jeckovin pigeon (88.88%)* In the categories if captive animals in the zoo, the highest overall percentage of infection was reported in the primates (80.65%) followed by herbivores (53.85%), carnivores (28.57%) and birds (32.05%)* In cases of carnivores, jackals have highest percentage of infection at 66.66%* Highest number of positive samples were observed in nilgai (80%) followed by black bucks (78.94%)* White tiger, yellow tiger, leopards and wild cats reported minimum infection as compare to other carnivores", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759644", "title": "Delhi Development Authority to pay 5L for delay in flat delivery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Development Authority has been directed by the state consumer commission to pay Rs five lakh as compensation to an allottee for delay in handing over possession of a flat to him. The commission also directed the DDA to hand over possession of the flat to the allottee within one month. It said DDA's reason that ongoing repairs led to the delay was vague as it did not specify the nature of repairs or the time taken to complete them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760414", "title": "Two incidents of suicide reported", "text": "INDORE: A 23-year-old girl and a security guard of a residential apartment committed suicide in two separate incidents here on Wednesday.The city witnessed two suicide cases including a girl employee of a private firm here on Wednesday.In the first incident, the deceased, identified as Rashmi Jadon and the resident of Nanda Nagar area, had been working in a private firm. The incident came to light when the deceased did not come out of her room until 11 am. Subsequently, her family members saw her hanging from the ceiling of her room. The body has been sent to MY Hospital for post-mortem while further investigation is underway.In another incident, a security guard of Devansh apartment committed suicide by hanging himself from the channel gate of the building over some unknown reason in Vijay Nagar early on Wednesday morning.The residents of the apartment in Scheme 54, noticed the body of a security guard, Atul , 47, a native of Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh, hanging from the main gate. The residents reported the matter at Vijay Nagar police station. The cops brought down the body and sent the same for post-mortem at MY Hospital. The deceased, who was suffering from some health issues, had been working as a security guard at the apartment for more than a decade.No suicide note was recovered and the reason for committing suicide is yet to be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759445", "title": "After meat, food safety officials hunt for rotting dates", "text": "CHENNAI: After rotten meat, bad dates are keeping officials busy. Following tip-offs that large quantities of poor quality dates are being sold in city shops, the state food safety department has formed teams to conduct raids.Sources said that most of these dates are being smuggled in from Maharashtra and stored in unhygienic conditions in godowns for several months before being packed and sold in shops. Food safety officials have identified some of these godowns and would raid in a couple of days.S Lakshmi Narayan, district food safety officer, said: \"There have been several complaints about the poor quality of dates. We have found worms in some of these packets sold in shops. We will soon raid the godowns and send samples for testing.\" According to rules, all the packaged food products should have the ISI mark, Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) serial number, the company's name and address, the manufacturing and the 'best before' dates. But it is being violated by most of the traders. A wholesale date dealer in the city said he gets consignments mostly from Mumbai. \"There are several packaging units in Sowcarpet where they are packed into covers,\" he said.Doctors said decaying dates or those with substandard ingredients can result in digestive problems, vomiting, diarrhoea, fever and nausea. Traders said there are various types of dates available in the wholesale market costing 53 to 1,600 per kg and retailers sell them from 70 to 2,000 per kg. \"Many people can't afford branded dates, so they come here for locally packaged dates,\" said a vendor in Broadway.Consumer activists said that officials should conduct frequent inspections. Consumers Association of India trustee R Desikan said substandard dates could post severe health problems. Desikan has filed a case against a company for selling bad dates.Under the Food Safety and Standard Act (FSSA), 2011, anyone found selling adulterated or substandard food items can be punished with seven years imprisonment and a fine of 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16759329", "title": "Policeman held in Guwahati for extortion", "text": "GUWAHATI: In an incident that brought shame to city police on Wednesday, an ASI of Geetanagar police station, identified as Alokesh Chandra Barua, was found guilty of running an extortion racket with the help of miscreants.However, he was arrested by city police on Wednesday and immediately suspended. The crime branch also arrested three others - Bubul Sharma, Surendra Basumatary and Pakijah Islam in the same case.Police started investigation after Kuldeep Banerjee, a resident of Zoo Tiniali area, complained that she has been constantly harassed and blackmailed by Alokesh Barua, the policeman. \"The ASI and others set a plan to frame the woman. According to the plan, a man and a woman reached her residence and started some activity. Immediately, the ASI and others, pretending as policemen and media people, reached the spot and charged Banerjee with running a flesh trade racket in the area. Then, the police officials bargained with her to brush the incident under the carpet. He asked Rs 20 lakh initially but later settled for Rs 5 lakh. But later, Banerjee lodged a complaint against the ASI,\" said city SSP A P Tiwari.Sources said police caught Barua red-handed when he was about to take the money from Banerjee on Tuesday. The SSP said two others involved in the racket are still absconding. \"Barua was a part of the crime and the conspiracy. A departmental inquiry will also be done against,\" added Tiwari.The accused were booked under sections 120 B, 420, 384, 506, 387 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "16761530", "title": "Fraudulent drawals rampant in Chhapra", "text": "CHHAPRA: Incidents of conmen making fraudulent drawals of huge amounts from banks have come to the fore at Chhapra during the last few days.The first incident was detected on Friday when manager, IDBI Bank , got suspicious over a cheque issued by the education department under the signature of DPO A K Mishra which was presented for encashment by one, Amritesh Prabhakar, of Dharmpura village under Doriganj police station in Saran district. The manager delayed the payment and visited the education department. He was surprised to know that the cheque book was missing from the DPO's table but the bank was not informed. He also gathered that the DPO's signature was not genuine. Similar withdrawal was made from Axis Bank and SBI , agriculture development branch, during the last few days. The total amount withdrawn fraudulently through series of cheques is about Rs 70 lakh.According to Saran district education officer (DEO) Medho Das, several employees of the department including the DPO and clerk Harendra Singh are suspected to be involved in this racket and 10 persons have been named in the FIR lodged with the police. The police have started investigation and the account of Amritesh Prabhakar, the main accused, in Doriganj branch of Union Bank of India and other banks at Chhapra have been sealed by the order of DSP Ravindra Kumar, who is investigating the case.In another sensational fraud, Praveen Kumar , an employee of Civil Surgeon's office, has been suspended for allegedly withdrawing Rs 44,000 from the bank after the DM Vinay Kumar on Tuesday directed the CS to lodge FIR against him. The particular employee was issued a cheque for Rs 4,000 by the CS, but he converted it to Rs 44,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760234", "title": "Goan girl gets 'Earth Heroes Award 2012'", "text": "PANAJI: Nandini Velho from Panaji has been awarded the Earth Heroes' Award 2012 under the Green Warrior category by the Royal Bank of Scotland.The RBS 'Earth Heroes' Awards recognize and honour individuals and institutions who have worked exceptionally hard to preserve and protect ecosystems.The jury comprising several individuals had met early September in Mumbai and selected the winners in the 4 categories of awards from among many deserving nominations.The jury was confronted with several nominations that were presented with good documents, evidences and recommendations. It shows the extent of excellent work that goes on ground, keeping our natural heritage sites protected under challenging circumstances.The awards will be presented to the winners in a ceremony scheduled at 6.30pm on October 14 at Hotel Taj Krishna, Hyderabad, on the sidelines of the Conference of Parties (COP 11) of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity.The jury comprised P Balakrishna, chairman, National Biodiversity Authority, MoEF; Asad Rahmani, director, BNHS, Bhibab Talukdar, director, Aranyak, Guwahati; Bahar Dutt, editor, environment, CNN-IBN; Anish Andheria, director, Wildlife Conservation Trust, Thulsi Rao, India Coordinator, Global Environment Facility; and N Sunil Kumar, The Royal Bank of Scotland NV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16760065", "title": "HUDA administrator reopens U-turn against Punjab and Haryana high court order", "text": "GURGAON: Hundreds of residents living in the societies behind Ambience Mall protested at the 32-lane toll plaza on Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway against blocking of the U-turn after a recent court order. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar then removed the barricade, saying he had enough video evidence of Tuesday's chaos to convince the court that the decision was in the interest of the public.Kumar took the bold step despite the reluctance showed by private concessionaire Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) and local police. The Punjab and Haryana high court in its order on Monday had banned the U-turn near the toll plaza for vehicles going towards Ambience Mall. The court had directed the Haryana police that the U-turn should not be used as a crossover from service lane/carriageway from one side to another side.Kumar, who had observed the traffic jams on Tuesday, reached the toll plaza on Wednesday morning and negotiated with the protesting residents. He then convinced DGSCL officials and local police about his decision to remove the barricade. After this, a crane was brought and the barricades were taken away.The DGSCL officials, however, said the responsibility for violation of the court order was solely that of the HUDA administrator, and insisted that the toll operations were running smoothly. Gurgaon police said their job was to follow the orders of the court. \"We can't allow vehicles to go towards Ambience Mall because that may lead to contempt of court. However, if a senior HUDA official is taking the responsibility, we will not interfere,\" said Ravinder Tomar, ACP (traffic).Later, Kumar visited the area around Ambience Mall to find an alternative route for the residents and mall visitors so that they could avoid the chaos on Expressway. HUDA is now planning a U-turn under Udyog Vihar flyover for this purpose.\"The permanent solution to this issue is to build either a flyover or an underpass from Gurgaon side to service lane towards Ambience Mall,\" said Raj Singh Gehlot, managing director, Ambience Group. The next court hearing is on October 17.DGSCL can't 'paint the sky blue' for you amidst heavy traffic jams and protests by residents on Wednesday morning, private concessionaire, DGSCL, seemed disinterested in commuters' woes. When questioned over absence of proper signboards on the carriageway, Manoj Aggarwal, CEO Highways (O&M;), DGSCL, said \"if they (commuters) were blind, he could not paint the sky blue\". That's not it. When asked for opinion on HUDA's suggestion that one lane on each side of the toll plaza should be made free for commuters to take U-turn, he told the reporter to talk to the official spokesperson, or just write whatever he felt like.After the court banned the 'L' turn, those heading towards the mall or their homes were stranded. People were forced to pay Rs 42 - twice the regular amount - at the toll plaza and take 5-6 km detours just to take a U-turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759840", "title": "Western Railway's struggle ends, finds workers to clear fallen tree", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway's long-distance trains started late on Tuesday, thanks to delay in clearing a fallen tree in the yard due to a religious belief.A branch of a peepal tree, which had extended close to the railway track, was hampering the smooth movement of trains at the Mumbai Central yard. Sources said, \"A portion of the tree had damaged the tail lamp of the Mumbai-Jaipur Duronto Express during the shunting of the train in the yard.\"While there was an urgent need to clear the tree for the smooth movement of trains, it was not easy finding a labourer for the job. Ajay Singh, general secretary, Western Railway Mazdoor Sangh, said, \"Since this period coincides with Pitru Paksh, some labourers were not willing to take up this task, which they feel is not auspicious. However, the officials did manage to get the job done.\"An official said, \"We managed to get the track cleared within the best possible time. Even though the trains may have departed late, it was able to cover up the time during its course of the journey.\"Due to the incident, Rajdhani Express departed 40 minutes late from Mumbai Central on Tuesday, while August Kranti Rajdhani had to pulled out of the station 15 minutes behind its scheduled departure. Some other trains were also delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16762025", "title": "Youths dupe 49-yr-old woman of jewellery", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a broad daylight incident, two youths posing as disciples of a famous spiritual guru, looted jewellery worth two lakh from a 49-year-old woman on Wednesday. The victim was identified as Satya Tripathi, a resident of Rani Mandi under Kotwali police station.Satya's son Rahul told TOI that two unidentified youths intercepted his mother near Chowk crossing and posed themselves as disciples of a spiritual guru. The duo asked Satya to narrate her grievances and once she told them them about her problems, they assured to tell her the technique which would give her rid of all problems.The youths then asked Satya to put all gold jewellery items (which she was wearing) inside her purse. The youths also put Rs 20,000 inside the purse in a bid to win her confidence. After that, the duo asked Satya to meditate. As she started medicating, the duo fled from the scene. An FIR has been lodged with Kotwali police in this connection. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16760421", "title": "Friends murder theft accused for money", "text": "INDORE: A man, who had escaped with Rs 21 lakh from the residence of his relative, was later killed by his friends for the money. Police have arrested two accused who have confessed of murdering Sudhir Swami.Annapurna inspector GS Chaddar informed that on June 26 ,Sudhir escaped with Rs 21 lakh from the house of his maternal aunt who lives in Pashrvanath Colony. Since then, the cops were trying to trace him. During the lookout the police suspected the role of his friends and hence picked up Arjun and Kalu for interrogation.''During the interrogation, they confessed killing Sudhir and escaping with the money which they later shared among themselves.The police are yet to trace the body . Once it is found, the truth will be established. Interrogation is still underway to find the details of other persons who were involved in the crime, said Chaddar.It is suspected that Sudhir was in jail where he came in touch with these accused and had committed the theft in agreement with the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760747", "title": "Students club to spread word about meaningful cinema", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They aim to inspire others through meaningful cinema. Meet the members of 70mm Film Club, which has been formed by students of School of Communication Studies (SCS), Panjab University. The aim of the club is to create awareness on issues concerning the society and promote films and documentaries that touch people's lives.Though still quite new, this film club created by a group of youngsters has already been inviting directors and other people associated with movies and cinema.\"Most of the documentaries that we screen are either national award winning films or those with some meaning attached to them,\" said Ishaan Bhagra, who runs the club along with other students including Silky Chandwani, who assists him, Husaain, who manages technical aspects and Rupinder Kaur, who is the club's treasurer. The group has been managing the club along with their other friends from SCS.The club has already screened movies like \"Boom\", \"Black Friday,\" besides \"Inqlab\" made by local director Gaurav Chhabra among others.Aspiring to replicate the model being followed by best of movie clubs in other institutes and states, the club now allows students of other departments to enjoy the shows too. \"Initially we had started the club for students of SCS, but later when we saw the response of students from other departments who wanted to watch meaningful cinema and take a break from their studies, we decided to open the membership of the club for them too,\" said Silky.Their message, say these students is to spread the word about meaningful cinema.Silky, a second-year student of the school added, \"It has just been one month since we started the club, but ever since the response of students has been really good.\"During the exam days, the club members make sure to de-stress students by making them watch easy, light movies, say members. \"We don't want students to watch serious stuff during exams, so we make sure we have a nice mix of movies,\" said Ishan.\"We showcase unique movies through this club so that they add value to a student's life. Since the club is still very new, we have been making announcements in all classes urging students to come and join us,\" said another member.The creators of the club claim to have gone to all classes in various departments to ensure that everyone gets to know about the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16760110", "title": "Tension in Loutolim as mob attempts to burn house", "text": "MARGAO: Tension erupted once again at Cavorta in Loutolim on Wednesday night, after a mob of irate villagers attempted to set afire the house of Dinesh Mota, who had rented out his premises to Santosh Pujari, the accused who has been arrested by the police on charges of murdering Luis Baptista from the village.On learning about the incident, the Maina Curtorim police rushed to the spot and managed to bring the situation under control. The police have detained one person for interrogations.Police said that trouble began as people started gathering near Mota's house and a few persons set the door of the house on fire. Timely arrival of the large posse of policemen prevented the situation from veering out of control, as the fire was soon put off and the crowd driven away by the police.Significantly, there were no occupants in the house as they were already shifted to a safe location by the police.The police said that Mota had failed to submit the tenant verification details to the local police as mandated by law, and the police have moved the authorities in that regard for taking appropriate action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761845", "title": "Kerala HC backs laity's right over church property", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday ruled that parishioners have rights over church property. Justice K Vinod Chandran gave the ruling while hearing a case over property rights between parishioners and church authorities of 'Mukkad Thirukudumba' Church, Sakthikulangara, Kollam.Parishioners, independently or together as a committee of administrators, are competent to represent the parish and claim rights over the property of the church , the HC ruled. As per Canon Law, church property is vested in the hands of the bishop or the vicar and clearly mandates a consent from either the bishop or the vicar for initiating a litigation.The court held in its judgment that the competence of the plaintiffs (parishioners) cannot be doubted even going by the Canon Law; less so by the law applicable to this land.Church and its properties would not vest in the Pope or the archbishop and the maxim \"Roma locuta est, causa finite est\" (Rome has spoken, case is closed) no longer survives, the court observed in the judgment. The court observed further: \"Canon Law, as it exists now, realises the fences erected by civil law and cautiously veers away from any transgression thereof.\"The court also pointed out that Canon Law was discussed only to answer the right of the parishioners and it shouldn't be understood that Canon Law would override the civil law of the land. Canon Law can have theological or ecclesiastical implication to the parties, but such personal law cannot have any legal impact, the judge quoted from a full bench decision of the high court that was later upheld by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760492", "title": "Laccfed scam: Awadhpal fails to appear before probe team", "text": "LUCKNOW: Awadhpal Singh Yadav, the animal husbandry minister in the Mayawati government, failed to appear before the Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the Co-operative Cell of Uttar Pradesh Police on Wednesday. Instead, he submitted an application with the SIB headquarters in Lucknow through his counsel, seeking exemption from appearance for the next four days.Awadhpal is among the nine former ministers who have been summoned by the SIB for questioning in connection with the multi-crore Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (Laccfed) scam. The SIB has already arrested former minister Badshah Singh for his alleged involvement in the scam. Singh is in jail in judicial custody. Awadhpal, according to SIB sources, has to be questioned for allocating Rs 68 lakh to Laccfed for construction of eight veterinary hospitals.Though Awadhpal cited personal reasons for his failure to present himself for questioning before the SIB, sources said that former minister was actually apprehensive of his arrest by the police in connection with two criminal cases pending against him in which he has been named as an accused. One of the cases relate to his alleged involvement in a riot that took place in Etah during the block pramukh elections held in December 2010. An FIR was lodged in connection with the riots in June 2012 on the directions of the court. The Etah police claims to have been on the lookout for Awadhpal since August 28, 2012.The second criminal case in which Awadhpal is wanted by the police was lodged on October 5, 2012 with the Etah police on the directives of the State Women's Commission. The case relates allegations of rape leveled by a 21-year-old girl belonging to the Scheduled Caste against the former minister and his son Ranjit Singh.Allegations are that a woman of Kasauliya village in Jaithara police circle of Etah was introduced to the former minister through her tenant in July 2011 in connection with a dispute related to a piece of land that the complainant's father had purchased to build shops on the village outskirts. In her affidavit, the woman alleged the minister helped them by providing another piece of land near the site to build the shops claiming the original site belonged to him.The Laccfed scam came to light in February 2012, when a case was lodged with Hussainganj police in Lucknow by the then Laccfed general manager (administration and finance ) PN Singh Yadav accusing the management of embezzlement. Formed under the co-operative department, Laccfed was recognised as state agency in May 2010 and was entitled to undertake small construction/renovation work of government departments not exceeding Rs 10 lakh per contract. The investigations into the case gained momentum after the Akhilesh government came to power in March 2012 after the case was transferred to the Co-Operative Cell of the UPP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760486", "title": "Govt shortlists three developers for IT Park", "text": "LUCKNOW: To expedite the move to set up an Information Technology Park in Lucknow, the nodal agency Lucknow Industrial Development Authority (LIDA) on Wednesday shortlisted three developers to submit financial bids by November 5, 2012. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the LIDA board of directors.In the first round of screening, the government rejected application of the Delhi-based Raheja group. Three other applicants-Aditya Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, Patel Engineering Ltd, Mumbai and Apco Infratech Ltd of Lucknow- who expressed interest in being selected as anchor investor for the IT Park have now been asked to submit the financial bids by November. The highest bidder will be selected as developer.Clarifying that the bidder selected will be responsible for marketing the development of an IT park and also for selling space to interested parties, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Gupta said the government wanted to attract as many units as possible to set up shop and back-end service centres at the IT park.To be built at an estimated cost of Rs 285 crore, the IT park project in Lucknow is proposed to be developed on an area of approximately 1.3 lakh square metres. Once selected, the builder will have to develop the park on the design-finance-build-operate model after the detailed project report is approved by LIDA. To attract top-grade companies to set up shop at the IT park, the government has decided to lease plots to developers for a period of 90 years.On Wednesday, the LIDA board also approved a plan to launch a scheme for inviting non-polluting industries on nearly 90 acres of land. The authority is in the process of obtaining environmental clearances after preparing a layout plan for the purpose. It was also decided to take steps to expand the authority's land-bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760673", "title": "Rabi crops to get water from Khadakwasla", "text": "PUNE: The irrigation department will release water into the Mutha right bank canal from Khadakwasla dam for 40 to 45 days from October 11 to meet the water requirements for the rabi sowing season. Around 1,200 cusecs water will be supplied for farming activities in Daund, Indapur and Haveli talukas of Pune district.A decision to release of water for the rabi sowing was taken during the Khadakwasla canal committee meeting held in the city on Monday. According to the plan, two rotations are planned for rabi - one each in October and January. Each rotation will last for 40 to 45 days. Water release in January will begin around January 25.\"Around 3.75 TMC water will be released in the canal during the rotation starting on Thursday. The water will flow into Mutha right bank canal. The Pune Municipal Corporation will be able to lift water from the canal, while the remaining water will flow downstream,\" said B B Lohar, executive engineer of the Khadakwasla irrigation division.Lohar said the release of water for the rabi season will not affect the water supply to the city which will continue through a closed pipeline and through the canal.According to the plan, a similar rotation is also planned for the summer season. However the canal committee on Monday clarified that the decision regarding summer rotation will be taken during a meeting to be held around February 28, 2013. The irrigation department has decided to reserve enough water in the dams to meet the city's requirements till July 31, 2013. The department will release around 1,050 MLD water per day for the city. About 3.54 TMC water has been released from Khadakwasla for the city in the last three months.The collective storage in the four dams that supply water to the city on Wednesday evening was 28.01 TMC (96.06% of total capacity). Water storage at Panshet was 99.27%, Varasgaon was 98.56%, Temghar was 90.22% and Khadakwasla was 73.53%.Officials of irrigation department said that the collective storage in the four dams was slightly better as compared to last year's stock on same date. Two dams, Panshet and Khadakwasla, have reached their maximum capacities during the current monsoon. Later, water from these dams was released for drinking purposes, agriculture and power generation.Dam Water storage Wednesday's rainfall Rainfall since June", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16761360", "title": "Lokpal begins inquiry into Congress rally violence", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Lokpal on Wednesday formally started an inquiry into the violence during a Congress rally in the city on September 6.The Lokpal has asked state Congress president Niranjan Patnaik to furnish detailed information about the circumstances leading to the clash, which left scores of Congress activists, police personnel and media persons injured. Earlier in the day, Patnaik appeared before the inquiry panel and drew Lokpal's attention about alleged police excess.\"The Lokpal has asked me to submit detailed information about the rally and circumstances triggering violence. We will submit the information within a week,\" Patnaik told media persons.Odisha Governor M C Bhandare had on September 26 ordered a Lokpal probe nearly two weeks after a Congress delegation gave him a memorandum demanding Lokpal probe into the mayhem. Police booked several Congress leaders, including Jagdish Tytler and Niranjan Patnaik, in connection with the violence in which a woman constable was brutally beaten up by the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760894", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation takes temporary steps to manage waste collection", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has temporarily appointed a new contractor for door-to-door collection of garbage in zone A (Nigdi-Pradhikaran) and zone D (Sangvi, Kalewadi and fringe areas) until a permanent contractor is appointed.The PCMC standing committee approved a short-notice resolution for allotment of the contract at its meeting on Tuesday.The PCMC had earlier appointed SWaCH, an autonomous wastepicker cooperative, for door-to-door collection of garbage in zones A and D. In July, SWaCH gave a notice to the corporation for termination of its agreement in protest against the \"unfair dual system of waste collection\" implemented in the city. While two zonal areas, A and D, are covered by SWaCH, the remaining two zonal areas, B and C, are covered by a private contractor.In its notice, SWaCH said that it was promoting an environment-friendly and sustainable as well as user fee-based model in two zonal areas. However, the PCMC, through a private contractor, was running a weight-based waste collection model in the other two zonal areas. This model, SWaCH said, has been denounced by several nations and international best practices documents, since it goes against the principles of reduce, reuse and recycle.R B Chavan, health executive officer, PCMC, said, \"The civic body's contract with SWaCH will terminate on November 1 as per the 90-day notice. So the civic body will have to make provisions for door-to-door collection of garbage in zones A and D. The civic body has invited bids for allotment of contract for garbage collection in these two zones for a period of five years. Since we received only one bid in the stipulated period, we extended the bid period. It will take around two months to complete the work of allotment of this contract. Meanwhile, we had invited bids for a short-term contract for garbage collection in these two zones for a few months as a temporary measure till the allotment of the five-year contract.\" At the meeting held on Tuesday, corporators questioned the civic officials about water-logging that occurred due to the recent heavy rains in various parts of the city. Also, women members demanded that the corporators be given information about the various schemes of the civic urban community department run for the benefit of citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16761234", "title": "CCTV cams to keep eye on stormwater drain", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over frequent cave-ins on the arterial Pedder Road, the civic body now plans to carry out an assessment of the stormwater drain system in the area by installing CCTV cameras under the road.On Tuesday, a 5-ft portion of the road caved in near singer Lata Mangeshkar's building, Prabhu Kunj, after a stormwater drain running underneath collapsed. This led to traffic snarls across the island city. It was the third cave-in to be reported in just four months.Efforts were on to fix the affected portion and civic officials said traffic was allowed to flow smoothly by Wednesday afternoon.While the BMC is planning to float tenders to test a European technology called ground penetration radar, installation of CCTV cameras will be taken up on a priority basis to address the problem.\"The CCTV cameras will be installed inside the drain system and the footage will be recorded on CDs. By examining the footage, we can get an idea of the extent of damage, if any, and the overall condition of the drain,\" said L S Vhatkar, chief engineer, stormwater drains.Vhatkar told TOI that a detailed survey report would be prepared after going through the footage. Based on the report, preventive maintenance of the drain would be carried out. \"We have rehabilitated drains in the city with the help of CCTV cameras. As the dhapa (stormwater) drain is made of stone and has become weak, it keeps collapsing. Till the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation kickstarts the Pedder Road flyover project, we have to ensure there are no more cave-ins,\" he said.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta had told TOI that the process would take at least four months and citizens would be taken into confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762473", "title": "Winter special trains on Konkan route", "text": "MANGALORE: Konkan Railway has announced 12 winter special trains between Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) - Ernakulam and Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) - Tirunelveli. These trains will pass through Mangalore junction.Train no. 01065 will leave LTT at 4.55 pm and reach Ernakulam at 9 pm the next day. The train will operate on October 12, 19 and 26. In the reverse direction, train no. 01066 will leave Ernakulam at 11.30 pm and reach LTT at 2am on the third dayThe train will operate on October 13, 20 and 27. The train will have stops at Thane, Panvel, Roha, Khed, Chiplun, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Sawantwadi, Thivim, Madgaon, Karwar, Bhatkal, Mookambika Road Byndoor, Udupi, Thokur, Mangalore Junction, Kasaragod, Kanhangad, Payyanur, Kannur, Thalassery, Vadakara, Kozhikode, Tirur, Kuttipuram, Shornur, Thrissur and Aluva.The Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) - Tirunelveli train no. 01067 will leave LTT at 4.55pm and reach Tirunelveli at 5.05 am on the third day. The train will operate on October 15, 22 and 29. In the reverse direction, train no. 01068 will leave Tirunelveli at 1pm and reach LTT at 11.45 pm on the next day. The train will operate on October 17, 24 and 31.The trains will halt, apart from the stations mentioned above, at Ernakulam, Quilon, Trivandrum, Neyyatinkara, Kulitturai, Eraniel, Nagercoil Town and Valliyur Stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760563", "title": "Cases against cops for attack on police station", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police team, probing the alleged attack on the Malayinkeezh police station on Tuesday night, suspect the involvement of two civil police officers in the incident. The police have identified them as Suresh Kumar and Rajesh who were working as drivers under the city police.Cases against the two were registered on Wednesday. The two were suspended by the deputy commissioner of police on Tuesday in connection with another criminal case registered at the Nemom police station.On Tuesday, Malayinkeezh police had seized three lorries transporting sand and rocks illegally, from different locations under their jurisdiction. Following this, police allegedly got several calls from the sand mafia for releasing the lorries. When the police did not give in, the mafia attacked the police station at night. Unidentified miscreants, who appeared from the dark, hurled crude bombs at the station and ran away.On Wednesday, rural superintendent of police, A J Thomaskutty, along with the Nedumangad deputy superintendent Mohammed Iqbal visited the police station.An investigation conducted by the police revealed that the two lorries were owned by Suresh Kumar and Rajesh under fictitious names.The duo had been under the radar for quite sometime for their alleged involvement with the real estate and sand mafia in the district.The case registered against them at Nemom police station pertains to terrorizing the residents of Thevar Pazhinji Lane at Thrikkannapuram to forcibly acquire their land properties.The duo, who bought 16 cents of land in the neighbourhood, resorted to violence and muscle power to acquire the rest of the properties so that they could sell them for higher prices. They even caused several troubles such as blocking the access roads to other houses to achieve their purpose.The trouble continued for about a year, following which the harassed residents lodged a police complaint. The complaint was filed by Sajeev, who is the superintendent with the Technical High School at Mancha near Nedumangad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761104", "title": "Gold bars seized at Bengaluru International Airport, 7 arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: Sleuths of the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) have seized 6.6 kg of gold bars and crude gold jewellery worth over Rs 2 crore from seven passengers. They had arrived at Bengaluru International Airport from Colombo.DRI sources said they had been collecting information on professionals smuggling gold into India. \"We got to know a batch of Sri Lankan and Indian carriers is expected to arrive from Colombo by a Sri Lankan Airlines flight on October 8. We could intercept them in the flight successfully. Four Sri Lankan nationals and an Indian confessed they had been carrying gold in their rectum. Fifty gold bars were retrieved and the accused confessed,\" said an official.All these passengers were escorted by a Chennai-based kingpin who was also arrested.DRI additional director-general M Vinod Kumar said a Sri Lankan couple, who tried to smuggle 801 grams of gold bangles and chains worth over Rs 25 lakh, was arrested earlier at the BIA.All the eight arrested have been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760708", "title": "PGI to probe staff apathy in AIDS case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after TOI highlighted the plight of a patient who was asked to break her syringe after blood test as she was HIV positive, the institute has started its investigations to probe the alleged apathy shown by the working staff. However, this is not the lone incident of contempt for the positives - right from visiting the clinics to being admitted in the wards it's a troublesome journey for HIV positive patients.One of the admitted patient in the ward said, \"It's not only the OPDs where discrimination is writ large in PGI's HIV clinics and labs, wards also treat us with scorn. The nurses and medical assistants ask for gloves for taking my blood pressure - they do not want to touch us.\" Narrating the harassment faced on a routine basis, Sapna (name changed) said, \"When I was admitted and had cough, even the doctors jumped away as if I had contaminated the air. Moreover, the entire staff speaks impolitely.\"Confirming that the authorities will deal strictly if any patient is handled rudely, official spokesperson of PGI Manju Wadwalkar said, \"The medical superintendent office has started its investigations. They will look into the matter as the complaint has been received in this regard.\" PGI is the only centre in north selected for free antiretroviral therapy (ART \u2014 treatment for patients suitable for improving immunity).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759563", "title": "New land lease policy to pinch celebrities in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The new land lease policy announced by the government will cover some of the most valuable properties along the suburban coastline. At the same time, it will leave out prominent landmarks in South Mumbai that have been given out on lease by the BMC.The revised rates will affect 1,577 government plots on lease across Mumbai, including the suburban bungalows of A-list industrialists and celebrities like Wipro chairman Azim Premji and actor Shah Rukh Khan . But the policy does not have in its ambit 161 properties (known as W category) leased out by the BMC on behalf of the state government.Officials said the policy will come into effect as soon as a government resolution is issued. The collector will then issue notices to properties whose leases have expired. The policy may apply in cases where occupants go to court but the government submits affidavits confirming the change in rules.Cases where applications are pending with the government, too, may have to submit to the policy. Some such applications are from the occupants of 48 properties on Bandstand and Carter Road, including Premji and SRK. \"We are yet to hear the case. Their contention is that lease rent should not be increased,\" said an official.According to officials, the plots on which the 48 properties stand were leased out in 1906 for Rs 500-600 per annum for the construction of bungalows. But the use of many plots was converted in the late 1960s to build high-rise housing societies.\"The permissions were granted under unusual circumstances. Later, some plots also witnessed commercial use,\" an official said. The government's attempts to raise the rents of these properties were twice foiled in court.The occupants of W category properties include Royal Western India Turf Club, Raghuvanshi Mills, Famous Studios, Tata Sons , Jolly Bhavan No 1 (a residential society), Thomas Cook (India) Ltd , Lawrence and Mayo, Taj Building Condominium of India, Lady Nawajbai Ratanji Tata and Bombay International School. The BMC earns a measly Rs 56 lakh from these properties, with many leases having expired in the late 1980s. \"We were expecting the government to include these properties in the scope of the policy. Their exclusion deprives us of revenue,\" said a disappointed civic official.Government officials said that a day after the new policy was announced, they were thwarting pressure from political and industrial stakeholders; the rules will apply on 666 properties where leases have expired and are due for renewal. \"My phone has not stopped ringing. Corporators and MLAs are continuously calling, decrying the 'unfairness' of the new rules,\" said an official.The officials maintain that contrary to the claims of building lobbies and housing associations that the rules will worsen the real estate slump, the policy is case-specific. \"We have followed the principles of natural justice, keeping in mind court observations. There is no way we would have allowed a select few to pay paltry rents,\" said principal secretary (revenue) Swadhin Kshatriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759596", "title": "Depressed AIDS patient hangs self", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old HIV-positive man committed suicide by hanging at his residence in Alandur on Wednesday morning. The man, a private firm employee who had stopped working after testing positive for HIV a year ago, was married and had two children.He was being treated at the TB hospital near Tambaram and had appeared depressed for the last few days. The depression, police said after talking to his neighbours and friends, was probably due to the stigma attached to the disease.This is a serious problem, say activists working in the field and call for sympathy towards patients. Others say funding for organizations involved in AIDS-related work is dwindling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16761494", "title": "NDA to form government at Centre after 2014 LS polls: Shahnawaz", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Tearing into scam-tainted Congress-led UPA government, former Union minister and BJP national spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain asked the Union law minister Salman Khursheed to come clean on the latest bout of expose on the gobbling of funds for the physically challenged people in his home state UP. Reiterating that snap poll was a distinct possibility, Hussain, addressing a crowded press conference here on Wednesday, remarked that UPA government was in a minority and gasping for life. He declared that the NDA will unequivocally support the no confidence motion if the TMC tables it in the next session of the LS and claimed this will drive the last nail into the UPA tottering government.Taking a swipe at the BSP chief Mayawati and SP chief Mulalyam Singh Yadav, BJP MP from Bahagalpur Hussain said they should see the writing on the wall and make own stand clear vis-a-vis providing the crutch to the UPA government. \"If the Congress-led UPA government was still in the saddle, it is because of its misuse of the central investigating agency CBI,\" he said.In a jibe at the Union finance minister P Chidambaram , who envisioned a 8.2% GDP growth rate, the BJP leader said it was nothing more than a pipedream and pointed out how the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor had sharply differed from him in this perspective and rather focused more on the measures to bridle the inflationary trends and price spiral.Making a frontal attack on the UPA government for clearing the decks to bring FDI in retail , the BJP leader said, \"PM Manmohan Singh was more interested in placating the USA, which was passing through recession, and its concern for the \"aam admi\" in India was a mere fig leaf.The BJP leader also came down heavily on the Central government for its sphinx-like silence over the highly controversial film on the life of Prophet made in America, and said the Congress' concern for the minorities was only skin deep. Exuding confidence that the NDA will come back to power after the next LS poll, Hussain said people have already made up their mind to dump the UPA, which is neck deep into graft.Replying to a query, the BJP national spokesperson declared that the NDA is thoroughly intact and will bag all the forty LS seats in Bihar. Talking of BJP's proposed Hoonkar rally in Patna on April 13 next, the BJP leader said the rally will not only be the biggest ever rally in Bihar , but will give a 'good-bye' to the UPA government at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16761727", "title": "K N Nehru gets 2,000-page charge-sheet in assets case", "text": "TRICHY: DMK leader K N Nehru and his wife were on Wednesday served a 2,000-page charge-sheet in connection with the disproportionate wealth case filed by the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) in October 2011. Nehru asked for a month's time to read the charge-sheet. However, the court adjourned the case to October 29.The case relates to the disproportionate assets of the both Nehru and his wife Santha allegedly amassed when he was a minister in the erstwhile DMK regime. Incidentally, Nehru did not attend the last hearing on September 26 on health grounds, though his wife did. It was then rumoured that Nehru did not appear in the court since he feared arrest in the latest Ariyalur land-grab case.The judge then wanted two solvency certificates with two sureties each for an amount that should be more than Rs 5 lakh. The Rs 10 lakh solvency certificate was on Thursday presented in the court on behalf of the Nehru couple.Interestingly, the disproportionate assets case had named Nehru, Santha and their son Arun, but he was left out in the charge-sheet.Nehru's lawyer Baskaran told TOI that he needs to study the relevant points in the charge-sheet in case he wanted to file a discharge petition. In case the defence decides to file a discharge petition, police will have to file a counter petition before the actual trial started. Baskaran said the all the three accused in the case had already filed statutory replies explaining the origins of the seized items.Meanwhile, the bail application of Nehru in the Ariyalur land grab case in which he is implicated as the third accused comes up for hearing in the Madras high court on Thursday. The latest land grab case was registered against Nehru, his relative Selvaraj and his wife Vijayalakshmi for allegedly usurping 17 acres of land from the complainant Kathirvel in Ariyalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759868", "title": "Mumbai petrol pumps to run one shift from Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: Petrol pumps in the Mumbai metropolitan region will operate a single shift, from 9am to 5pm, from Monday. This means you may not get petrol or diesel if you go to the pump after 5pm. and this could be a major problem during the festive season next week.The pump owners are demanding a hike in dealer's commission and speedy implementation of the Apurva Chandra panel report.General secretary of Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers Ravi Shinde said, \"We are determined to go ahead with the one-shift operation as this is the only way to cut costs. The ever-increasing price of petrol and diesel and high cost of petrol pump operation with erosion of dealer margin has rendered majority of petrol dealers unviable. With our backs to the wall, we decided to reduce the working costs.\"He added, \"It is not that oil firms are averse to this situation. In fact, there was a formation of Apurva Chandra committee in September 2010 to address this issue along with other financial matters. The panel report was uploaded on the petroleum ministry's website, but no action has been taken on its implementation,\" he said. \"It has been decided that from October 15, all petrol pumps will operate a single shift, thereby attempting to reduce manpower costs and cost of electricity. Customers will have to plan their purchases accordingly.\"He expects support from petrol pump owners across the country.As an exception, the pumps will sell petrol after 5pm only to ambulances and for emergency services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759518", "title": "Poisoning proved in Versova homoeopath Rameez Chougle's death", "text": "MUMBAI: The viscera report of Versova homoeopath Rameez Chougle shows that he died of phosphine poisoning like his sister Rehab. Rameez passed away within hours of his bedroom being fumigated for bedbugs on July 3.Similar traces of poison had been found in Rehab's stomach wash. Unnatural death has been established and it remains to be seen if it was accidental or some mischief was involved, said experts.An official from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) at Kalina confirmed that like Rehab, Rameez also could have died of aluminum phosphide poisoning. \"We have detected aluminum phosphide in his stomach, spleen and liver. There is a good possibility that the chemical was ingested. Now, it is for the police to interpret the findings,\" he said.\"The police slipped up in not collecting samples of the food the siblings ate that night (after the pesticide treatment). This may render the findings less relevant. Still, the quantity of poison in Rameez's stomach can show whether it was consumed intentionally or unintentionally,\" said another expert.Both additional CP Vishwas Nagre-Patil as well as police surgeon S M Patil, who is part of the committee probing the forensic aspects of the case, said they were yet to receive the report.The siblings' parents, Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle, did not take calls on their cellphones. They had left for Muscat, where the former works, a day after Rameez's body was disinterred on September 17.\"We do not suspect their roles. Our line of investigation does not need to change even now. We do not require the parents' presence even if it turns out that both children committed suicide. This cannot be a case of homicide,\" said a senior officer, adding: \"I have met the parents. They were grieving.\"Gayasuddin works as a marketing manager at Capital Insurance Services in Muscat. A neighbour in Panch Dhara apartment, Yari Road, confirmed that the couple left the day after Rameez's body was exhumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761238", "title": "Students stage march against 'insensitive' authorities", "text": "JAIPUR: Commerce College students staged a peaceful march on Wednesday against the city police and university administration for allegedly not paying attention to the case pertaining to one Jitendra Singh who has been battling for life after sustaining injuries in a clash on October 4.Six days since the clash the police have failed to nab the accused, the students complained. Police, though, said two accused have been arrested.Twenty-year-old Singh is a student of Commerce College, one of the constituent colleges of Rajasthan University.Singh, who stays in the university hostel, was returning from a gym with his friends when a group of Gautam Nagar residents attacked them, and hit Singh with iron rods.He was rushed to SMS hospital where after examination he was shifted to neuro-surgery ICU, and put on a life support. His condition became critical the same night and respiratory rate dipped to below normal. Doctors had to conduct tracheotomy and since then he has been on a liquid diet.Doctors attending to him said his condition is still critical and is yet to regain consciousness. \"Nothing can be said at his moment on his recovery,\" a doctor said. Singh's father is in neck-deep financial troubles. Students have also demanded monetary assistance by the government and university administration for Singh.Surendra Singh Palsaniya, a protesting student, accused the university administration of being insensitive and not caring to meet Singh and family at the hospital. The students delegation met V-C BL Sharma on Wednesday who assured them of cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16762304", "title": "I-League: Arrows target two-on-two", "text": "KOLKATA: Having made a bright start in the I-League by beating Mumbai FC 3-2, Arrows will be eager to keep the good work going when they face another Mumbai outfit, Air India, at the Salt Lake Stadium on Thursday.Their come-from-behind win over Mumbai FC must have been a big boost for Arrows, who impressed in the Federation Cup also - winning one and sharing points in the other two games, including one against the mighty Dempo. Goalkeeping coach Tanumoy Bose, though, doesn't want to read too much into the 'success' yet. \"Yes we have made a good start, but we have won just one match... we have a long way to go. The boys are confident but not over-confident.\"The AIFF's developmental side will start with the same XI. The onus will again be on Holicharan Narzary, who scored a brace against Mumbai FC, and Alwyn George to get the goals. Arrows should take heart from the fact that the Air India defence looked shaky during their 1-5 rout at the hands of 10-man United SC in Round 1.Coach Arthur Papas missed Arrows' first game as he had flown to Australia for visa issues, but he is expected to be back in time for Thursday's game.The Mumbai-based club, which won the Durand Cup, got a rude jolt from United SC the other day, but coach Godfrey Pereira thinks his boys have been able to put that disappointment behind them. \"We are confident of doing well against Arrows and the boys are also motivated,\" said Godfrey, who has two foreigners at his disposal - Elijah Junior and Henry Ezeh.With an eye on a maiden win, Godfrey could effect a couple of changes to the team that started against United SC.Thursday actionIn Gangtok: United Sikkim vs East Bengal In Pune: Pune FC vs Mumbai FC In Margao: Churchill Brothers vs ONGC (Live on Ten Action Plus from 7pm) In Kolkata: Arrows vs Air India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760934", "title": "Four held under immoral act", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a raid on a hotel in Shivpuri, the police on Wednesday afternoon arrested three couples, who were caught in a compromising position. A head constable, Amrik Singh, was also nabbed during the check. Assistant commissioner of police (north) Swapan Sharma said, \"We had received a tip-off that illegal activities were being carried out at the hotel.\"\"The hotel owners used to charge a high price for it,\" he added.The station house officer of Basti Jodhewal, Balwinder Singh, said all the arrested accused were from Ludhiana. \"A couple has been released, as their parents came to the police station and told us that the two were engaged. A case under immoral act has been registered against the other two couples. Disciplinary action will be taken against the accused constable,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759593", "title": "HC comes to rescue of HIV+ driver, orders reinstatement", "text": "CHENNAI: Coming to the rescue of a HIV-positive bus driver, the Madras high court has directed the state transport corporation to reinstate him in service, in a job requiring less physical work, but with the same salary and allowances.Justice D Hariparanthaman, allowing the plea of the driver who tested positive for HIV in January 2010, said: \"It is settled that the transport corporation is bound to provide alternative employment, if the medical board finds that he could not do heavy work. It is admitted that the petitioner is an AIDS patient and the medical board found that he could discharge light duties.\"The driver joined the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation's Salem division as a daily wager in May 1998 and in September 1999 his services were regularised. After an unblemished service for more than 11 years, he started falling ill frequently. In January 2010 he tested positive for HIV and began treatment at the Government Mohan Kumaramangalam Medical College Hospital in Salem.He was unable to discharge his regular duties due to his illness and was forced to take all the available leave. The management initiated punitive action against him for unauthorised absence from March 12, 2011. His representation to the authorities that his continued absence was due to his medical condition and action against him be dropped fell on deaf ears, as he was directed to appear before the corporation medical officer for examination.On October 15, 2011, the medical officer of the corporation examined him and found him 'not fit' for the driver's job.He immediately approached the Madras high court invoking Section 47 of the Persons With Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995, seeking alternative employment with pay protection. After this petition was filed, he was referred to a medical board at the Government Mohan Kumaramangalam Medical College Hospital in Salem. On April 9, 2012, the board found that he could not do heavy work, but could be used for light work. When the matter was taken up for hearing, the management informed the court that appropriate orders would be passed soon on the basis of the medical board's report.Justice Hariparanthaman, however, cited the mandatory duty of the management under the PWD Act and said the driver should be provided with alternative employment within two weeks, and his pay too should be protected by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16762231", "title": "In just 4 days, UK PM gets 100k Twitter followers", "text": "LONDON: British Prime Minister David Cameron's debut on popular micro-blogging site Twitter is proving to be quite a hit with more than 100,000 followers in four days, though most have signed up to abuse him.The Prime Minister ignored his own advice about the perils of Twitter and signed up to the micro-blogging site on Saturday night, promising more 'edgy' political output.Four days later @David_Cameron has attracted more than 100,000 followers, been bombarded with abuse and posted the obligatory photo of food, the Daily Mail reported. Before the account was set up aides promised it would be an \"edgy\" and \"more political\" outlet for the Prime Minister to target voters.The official Downing Street accounts is covered by Civil Service rules on impartiality and cannot be used for party political purposes. To date it has been rather more sedate, consisting of posts praising speeches by colleagues, alerting people to imminent TV appearances and photos of charity work.The response has been rather more boisterous than the Prime Minister's own tweets, with users posting a stream of abuse often aimed at Cameron's wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh/mohali", "code": "16760725", "title": "October festivals to keep Tricity institutes busy", "text": "CHANDIGARH/MOHALI: October fest is adding zing to the lives of youngistanis, with various educational institutes in and around city hosting academic, technical and cultural events.Panjab University's zonal fest will kick off from October 14 for zones A and B in Government Home Science College, Sector 10, and DAV college, Sector 10. PTU Inter-college Zonal Youth Festival is going on at Indo Global Colleges in Abhipur. And PU University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) will host \"Aavishkar\", a technical fest, and \"Efficycle\", a contest to create the most innovative cycle, from October 12.PTU Inter-college Zonal Youth FestAn innovative youth festival, it was launched on Wednesday at Indo Global Colleges. The two-day fest took off to a brilliant start with over 2,000 participants from 41 PTU colleges in the region. The festival 2012-13 is dedicated to the mathematical legend, Srinivasa Ramanujan, who made substantial contribution in the areas of mathematical analysis, number theory, infinite series and continued fractions. Chairman of Indo Global Colleges Sukhdev Kumar Singla said such activities provide a wonderful opportunity to students to meet, learn and inspire each other.Aavishkar-12UIET held a curtain-raiser event on its technical fest \"Aavishkar-12\" on Wednesday. The fest will be organized on October 15 and 16 at UIET, PU. The website of ''Aavishkar'' was launched on the day. It was announced that \"PU Idea Catalyst\", an event that is a part of the fest, would be held from October 12 to 14. The event is an entrepreneurial workshop aimed at nurturing the enterprising skills of students. During the event, mentors - most of who are CEOs or co-founders of various corporates -- will delve on various facets of being an entrepreneur. Besides, it will have many events like \"Robowars, Robo Rally and Mindboggle: The Quiz\", among others.Efficycle-2012It is an inter-collegiate design-cum-race competition being hosted at UIET from October 12 to 14. It aims at providing an opportunity to young engineers to explore the ''environment-friendly and economical'' solutions for day-to-day needs. The task requires designing, fabrication and validation of an electrically-assisted and human power-driven three-wheeled vehicle capable of seating two persons. In the event 62 qualified teams from various engineering colleges across India \u2014 including four IITs \u2014 will compete against each other. The grand finale is the \"Endurance Race\" which will take place on October 14 on 1.4 km circuit track suitably prepared on UIET campus.ChordsKick starting the activities of the session, PEC music club on Wednesday organized its first event of the semester - \"Chords\". The day saw the talented new recruits unleashing their talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760266", "title": "Pao now Rs 3 a loaf", "text": "PANAJI: Pao, the staple at most Goan breakfasts, and a multi-utility food supplement, became dearer from Wednesday, as bakers sold their product at Rs 3.The traditional bakers had arrived at a consensus of hiking the price of pao by 50 paise a few days back. \"We had agreed earlier but decided on Tuesday to hike it officially from the next day,\" all Goa bakers association president Agapito Menezes told TOI.Bakers had proposed a hike of 1.50 per loaf but this evoked criticism from consumers, and bakers later revised the price to 3 a loaf, though without any weight restriction. The price of a loaf of bread was 2.50 per 50 gm earlier. Countering the criticism, bakers had stated that they were trying to juggle with rising costs of inputs for quite some time without any external support.\"A 90kg bag of flour costs 2,100 now instead of 1,500 a few weeks back, while firewood costs 15,000 per truckload now instead of 6,000 about a decade back,\" a baker said.The bakers met chief minister, Manohar Parrikar on Monday night and held discussions with him regarding a subsidy to help battle the rising costs. A package is likely to be offered to bakers by the industries department within the next few days.Around 1,000 bakers in South Goa and about 500 in North Goa sustain their families on this traditional occupation. \"It has been a family business for us, not exactly an industry, and our parents along with their children have eked out a living on it,\" Agapito Gomes, a Salcete-based baker said.The changing times have witnessed a social change with most of the labour now being derived from neighbouring states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759703", "title": "Massive fire at BHEL plant in Bhopal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A massive fire broke out at the BHEL plant in Bhopal on Wednesday when a 200 kW transformer exploded and the 19,000 litres of oil that it contained caught fire.Sources said that the incident took place around 9.45 am when the transformer was being tested at block 3. \"With the impact of the explosion the roof of the electrical panel building was blown off. The transformer contained 19,000 litres of oil which spread in the area including the underground cable gallery. As a result, a massive fire engulfed the entire area,\" said sources.The fire wing officers of CISF reached the spot first. The team comprising of 150 security personnel and 35 men from the fire wing battled with the fire till the state fire service, the municipal corporation and Air Force officials also reached the spot. A total of 15 fire tenders were continuously used to control the fire which was finally brought under control around 4.30 pm.\"Transformer testing area block no 3 was totally gutted due to the fire. Smoke is still emanating from the site and CISF fire wing personnel were present at the spot till late night to eliminate the fire. Three personnel were also injured during the process. There was no reports of any causality due to fire but the material loss has been estimated to be in crores,\" said Hemendra Singh, PRO, CISF. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16761247", "title": "Water bodies getting polluted due to immersion", "text": "JAIPUR: Year after year, religious festivals culminate with idol immersions in lakes and rivers. As hundreds of idols are immersed, little thought is given to the damage it is causing to the water -- a vital abiotic component of our ecosystem. And despite several research papers reiterating that religious faith is polluting rivers and lakes, no effort is made to undo the pollution caused.\"Heavy metals are known to be persistent in the aquatic environment and gradually accumulate and magnify through the process known as bioaccumulation and biomagnifications. Vermillion, also called Sindoor, a traditional cosmetic of Hindu married women (and used to adorn the statues) has lead and mercury as heavy metals that lead to toxicity in aquatic animals. Plenty of synthetic sindoor used in idol immersion finally reaches the higher levels of food chain and can be harmful,\" says a bio-medical and pharmacology journal.The idols are made up of clay, plaster of paris, cloth, paper, wood, thermocol, jute, adhesive material, synthetic paints etc. Out of the all material used in making the idol, thermocol is non-biodegradable while paints contain heavy metals such as chromium, lead, nickel, cadmium and mercury. The findings of the study show increased heavy metals contamination after idol immersion.According to Central Pollution Control Board guidelines, State Pollution Control Boards (SPCBs) should undertake water quality assessment. Water quality monitoring should be conducted at three stages -- pre-immersion, during immersion and post immersion.And to prevent pollution, CPCB suggests: \"It would be appropriate to use traditional clay for idol making rather than baked clay. Use of painted idols should be discouraged. In case painted idols are used, water soluble and non-toxic natural dyes may be used. Use of toxic and non-degradable chemical dyes should be strictly prohibited. Natural colors used in food products and permitted in pharmaceuticals may be preferred.\"Every year we send the guidelines to the administration. But considering the religious sentiment this becomes a big challenge,\" said D N Pandey, member secretary, Rajasthan Pollution Control Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761767", "title": "Germans conned by Kochiite file complaint", "text": "KOCHI: Five German citizens were allegedly duped by a city resident after he promised them jobs in a school that was to be set up in the city. The incident came to light when the Germans filed a complaint against the person identified as George Thomas at the Kakkanad police station on Wednesday.In their complaint, German citizens Anita Brown, her husband Rafeal Brown, Andreij Waldemar Iwancyz, Katarina Fisher and Petra Sauer alleged that Thomas offered them jobs in a German school, which he was setting up in Kochi.\"I was given a work contract and I started recruiting school teachers from Germany. But, when we reached Kochi, he convinced us that the project did not take-off as planned due to fund crunch. He sought our support for the project and we funded nearly Rs 6 crore,\" alleged Anita Brown. She revealed that Thomas possessed a German passport and they had met him in Germany.They alleged that Thomas introduced himself as the managing director of Bayern Mercantile Ltd. \"The contract assured a payment of $24,000 a year and monthly healthcare benefits amounting to Rs 22,440,\" she said.In her complaint she said that when she and her husband reached Kochi on September 3 on a visit visa, Thomas assured that he would convert it to a work permit visa using his political connection. \"Three members of our group went back to Germany. We are camping here to take legal action against Thomas,\" she added.Kochi: Five German citizens were allegedly duped by a city resident after he promised them jobs in a school to be set up in the city. The incident came to light when the Germans on Wednesday lodged a complaint against the person identified as George Thomas of Kakkanad with the police.In their complaint, the German citizens identified as Anita Brown, her husband Rafeal Brown, Andreij Waldemar Iwancyz, Katarina Fisher and Petra Sauer had alleged that George Thomas offered them job in German school, which he was setting up in Kochi.\"I was given a work contract and I started recruiting school teachers from Germany. But when we reached Kochi, he convinced us that the project did not take off as planned due to fund crunch. He sought our support for the project and we funded nearly Rs six crore,\" Anita Brown alleged and said that George Thomas possessed a German passport and they met him in Germany.They alleged that George Thomas introduced himself as Managing Director of Bayern Merchantile Ltd. \"He gave a work contract assuring a payment of 24,000 dollars yearly and monthly healthcare benefits of Rs. 22,440 after we expressed our interest in the project to set up the school,\" she added.As per the complaint, she along with her husband reached the city on September 3 on a visit visa after George assured that he would convert it to a work permit visa using his political connection. \"Three members in our group went back to Germany. We are camping here to fight legally against George,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16761013", "title": "HC rejects bail to 2 forest officials", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday rejected bail to IFS officer S Muthaiah and SP Raju, a retired deputy director of mines and geology department.Both the petitioners are arrayed as accused in the Associated Mining Corporation ( AMC ) involving former tourism minister G Janardhana Reddy relating to illegal mining controversy.\"The accused were holding responsible positions during the relevant period. The CBI needs to record the statement of many persons who were subordinates to these accused. Many documents are also required to be recovered. This court cannot brush aside the apprehension of the CBI that the accused may tamper with the witnesses and also hamper the further investigation if enlarged on bail,\" Justice HN Nagamohan Das observed while rejecting their petitions.The two petitioners while seeking bail claimed that they were no longer required in custody as the final chargesheet had been filed.The CBI, however, said these two accused are prime accused in the fresh cases registered by it on September 13 based on the Supreme Court's latest order on September 7 to probe illegal mining and export of iron ore from Bellary, and also alleged illegal export of ore from Belekeri port near Karwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16760030", "title": "No fear of law in Goa: Goan people's forum", "text": "PANAJI: The Goan people's forum (GPF) has said that the rape of a minor girl at three different places is an eye opener for the government and has shown that there is no fear of law in Goa.Convenor of the forum, Satish Sonak, said that the government doesn't appear to be serious about such matters, and is totally inefficient on law and order in the state.He said the citizens had a hope that chief minister Manohar Parrikar would change the situation but insensitivity appears to be deep-rooted. He said public memory is short but that doesn't mean that the government try to take people for granted on such important issues. Stating that only political will is needed to change the situation, the former Goa coordinator of India Against Corruption , Goa, said the government must ensure that fear of law is instilled in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16760476", "title": "'Fix new power tariffs in 5 days'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking on UP Electricity Regulatory Commission for causing inordinate delays in issuing tariff orders, the state government on Wednesday directed the commission to fix tariffs within five days.Alleging the delay was resulting in loss of revenue to the power sector, instructions, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said, were issued in keeping with Section 108 of the Electricity Act.Speaking to TOI, Gupta said: \"World over, regulatory commissions are supposed to raise power tariffs annually. But in UP, tariffs have not been raised for the past 4 years. The incumbent government has approved a power tariff increase for railways, commercial usage and industrial purposes. Without a tariff order by the regulatory commission, the changes cannot be effected.'' tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762378", "title": "Major burglary at Lal Darwaza temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Making a mockery of the 'heavy' police bandobust in the city, burglars broke open into the famous Lal Darwaza Mahankali temple in the early hours of Wednesday and escaped with gold and silver jewellery adorning the deity. The thieves also decamped with the diamond bindi on the forehead of the deity that was gifted by Nizam VII, Mir Osman Ali Khan. This was the second temple theft in a span of four days in the neighbourhood and angry locals staged a protest in front of the place of worship seeking quick police action.The theft which the police estimates took place between 2-3 am was discovered a few hours later by a teenager sweeping the surroundings of the temple, who found the main door lock of Simhavahini Mahankali temple broken.Temple priest Narasimhaiah and temple committee members Raju Yadav, trust chairman G Mahesh Goud rushed to the spot and discovered that burglars had entered the main temple by breaking three locks __main door, queue grill and sanctum sanctorum__and escaped with gold, silver ornaments and a diamond bindi of the presiding deity, Mahankali. Though historically a significant temple from where one of the Bonalu processions begins, it does not have a guard. Even the priest does not stay on the premises.The Chatrinaka police were alerted about the incident and by 7.30 am, senior officials, including deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Akun Sabharwal, reached the spot.\"In his complaint to the police, temple trust chief Raju Yadav stated that gold ornaments weighing about 120 grams, silver ornaments weighing four kilos and a diamond bottu (bindi) were stolen,\" the DCP said.He revealed that the Clues team was summoned for gathering forensic evidence from the crime spot and they managed to collect 10 fingerprints from the location. Preliminary analysis at the Central Crime Station's Finger Print Bureau has revealed that the prints belong to three different persons and the screening process has begun to find a match with known property offenders.When news broke out about the theft at the Mahankali temple, local BJP supporters staged a dharna in front of the temple. The protesters demanded immediate arrest of the culprits and restoration of its sanctity as per Agamashastra.Police suspect the burglary at the Lal Darwaza Mahankali temple could be the handiwork of an organised gang operating in the city. They are trying to find the whereabouts of notorious burglars who have been out of the jail for sometime now.While police have to take the blame for failure in providing security outside the temple, the temple trust also seems to be equally responsible for the incident. After preliminary probe, police discovered that no security guard was posted at the temple nor CCTV cameras were in place. Sources revealed that police had put up a surveillance camera near the temple for Ganesh festival, but it was removed after the immersion procession was over.On several occasions in the recent past, senior police officials admitted that communal elements were trying to disrupt peace by creating tension between communities. Despite knowing this, police failed to put up a police picket at the temple and even the night patrol team failed to notice that the temple lock was broken. After the incident, the trust members demanded that the government install CCTV cameras. As part of the probe, police are looking into traffic surveillance camera footage. \"There are two CCTV cameras at Nagulchinta junction, but the place is about half-a-kilometre from the temple and we are not sure if the burglars arrived at the temple from that direction. So, the footage verification may not be too useful,\" an investigation officer said.Burglaries were reported at several temples across the city in the past few months. On Saturday night, burglars entered Seetaramachandra Swamy temple in Shamshabad and escaped with Rs 2,000 from the hundi. On the same night 5.8 kilos of silver ornaments were stolen from Hanuman temple in Uppuguda.According to Central Crime Station sleuths, the main suspects include one Prakash Sahu of Chattisgarh, known for burglary at the famous Kanakadurga temple in Vijayawada. Other than the local gangs, some inter-state operators from Karnataka and West Bengal were also suspected to be holed up in the city. \"Fingerprints of some notorious property offenders have been found at recent burglary spots. We are trying to locate them,\" another investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16762464", "title": "Sariska set to get three more tigers", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Sariska tiger translocation project bearing fruit in the form of two cubs, the stage is set for Sariska to get three more tigers. In fact, the second phase of the translocation will see the forest department trying to introduce fresh blood into the 866 sq km forest.\"Plans have been finalized for the shifting of three big cats to Sariska. One of the tigress will be from Ranthambore and two more (one male and one female) will be relocated from outside the state. It could either be from Madhya Pradesh or Maharashtra and we are talking to both the states,\" says V S Singh, additional chief secretary, environment and forest, government of Rajasthan.The optimism of the forest department in taking the experiment forward stems from the recent sighting of not just one but two cubs last month, nearly four years after the first translocation of male tiger ST1 was done in Sariska. That was on a rainy June morning in 2008.But the joy was shortlived. In the backdrop of numerous controversies on the experiment that began gaining ground, the tigers failed to bring in a litter despite numerous occasion when they were seen mating. This at a time when the Panna tiger reserve, that aped the Sariska experiment, was bursting with cubs. The big jolt came one November morning in 2010 when ST1 was poisoned by villagers.The forests department then relocated a male tiger that had strayed away into Bharatpur from the Ranthambore tiger reserve, taking the total count of big cats once again to five \u2014 two males and three females.\"We have identified the tigress that will be brought from Ranthambore. Currently the tigress is with her cubs but soon the cubs will become sub-adults and go their way. That is when we plan to bring her into Sariska. In fact, the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA) has already given an in-principle nod for it,\" added V S Singh, additional chief secretary, environment and forest, government of Rajasthan.On the tiger to be brought from outside, A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan, revealed, \"There was a meeting last month in Delhi with officials of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA )and Wildlife Institute of India (WII). Both the bodies were apprised of the plan. At least one tigress will be brought from Madhya Pradesh. But there will be a study done by WII to see if the tigers are compatible before they are actually brought in.\"However, cynics already see the move as a confused step. \"Initially the forest department had expressed opinions of wanting to keep the Ranthambore breed of tigers pure. Why the sudden change in plans? Moreover, just two cubs may be too early to call the experiment a success. But it is not just numbers... what about making the habitat safer for tigers. Just last month there was an incident of a leopard being poached in Sariska. Added to that there has been little effort in relocating more villages or even curbing traffic on the roads that skirt the reserve. The forest department should first initiate these then take the experiment forward,\" conservationists felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16763673", "title": "Shweta Tiwari plans a party to celebrate divorce", "text": "Shweta Tiwari and Raja Chaudhary are legally divorced. The separation came through yesterday afternoon at Bandra Court. The actress, who had filed for divorce five years ago, told TOI, \"I am throwing a party at Hotel Sea Princess on Thursday.\"With the divorce, Raja has got a flat in Dheeraj Apartments, which he had been demanding from Shweta. The actress said Raja had, in Court, on Wednesday, told her, \"If I get a flat from you, I won't insist on meeting our daughter Palak.\"According to Shweta, her new lawyer Kalpana Ashar made all the difference. \"I fought for my freedom for five years in Court. I changed my lawyer. Thanks to Kalpana, I got my divorce in two hearings. She took the trouble of personally speaking to Raja on more than one occasion. Better sense prevailed, and we have now gone separate ways,\" said Shweta.There wasn't much conversation between her and Raja during the last hearing except for her conceding to his request. \"He requested clicking a photograph with him when we walked out of Court and I complied. He said he wanted one last picture of me with him,\" Shweta said.When filing for divorce, Shweta had alleged Raja used to come home drunk, and beat her up. In an interview with TOI on May 10, 2010, she had made some startling revelations. She had said Raja had undergone treatment for alcoholism at Maseena Hospital a few years ago.Happy to be free at last, Shweta sighed, \"All's well that ends well.\" Is she contemplating marriage with her boyfriend, Jaane Kya Baat Hai co-star Abhinav Kohli? \"A big burden has been taken off my head. Let me enjoy being light for some time. But yes, I will probably marry again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761602", "title": "Ex-CPM minister Gautam Deb's son accused of murder bid", "text": "KOLKATA: A molestation and murder-bid complaint by a Bidhannagar College student against the son of former CPM minister Gautam Deb turned into a political row on Wednesday.The complainant, the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad's college unit secretary, also says that Deb's son Saptarshi, an SFI leader, tried to run her over with a car. Police have charged Saptarshi with molestation and attempt to murder. The SFI has called the complaint \"baseless and motivated.\"The girl says that she was on her way back from college around 3.40pm when Saptarshi and three of his friends made lewd gestures at her. She says she ignored them and tried to return to the college but Saptarshi and the others followed her in a car and tried to ram her at Laboni More. She jumped out of the way but one of the four got out of the car and pulled her by the pallu, she says.Trinamool's Rajarhat MLA Sabyasachi Datta, who is also the Bidhannagar municipality vice-chairman, said: \"Saptarshi is no way involved with Bidhannagar College. What was he doing there? I'd ask Gautam Deb to keep his own house in order before attacking the chief minister,\" Datta said.The SFI rejected the allegations. \"There are many inconsistencies in the girl's statement. How can somebody try to molest and also try to run her over at the same time?\" SFI state secretary Debajyoti Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760792", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan's sister wishes him happy birthday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As Big B's fans get into celebration mode on 70th birthday of Bollywood's super star across the city, 65-year-old Harvinder Kaur fondly recalls her association with him as his younger cousin.\"I am looking forward to calling up Amitda to wish him a happy birthday. I will go to a gurdwara and also organize an ardas for his good health and long life\" exclaimed Kaur, while speaking to TOI in her Sector 8 house.Amitabh's mother Teji Bachchan and Harvinder's mother Govind Kaur were sisters, a fact little known in the city.Recalling her childhood memories with him, Harvinder mentions that despite having attained dizzy heights in his career, she sees in him a loving and caring brother. \"Every Rakhi he sends me a card and calls me up. Last time he gave it a miss, but a few weeks later sent a card apologizing and explaining that he was in London and could not call me up.\"Kaur discloses that Amitabh, who has played a Sikh in several movies convincingly, is quite fluent in Punjabi and always talks to her in the dialect. \"He calls me \"Babbi behenji\" and I address him as \"Amitda\" as he is five years older to me. He visited us in 2004. We were meeting after several years. He was overwhelmed and his eyes were moist,\" adds Harvinder.Bachchan had visited the area to shoot for \"Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Sathiyo' and had dinner with the family.She met him last in 2007, when she had gone to Mumbai. Now, talks over phone keep them connected.We share a strong bond with Amitda, says cousin\"He and other family members are very particular in sending greetings and send her a card. On the birth of Aradhya, Amitda's grand daughter, Abhishek and Aishwarya sent me a sweet box along with a card,\" she recalls. Recalling her childhood memories Harvinder said that he and Amit used to enjoy swings together, when and also played cards together they visited each others' house in holidays. Both shared a strong bonding and laughed at each other.\"I was about 12, and was visiting Amitda's home, when a honeybee bit my finger. Teji 'masi' asked Amitda to give me first aid. He covered all my hand and arm with bandage. He covered my entire arm and then told me to tell everyone that I was badly bitten all over my hand and arms,\" she said.Narrating another incident she said during her school days, she had visited Delhi and Teji 'masi' had asked Amit to take her to the city. \"I promptly changed my clothes and as I got ready, Amitda commented \"kudiya nu keh do bus ki ghumna hai te o fat jehi kapde nave pa k aa jandiya ne\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16762088", "title": "Census of HIV+ migrants in Jarkhand gains momentum", "text": "times news networkALLAHABAD: Following Allahabad being termed by National Aids Control Organisation (NACO) biggest host of HIV/Aids-infected persons in Uttar Pradesh, officials of the UP State Aids Control Society (UPSACS) are working at a breakneck pace to collect block level data (BLD) to ascertain the exact figure of HIV/AIDS patients.The NACO has placed five UP districts, including Allahabad, Azamgarh, Deoria, Etawah and Banda under its scanner after these districts were placed under sensitive category in migration of HIV/AIDS infected persons.Allahabad being termed most sensitive, greater stress is being laid on collecting actual data of victims from all 20 blocks of the district and offering treatment and counseling to patients.UPSACS officials of are carrying out an intensive drive to check the health status of migrants and identify their locations with an aim to offer them counseling and treatment as well as assistance. They are also conducting studies regarding the migration pattern and prevalence of HIV.Nodal officer, District Aids Programme Control Unit ( DAPCU), Dr O P Shahi told TOI that migrant labourers, truckers and MSM (men having sex with men) were being identified in the district as they were most responsible for and vulnerable to spread of the deadly disease. He added that efforts were underway to identify them so that they could be offered best possible treatment and counselling. During surveys, it has come to notice that victims due to various reasons including social stigma, do not come forward and reel under depression , said Dr Shahi.Three kinds of migrants are primarily responsible for the spread of the deadly disease including workers at brick kilns, stone cutting, mining, silica mining centres and service clusters (who migrate from one state to another for employment. Dr Shahi said under the directives of NACO and UPACS, district health authorities are busy locating the infected persons with the aim of offering them treatment, assistance and counseling.Officials are also mapping high-risk groups like female sex workers, intravenous drug users and men having sex with men (MSM) so that concrete measures could be initiated to restrict the spread of the virus. UPSACS officials have also been spreading awareness under the information, education and communication (IEC) programme.Last year, a NACO monitoring committee visited the city to find reasons behind the rapid increase in transmission of HIV in the district. The team had also inspected services being offered to HIV+ and AIDS patients at the Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTC).The NACO initiative comes in the wake of Allahabad being placed under the high risk group as far as spread of HIV is concerned.Dr Shahi informed that the villages prone to high risk have been put under the scanner and a series of awareness and educational camps are being launched to check the menace.Pointedly, NACO has also asked UPSACS to check the status of migrants living in these villages as they are among prime carriers of HIV in the district.As far as route of infection and risk transmission categories are concerned, in about 85.3 per cent cases the disease spreads due to unsafe sexual contact, while 3.80 per cent, 2.05 per cent, 3.34 per cent and 6.46 per cent cases are due to prenatal transmission, blood transfusion, injectable drug users and others, respectively.Currently, three NGOs are implementing the targeted interventions among the high risk groups in the district covering commercial female sex workers (FSWs), men having sex with men (MSM) and Intravenous drug users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760198", "title": "Medically examine sadhu of Dera Sacha Sauda : Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a setback for Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, who is facing charges of forced castration of his followers, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday ordered medical examination of one of the sadhus of his Dera.Justice Mahesh Grover of the high court directed the authorities at Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16, Chandigarh, to conduct medical examination of Hansraj Chauhan, who was allegedly castrated inside the Dera. Chauhan has to appear before the doctors at GMSH-16 on October 18 and after his medical examination the doctors would send the report to HC in a sealed cover.Now the case has been fixed for further hearing for January 28.The matter had reached before the high court through a petition filed by Hansraj Chauhan and others, in which it was claimed that he along with around 400 sadhus were allegedly castrated inside the Dera with the false hope that males who get castrated would be able to achieve God.Taking cognizance of the main petition, HC has already issued notices to Haryana's home secretary, superintendents of police (SPs) in Sirsa and Fatehabad, Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim and CBI's Chandigarh branch through its DIG asking them to file their replies on the matter.The petitioner claimed that he had been associated with the Dera since 1990 and was castrated along with 15 to 20 other sadhus in 2000. Chauhan further stated that due to castration he faced hormonal imbalance in his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16760159", "title": "3 held for running fake BPO, duping British clients", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men who were allegedly running a fake BPO in the city have been arrested by the special cell on a complaint by the British High Commission.DCP (special cell) Sanjeev Yadav said, \"They were luring British citizens to obtain unsecured loans from India.''Acting on the complaint, police raided a community centre at Pitampur in west Delhi, and nabbed the accused.The accused, Saurabh Gupta and Yashin Nagpal, were arrested on October 7. A Delhi court granted their custody till October 10. The third accused was arrested from Rohini.\"The gang induced British nationals to transfer a certain amount through the internet as processing fee,\" said a police source. When complaints poured in at the embassy, they contacted Delhi Police and the case transferred to the special cell.The accused were produced in the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi on Wednesday and were remanded in 14-day judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16762903", "title": "Soon, phones may become as thin &amp; flexible as paper", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim that graphene, the so-called \"wonder material\" could be used to develop smartphones almost as thin and flexible as paper. Graphene known as the world's strongest (100 times stronger than steel) and thinnest (one ounce would cover 28 football fields) material could revolutionize cell phones technology, solar panels and more.Since graphene also conducts electricity as well as copper, it could lead to flexible cell phone touch-screens and transparent, inexpensive solar cells. The other possible applications of graphene include solar panels molded to cover the surface of an electric or hybrid car and treatments for damaged spinal cords.The video, from the award-winning Digital Services Unit in the American Chemical Society ( ACS) Office of Public Affairs, explains how graphene's incredible properties originate from the unique arrangement of its atoms. Like diamonds and coal, graphene is made up entirely of carbon. But unlike those materials, graphene's carbon atoms are arranged in two-dimensional sheets, making it incredibly strong and flexible, researchers said in a statement. Ongoing advances in manufacturing graphene are bringing these and other devices closer to reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762267", "title": "'Massa kerb' for Indian Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inaugural Airtel Indian Grand Prix last year provided several memorable moments. Sebastian Vettel's phenomenal drive to the chequered flag, Lewis Hamilton and Felipe Massa clashing yet again on the track, but it was the manner in which the latter retired that hogged headlines.The Ferrari driver, who was quickest in the practice sessions for the Indian Grand Prix, retired midway through the race with a broken left suspension after kissing too much of the kerb on Turn 8 of the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) in Greater Noida. That kerb has now been christened as the 'Massa kerb'.As a result of the Massa incident, the turns 6-7 and 8-9 have been extended from 5m width to 15m. \"We have added additional sausage kerbs to deter the drivers even more. Last year there were questions raised by Ferrari but Massa's broken suspension had nothing to do with the kerbs,\" a BIC official told TOI on Wednesday, pointing to the sausagecolour extension to the kerb.Officials claim that the height of the kerb is per FIM (motorcycling world body ) regulations, since BIC wants to host motorbike racing in the future as well. \"According to FIA (automobile world body ) guidelines, the height of the kerbs can be 2 inches high but it is only 25mm as we have adhered to FIM laws. The drivers last year were trying to take shortcuts through chicanes at turn 6-7 and 8-9. The new sausage kerbs should put an end to that,\" an official said.With just two weeks to go for the GP here, the track, though, still looks quite dusty. The Jaypee Sports International Limited is racing against time to get the 5.14 km circuit in the best possible shape. Track sweepers have been working overtime since the beginning of this month.\"Any circuit takes about two years to stabilise fully. In the first year, the time gap between start of the race and completion of construction was very little. This time around plenty of grassy banks have been added at different points on the circuit which should cut down on the dust. It was all mud underneath the temporary stand which has been tiled now.\"From October 1, we have banned any movement of cars on the track. We have got specialized track sweepers with builtin brushing and water-mist system too.\"Changes AT BICMassa kerb' at Turn 8-9 extended from 5m to 15m (sausage kerb)Height of all kerbs now 25 mm (they were earlier uneven)Turn 2-3 and 7-8 have astroturf lining to provide additional safety to run-off areasSpecial track sweepers at work, utilising built-in watermist systemVideo screens around the track increased from 11 to 17Single-day tickets starting from Rs 2,000 for Sunday race. 4,400 tickets for Sunday already sold, most after Schumacher's retirement announcement last week. This will be one of Schumi's last racesIn place of GT1 race in December, the circuit officials are looking to host the final round of JK Racing Asia Series, MRF Championship and one round of VW Polo series as well", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16759616", "title": "Modi also 'gifted' DLF Gandhinagar prime land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi never leaves a chance to hit out at the Nehru-Gandhis. But he has thus far remained silent on anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal's allegations against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra. Interestingly, Modi himself is alleged to have allotted one lakh square metres of prime land in Gandhinagar in 2007 to the realty major at concessional rate.According to a memorandum signed by all Gujarat Congress MPs and MLAs, which was presented to then president Pratibha Patil on June 3, 2011, this allotment was done without an auction and caused a revenue loss of Rs 253 crore to the Gujarat exchequer going by current market rates. The exchequer lost Rs 142.28 crore as a result.The memorandum further says DLF got this land for developing a special economic zone but later approached the state government to denotify the SEZ and convert it into an IT park. The request was granted by the Modi government in 2009.In other words, it was the Congress's Gujarat unit which levelled the allegation that the Modi government had gone out of its way to favour DLF by allotting the land at Rs 5,000 per sq m near Infocity in Gandhinagar. This, according to Congress leaders, was much less than the then market price of Rs 30,000 per sq m \u2014 the minimum rate prescribed for registration and payment of stamp duty prevalent then was Rs 19,000 per sq m.However, the recent report submitted by the Modi government-appointed commission of inquiry headed by retired Supreme Court judge Justice M B Shah has given a clean chit to the Gujarat government in the matter of allocation of land to DLF and 14 other cases of corporate houses getting concessional land.The Modi government accepted the report of M B Shah commission on October 3 - the day Sonia Gandhi addressed a public rally in Rajkot \u2014 and forwarded it to the governor.The Congress has rubbished the Shah report but are fighting shy from commenting on DLF now, fearing Congress high command's wrath. But it's Modi's silence which is more deafening. Question is whether he will rake up this issue in public on Thursday in presence of BJP president Nitin Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16760233", "title": "Govt orders six basalt quarries to halt operations", "text": "QUEPEM: The government on Monday issued an order directing six basalt stone quarry operators to suspend quarrying activities at Uguem-Sanguem with immediate effect.Director of mines and geology Prasanna A Acharya issued this suspension order cum show-cause notice directing the operators to stop their extraction from October 8 and asking them to report compliance within 15 days from the receipt of this notice. Acharya also directed them to show-cause why the said lease granted to them should not be terminated.This action has been initiated in view of thehigh court order directing the mines department to take action against the illegal quarrying operation at Uguem-Sanguem. RTI activist Francisco Carvalho, a resident of Uguem who filed the public interest litigation before the Goa bench of the Bombay high court pointed out that illegal quarrying is being carried out in survey No. 52/0 of Uguem village and no action has been taken by the authorities in spite of several complaints.\"Due to the illegal quarry, the residents are facing hardship as fragments of rocks fly towards their houses situated within a radius of 200m,\" stated Carvalho in his PIL.Justice A P Lawande and Justice U V Bakre in their judgment delivered on June 14, directed the director of mines and geology to take appropriate action against the operators within 12 weeks in accordance with the law.Acharya had granted quarrying leases to all the six operators for a period of five years. One of the leases expired on 9-11-2011 whereas remaining 6 are still valid. Director of mines in its order stated that as per the direction of the high court to take appropriate action, an inspection was carried out by the officials of his department on 22-8 2012 to verify the location and working of the quarrying leases. It was observed that quarrying activities are being carried out outside the area granted as quarrying lease.Order further states that the violation is in contravention of lease deed condition part VII (2) of Goa Minor Mineral Concession Rule 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kaithal/karnal/yamunanagar", "code": "16759754", "title": "Haryana horror: Rape tally now touches 17", "text": "KAITHAL/KARNAL/YAMUNANAGAR: A day after Congress chief Sonia Gandhi visited the family of a minor dalit girl who killed herself after being raped in Haryana's Jind district, another 19-year-old dalit girl who is five months pregnant was abducted and gang-raped by two upper-caste youth in Kalayat town in Kaithal district. One more case of assault in May was reported late on Tuesday and, additionally, a 14-year-old girl was allegedly raped in Yamunanagar late on Monday, taking the number of such cases to 17.The latest incident puts Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , whose government has been accused of failing to prevent growing atrocities against women , in a tight spot. The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights on Wednesday demanded Hooda's immediate intervention to ensure prompt investigation, adequate rehabilitation and protection of the victims, their families and witnesses.The May 21 gang-rape, in Bijna in Karnal, was followed by suicide of the girl's father. Police said the case was registered five months after the crime and they arrested two youth on Wednesday. The girl who lodged the complaint said the accused had threatened her with death if she or her family approached the police.The Kaithal rape victim, in a complaint filed by her father on Tuesday, alleged she was abducted from the fields near her house and taken to a nearby village in a car on October 8. The complainant added she was raped the entire night and dumped near her house the next morning.Both the accused, Pawan and Rakesh, who belong to the same town, were arrested on Tuesday and sent to two-day police remand. \"After the victim's father lodged a complaint, she gave her statement before a magistrate on October 9. A police team nabbed the accused near Kalayat,\" said Kaithal SP Kuldeep Yadav.The police have registered a case of rape and kidnapping and also charged the accused under various sections of the SC/ST Act. \"The victim in her complaint also alleged the accused made castiest remarks against her,\" said Yadav. The victim had married six months ago and was living at her parents' house following a dispute with her husband. The rape comes a day after a 20-year-old maid was allegedly raped by her employer in Faridabad.In the Yamunanagar rape, police arrested a man, Gurmeet, a resident of Tapri village in Ambala district. As Yamunanagar district borders Himachal Pradesh's Sirmaur district with the victim raped being raped near the border, a dispute over territorial jurisdiction between the police departments of the two states delayed the registration of the case against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16759845", "title": "Commercial zones for residential purposes only", "text": "PANAJI: A few patches of the zoning plans in the outline development plans of Taleigao and Panaji are marked commercial, but there's little of trade and commerce around.Instead of offices, shops or any business activity, blocks of high-rise residential buildings with facilities for elitist society have sprung up higher than others in the city and its southern suburbs, ruining the skyline, say citizens.When a few areas were ostensibly coloured blue as commercial after a zoning change on a piecemeal basis in the ODP, it was actually licence from the town and country planning (TCP) department for a few builders to convert settlement zones and institutional areas into condominiums of residential buildings to rake in extra crores of rupees.\"Though settlement areas were marked commercial in the ODP, the builders used the footnote to secure a larger floor area ratio (FAR) available for commercial buildings to put up residential complexes with hardly any commercial activity,\" explained Panaji-based consulting engineer Sylvester D'Souza.The conversions are legal on paper, but citizens blame TCP for the ugly concrete blocks that have soared above traditional houses and smaller buildings, ruining the neighbourhood skyline and its sylvan surroundings.\"The builders cannot be faulted, as it is legal on paper, but the TCP has in connivance with politicians selectively acceded to requests of some private parties to convert residential areas into commercial areas in the first instance to the detriment of the common man,\" D'Souza said.A footnote (middle of the page) on Page 40 of the Planning and Development Authority (Development Plan) Regulations 2000 served as a loophole for misuse and alteration of the skyline in the Miramar-Dona Paula belt, sources said.The note stated: In case of C-1 (C=commercial), C-2, C-3 and C-4, residential use shall be permitted on upper floors and ground floor above stilts.\"As no percentage for residential use was specified, it led to the abuse of commercial zones by using the higher FAR for purely residential purposes,\" said Ritu Prasad, an architect.The citizens woke up to the multi-crore scam rather later, after the buildings reared higher than the average structures in their neighbourhood.When the draft ODP was notified on July 27, 2006, citizens, activists and NGOs submitted their suggestions, but the final plan was notified without any transparency, D'Souza alleged.Areas indicated as settlement (either S-1, S-2, S-3 or S-4) in the draft ODP were quietly converted into C-1 or C-2, or those shown as C-2 were up-scaled to C-1 for higher FAR.After the change of zone, the footnote was used to construct residential complexes in areas designated as commercial zone.\"By showing commercial area and actually converting it to residential, the FAR is more than doubled to 200 in C-1 or 150 in C-2 instead of only 100 in S-1, 80 in S-2 and 60 in S-3,\" D'Souza explained.At present rates, a flat with a dimension of 100 sq m fetches a whopping 1 crore or more for a builder in prime locations. In an area marked settlement, a residential building would have to follow height and floor area restrictions, sources said.But there is hardly any space rented out for business activities in the huge complexes, barring an odd shop or some parlour.A village like Taleigao has witnessed phenomenal concretization and tall buildings have sprouted in and around agricultural land.This trend has continued on the Dona Paula plateau above, as around 1,380 flats are under construction in a single project with ultra modern facilities, including recreation and swimming pools, spa and beauty parlour.\"Commercial areas were created to ease pressure on the common man by providing shopping and other facilities, but these will be useful only for the gated communities,\" Annand Madgavkar, a Taleigao resident and social activist, said.The residents are apprehensive about the impending surge in population. \"At a rate of four persons per flat, the area will have a population of 5,000 soon, needing huge quantities of power and water,\" Madgavkar said.Though the builders have paid crores in infrastructure tax, the residents of the area are worried about the composite impact of the mega projects on the serene skyline along the Dona Paula-Bambolim road and its already burdened infrastructure.\"As infrastructure (tax) has been paid, the government will have to pay to create basic amenities for them,\" a villager said.The Regional Plan's task force, constituted by the government, envisaged planning for the whole state.\"But some ministers conspired to exclude ODP areas from the Regional Plan 2021,\" D'Souza alleged.Edgar Ribeiro, a senior town planner, had resigned as a task force member over certain issues, including the exclusion of urban areas from RP 2021.The sanctity of even an institutional area at Miramar with several colleges and schools has also been violated by allowing monstrosities that house residential complexes, said citizens.A detailed ODP could have been prepared for urban areas through a policy in RP 2021. \"But with 40% areas left out of RP 2021, can this be planning for the whole of Goa?\" D'Souza asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16760857", "title": "Slow Municipal Corporation makes Ramleela men dance in fury", "text": "Come October 14 and the night air will resound with the thundering action of the Ramleelas, based on the epic, Ramayana. But the delay in getting approvals for ground use to hold the shows is giving sleepless nights to many organizing committees.With only three days left for the nine-day epic dance-drama to begin - ending with the burning of Ravana on the 10th day - the Municipal Corporation has cleared requests of only 26 out of 46 groups.Chaffing at the slow pace of the whole process, members of Chandigarh Kendriya Ramleela Mahasabha said they had submitted the application on September 4, but only 20 groups have got the go-ahead so far. Most of these have been staging the religious event in the city for more than 30 years. B P Gaur, general secretary of Ramleela Mahasabha said, ''This happens every year. Even though the district commissioner's office has issued the required clearances, the MC is going slow on the approvals. Out of 46 applications filed, 20 were accepted on Tuesday that too after we met additional MC commissioner (ADC) Lalit Siwach and complained about the lax and rude behaviour of the concerned MC official.\"Venting his anger at the civic body, he said, \"Every year, the approval is given at the last minute, causing inconvenience to all groups. There are only a few days left for Ramleelas to begin and instead of concentrating on the rehearsals, we are wasting time running around to get the go-ahead even though we have been performing Ramleela for years on the same grounds.\"Nearly all members of Chandigarh Kendriya Ramleela Mahasabha were present at the MC on Tuesday and they requested the ADC to excuse groups with less funds from putting up CCTV cameras. \"Ramleela is a voluntary show funded by donations from people. Our budget is very less, and on top of it we have to spend nearly Rs 22,000-25,000 every time on installing CCTV cameras. It is not possible for many groups to afford this,\" said another spokesperson of the Mahasabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16762238", "title": "No more stinky garbage containers by the roadside in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Hopefully, the twin cities will soon be spared of an eyesore: overflowing and stinky garbage containers. The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) has introduced door-to-door garbage collection with the help of tractors. As a pilot project, HDMC has introduced a tractor to collect garbage in six wards. Residents were dumping garbage in containers kept in each ward, but they were never cleaned on a regular basis.The overflowing containers had become a breeding place for mosquitoes and stray animals like pigs and dogs. To put an end to these problems, HDMC began its new experiment of collecting garbage from houses using tractors.A tractor with three to four civic workers visits the ward at 7am. If the street is narrow, the workers will collect the garbage, if it is wide enough, the tractor will go to each house. They leave the ward after ensuring that garbage is collected from all houses in the ward.HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said that they collect around 3 to 3.5 tonnes of garbage from each ward, about 300 gm from each house. \"We are observing how residents take to our new idea. If this succeeds, we will introduce tractors in all wards for door-to-door garbage collection,\" he added.Girish Talwar, environment engineer, HDMC, said that there has been an overwhelming response to the new idea. \"People in ward nos 24, 31, 41, 42, 43 and 60, where the pilot project has been introduced, have been dumping waste directly into the tractor,\" he added. Talwar said that there are plans to send tractors at least twice or thrice a day to each ward.None of these wards have containers now. \"All the containers have been removed. We want residents to get into the habit of disposing their waste into the tractors,\" Talwar explained.Radhabai Safare, corporator of ward no. 43 says that this new method of garbage collection ensures that the ward is kept clean. \"Earlier people were constantly complaining of overflowing containers and the stench,\" she added.Residents too are happy with the HDMC's initiative.\" I used to dump garbage in the container kept in my ward. It used to stink if it was not cleaned regularly. Now I am dumping it directly into the tractor which comes to my house,\" said Ramesh Baddi, a resident of Channapeth in Old Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16760657", "title": "Four gold chains snatched on Tuesday", "text": "PUNE: Three gold chains worth Rs 1.34 lakh were snatched in Chinchwad in a span of 25 minutes on Tuesday morning.The incidents took place at Keshavnagar, near Devkar Heights and at Shridharnagar in Chinchwad between 10.30 am and 10.55 am.Police said that around 10.30 am Sadhana Kshirsagar (48) of Keshavnagar was walking towards her home, when two persons on motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000. Within 10 minutes the duo snatched the gold chain worth Rs 44,000 of 85-year-old Vatsala Kalati, who was sitting on a bench near Devkar Heights. Then the duo rode the motorcycle towards Shridharnagar and snatched the gold chain worth Rs 60,000 of Pramila Jaya Shetti (65), who was walking towards her home.Meanwhile, on Tuesday around 10.30 am, two men on motorcycle snatched the gold chain worth Rs 30,000 of Swati Kale (26) of Katraj. The incident took place at Rajas society in Katraj. Assistant police inspector Krishna Indalkar of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16762421", "title": "Student jumps to death from school building", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Class X student committed suicide by jumping from school building after she was chided by her principal on Wednesday.The girl, Mamata, 15, was a student of Sai Ram School in Ramantapur. On Wednesday morning, she went to the terrace of the school building and jumped from there.The teenager was then shifted to a private hospital in Kacheguda, where she succumbed to injuries late in the night.The school authorities told police that the girl jumped from the building after she was chided by principal Buchi Reddy for copying in an exam.However, Mamata's family members told the media that their daughter was not a weak-hearted person to commit suicide for such a small thing and they felt there could be some other reason. The family members even alleged that it could be a murder and not a suicide.Till last reports came in, the Uppal police were yet to take a complaint from the family members.Uppal inspector K Lakshmi Kanta Reddy said that they would record the statement of the family members and take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16762067", "title": "Employment fair on October 12", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 2000 youths will participate in employment fair slated to be held here at local Employment Exchange office on October 12,2012.According to sources more than 5000 unemployed have got themselves registered for the fair so far, whereas fair will provide employment to around 500 persons.Rajeev Kumar Yadav, regional employment officer informed that initially it was planned to call 1500 unemployed youths in this fair but the decision was amended and it was decided to call 2000 youths for the purpose.He informed that several youths who had sent repeatedly sent SMS for registration though they were registered. They will be treated as one number and next number would be allotted to other candidate.The eligible candidates would be informed through sms. First 2000 educated unemployed youths would be called for the fair and thereafter in next fair, candidates from 2001 would be called, he added.The Regional Employment Officer had asked the youths to bring registration number given to them on mobile, resume, original certificates and two coloured photographs. They are asked to report at exchange at 10 am.Companies would brief first and then screen the candidates before going for interview. Successful candidates would be informed on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759621", "title": "Cartoonist Aseem Trivedi not to be charged with sedition", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to drop sedition charges against the Kanpur-based cartoonist Aseem Trivedi. The decision to drop the charges against Trivedi will be conveyed to Bombay high court on October 12, said a senior home department official.\"The advocate general (AG), in his advice to the state government, has written that sedition charges slapped on the cartoonist should be dropped. Accordingly, the police have been instructed to make the changes in Trivedi's case,\" the home department official said, adding, \"The controversial cartoonist will now be chargesheeted for dishonoring the national symbols, emblem and parliament.\"According to legal experts if Trivedi is booked under Section 2 (insult to national flag and Indian Constitution) of Prevention of Insult to National Honour Act 1971, then the cartoonist may be punished with imprisonment for a term extending to 3 years maximum or a fine or both. TOI was first to report that the AG has advised the state government to drop sedition charges against the cartoonist.Early this month, home minister R R Patil along with Addl CP (West)Vishwas Nangre-Patil had a meeting with the India Against Corruption (IAC) spokesperson Preeti Sharma Menon on the Trivedi issue. It was then decided that the chargesheet in Trivedi case should be filed only after the receiving the AG's advice in the case. \"The AG's opinion has been received. Now the police department will expedite the process to file chargesheet,\" the official added. The court has directed the state to file a reply explaining why sedition charges were slapped on the cartoonist. The next hearing in the Trivedi case is scheduled on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16762234", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence busts watch smuggling racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some of Delhi's high and mighty are in trouble for their love for imported watches. The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has put several buyers of such watches under the scanner and has raided a city watch store after busting a smuggling racket.In the wee hours of Tuesday, DRI's Delhi zonal unit apprehended a British national, identified as Nigel Nicholas Bright, at IGI airport with two diamond studded watches worth Rs 75 lakh. Bright, 40, revealed on interrogation that he had smuggled the watches on behalf of a city watch store and was going to deliver it to one of its employees, identified as Amit Kumar.Following this, DRI arrested Kumar and raided his residence apart from the company's various outlets and its owner's house. Searches not only revealed discrepancy in the stocks of the company (which means it had more imported watches than mentioned in the books) but also yielded Rs 1.5 crore in cash. While Rs 63 lakh was recovered from Kumar's house, Rs 93 lakh was found stashed in the Gurgaon residence of the owner of the watch store.During the searches, the agency also seized watches worth Rs 5 crore.Sources said Bright had come on a Cathy Pacific flight that landed at T-3 terminal at 11:30 pm on Monday and he was apprehended about 40 minutes later. During interrogation, he revealed that his wife was a crew member with the airline and this helped him smuggle watches. He said he had smuggled watches for the Delhi store several times in the past too.\"This was evident from the searches we conducted at their stores. We have seized several watches of high-end brands which are not mentioned in their records. This means they are all smuggled. We have also recovered such watches from their residences whose worth is over Rs 1 crore,\" a DRI official said.According to DRI, these smuggled watches were being sold to celebrities, businessmen and politicians in the city. The agency is now investigating whether the watches were being smuggled at their insistence much like the imported car racket the agency had busted a few years ago.DRI ADG R K Sharma said, \"The enquiries are on and raids are still going on. Some buyers of these watches are also under the scanner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759737", "title": "Attack on cops: School to get fine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men, accused of assaulting some police officials during a demolition drive in 1996, have been directed to pay a compensation of Rs 10,000 to a blind school by a trial court, which noted that the convicts had already faced the ordeal of trial for 16 years.Upholding the conviction of Kamlesh Pandey and Ram Kishan, both in their 50s, additional sessions judge opted to award a reformative punishment for both the convicts after considering their age and the fact that they had shown good conduct during the trial.\"I direct that convict be released on probation of good conduct for two years.The convicts are further directed to pay compensation of Rs 10,000 which shall be deposited with the Blind School, Kingsway Camp, New Delhi and the receipt in original of the same shall be filed in this court within 15 days from the date of this order,\" additional sessions judge Yashwant Kumar said while waving off the one-year-jail term awarded by a metropolitan magistrate.The court's order came after the public prosecutor Atul Shrivastava suggested that instead of sending the convicts to jail, they should be made to contribute for the benefit of the society.In a separate order, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat ordered city resident Pradeep to perform community service at a temple, sparing the 20-day jail term awarded to him by a magisterial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16762113", "title": "Yatra apolitical, only for Ganga: Uma Bharati", "text": "VARANASI: Uma Bharati has described her Ganga Samagra Yatra as an 'apolitical' venture purely concerned with the cause of saving the Ganga.Bharati said leaders of all political parties were welcome to be a part of the yatra, and that there were no political motivations behind the journey.Public meetings are being held at different places during the yatra to mobilize people for the cause. Besides, a 24-page booklet highlighting the importance of Ganga and its present state is also being distributed.Highlighting expectations from the government, the booklet says National Ganga River basin Authority should be given a categorical and time-bound mandate to make the Ganga clean and free-flowing. To make this mandate viable, the developmental, energy, or financial needs of the riparian state should be suitably borne by the central government. It may be recalled here that the call for Aviral Ganga was first given by Mahamana Pandit Madanmohan Malviya when the British government tried to divert the flow of Ganga near Haridwar.The campaign is not against generating power through Ganga and its tributaries, she said. However, this should be done without undermining the basic objectives of keeping them clean and unrestricted.Therefore, all under-construction and proposed dams across the Ganga and its tributaries should be immediately subjected to a thorough review guided by this objective.Only those hydro-electric projects should be built which do not endanger the Ganga, its tributaries and ecological and spiritual heritage that is sustained by them. The use of water that is diverted from the Ganga for irrigation purpose should also be subjected to a scientific review, she said.It is being advocated that there should be a central legislation, along with enabling state legislation, mandating all the industries, municipalities and panchayats along the banks of the Ganga not to discharge any sewage or effluents into the Ganga and its tributaries. They should be supported to fulfill this mandate through a policy of empowerment, incentives, disincentives, accountability norms, innovative business models and use of appropriate technologies.Bharati said instead of first allowing pollution, then searching for solution to address this problem, which is a thoroughly unscientific and unsustainable approach, the centre, the state governments and local self-governments should jointly draw up strict guidelines for stopping the emissions and adopting effective pollution-control measures. When necessary, they should be relocated to places away from the river. Strict penal action should be taken against violators, she said. The Ganga has been accorded the status of India's National River. These executive announcements should be given the seal of a law enacted by the parliament.The basic reason for the failure of the Ganga Action Plan was that it was sought to be implemented in a bureaucratic manner without people's participation, she said.The same shortcoming has debilitated the working of the NGRBA. The function and power of NGRBA do not even mention the aspects of Ganga's cultural-spiritual heritage. This must be immediately corrected, she demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "meerut/lucknow/delhi", "code": "16759456", "title": "Businessman abducted in Meerut, freed from cane fields", "text": "MEERUT/LUCKNOW/DELHI: 55-year-old Sudhir Mahajan, the managing director of BD Mahajan &amp; Sons Private Limited that produces the popular BDM cricket bats used by international cricketers across the world was rescued 22 hours after he was kidnapped by abductors headed by his own driver.Mahajan who was kidnapped on Tuesday night while he was returning from his office to his residence in Meerut was rescued by the UP police on Wednesday evening. He was reportedly rescued from Falwada area in Meerut. Police have so far arrested Mahajan's driver Ravinder for orchestrating the crime along with at least three more suspects from Muzaffaranagar for their role in the crime.Additional director general of police (ADG) Crime Jagmohan Yadav confirmed that Sudhir Mahajan has been rescued and his driver arrested. The operation concluded without any ransom exchanging hands. The kidnappers had demanded Rs 2 crore ransom for the safe release of Sudhir Mahajan.Speaking to TOI ADG (NCR) JL Tripathi said that the victim's driver Ravinder - who was just inducted in the job - had staged the show. \"Ravinder only hatched the abduction. He also joined his other members, who hail from his native place. Around one month back, Ravinder was hired by the family and he knew about each of Mahajan's movements. He was also not verified with the police,\" said Tripathi. The cops say that at least two more people are involved with the crime.The police said Ravinder closely tabbed on the movement and recent financial deals of the family. He even knew that recently the family had sold a land and in lieu received handsome money. Idea of gaining money overnight led Ravinder to hatch abduction plan.Mahajan had left his office at 8 pm on Tuesday for his residence situated in Defence colony on Mawana road. \"Paint work at Mahanjan's residence was in progress. Mahajan stopped at a paints shop for this purpose. When he reached near Ganga Nagar police post, unidentified armed assailants held him and his driver Ravinder at gunpoint and held them hostage,\" a senior police official said.Minutes after abduction, the abductors sent a message to his younger son Siddharth, claiming that Mahajan had been abducted and if the family wants his safe recovery they have to pay ransom money of Rs two crore, Sudhir Mahajan's younger brother told TOI. The family then informed the senior police officials about the incident.Reports said the suspicion got stronger when the investigators discovered that when the kidnappers made the first call to the family and got Mahajan on the line to confirm that he was in their custody. They also allowed him to narrate the sequence of events that happened at the time of kidnapping.Sudhir reportedly told his family that the kidnapping took place when the driver heard some strange noise emanating from the boot of the car and stopped to find out what it was. ``He said that as he opened the boot, he found that the paint cans which he had purchased earlier in the day for the whitewash that was underway at the Mahajan's house, were spilling out. He adjusted the cans properly and was about to get back in the car when armed miscreants got into the car, Sudhir Mahajan and his driver at gunpoint and forced them to drive away from the scene.Unaware of the driver's designs Sudhir had however told the family that the driver too had been kidnapped and was with him. Once the driver came under the police radar they gathered details of calls that he had made in the recent past and eventually zeroed down on him.On Wednesday morning, the family again received ransom call. The police from the beginning suspecting it a handywork of unprofessional group as the group kept call the family for ransom and even threatened them not to go to the police. The recovery of the car in a Meerut jungle late at night helped them get closer to the accused.\"The driver was hired around one month back. We had no personal enmity. From the beginning we were suspecting his involvement into the incident,\" Rakesh Mahajan, younger brother of the victim and co-director in BDM company told TOI. \"Since Tuesday night, no family member heaved a sigh of relief and we did believe that the police would crack the case within hours but we, family members are thankful for the safe rescue of my brother,\" Rakesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16761285", "title": "Get inked for Navratri", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With just days to go for Navratri, the Amdavadi youngsters seem to have taken up the 'get inked' fad a way too seriously. Last month and a half has seen a two hundred per cent increase in the number of customers visiting tattoo studios.The rising hemline and plunging backline fashion has taken the front seat as people are going all the way to flaunt their tattoos. Purnima Chhabbaria, a designer, says, \"I've got people who are getting their backless cholis stitched in a specific way to flaunt their tattoos. Never have I seen a craze like this.\"The regular tribal art in black is being replaced by 3D and realist tattoos. Butterflies, elements and tattoos depicting stories are catching the style nerve of the young. Even the new trend of dotted tattoos, which is very time consuming and where one needs a lot of patience, does not seem to deter the Amdavadis. Vikas Thakur, a tattoo artist working at Robin's Studio, says, \"Females are opting for this technique more as it looks elegant with backless chaniya cholis. People are getting more educated and are coming up with their own designs. They are ready to shell out any amount to get their perfect tattoo.\"There are youngsters who are not telling their parents before getting the tattoos done. Seventeen-year-old Vyoma Shah's father is not aware that she has got inked. \"This is the best time to get the tattoos done as the prices have come down and we get a lot more variety to flaunt. What more do we want. When the right time comes I'll tell my father about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16760575", "title": "Om Prakash finally surrenders before court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Notorious gangster Om Prakash appeared before the additional sessions court-II and surrendered on Wednesday. He had gone missing from the same court room on Tuesday while the trial in the Aprani Krishnakumar murder case, in which he is an accused, was in progress.Following this, Kazhakoottam circle inspector Binu Kumar and his team arrested him when he exited the court premises.The police also arrested Kochu Vava and Prasanth, the two co-accused in the Aprani Krishnakumar murder case. They were wanted by the police for the alleged attack on Ullas, a key witness in the case. The arrested were later produced before the magistrate court and remanded in custody.CI Kumar had approached the court on Tuesday seeking permission to arrest them. The judge was about to consider the petitions during the afternoon session of the court, when Om Prakash slipped out of the court room.On Wednesday, the judge, K P Indira, said that the crime committed by the accused falls under the jurisdiction of another magistrate court and hence the police do not need permission from the sessions judge, before whom the accused are facing trial, to arrest them. The police could arrest them once the accused left the court premises, said the judge.Om Prakash had appeared before the court on Wednesday with his counsel advocate Sasthamangalam Ajith. He also filed a bail application before the court, as the judge had cancelled his bail on Tuesday after he vanished.The judge will consider the application on Friday.On Tuesday, after Om Prakash went missing, his counsel had told the court that Om Prakash had to keep away from the court session on Tuesday afternoon owing to a medical emergency, following which he was taken to the General Hospital . The doctor also advised him to take rest and hence he could not appear before the court. But the judge K P Indira had dismissed this argument on Tuesday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16760900", "title": "Students learn 'practical' accounting", "text": "LUDHIANA: The post-graduation department of commerce in Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town, organized extension lectures. Gautam Chawla, a chartered accountant was the resource person and he interacted with the students of commerce on the topic, \"Practical aspects of international accounting standards\". He explained various aspects of income tax and foreign exchange transactions. He further enlightened the students regarding the applicability of international financial reporting standards. Principal Dr Charanjit Mahal motivated the students to interact with the resource person and attain maximum information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761917", "title": "Central Coalfields Limited production rises by 1m tonne", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), a major supplier of coal to most thermal power plants in north India, has for the first time in five years increased production by one million tonnes over the first half of the previous fiscal. Sources in the CCL said the firm had registered positive growth in coal production, dispatch and even over burden removal (OBR) in the first half of the current fiscal ending September 30.\"Compared to last year's production, we have produced a million tones of coal more during this period. We produced 1.04 million tonnes more than what we produced between April and September, 2012. In terms of percentage, the rise it is around 6.1%,\" said the source.CCL spokesperson Deepak Kumar said the coal stock at the end of first half of the financial year stands at 9.406 million tonnes against 16.333 MT on April 1, 2012. The company has reduced its stock of around seven million tonnes. The OBR was 31.664 million cubic meter (MCM) during the first six months in the current fiscal, compared to 29.334 MCM in the same period of last fiscal, achieving 8% growth.An officer in the company said chairman-cum-managing director Gopal Singh has been focusing on welfare of workers engaged in mining operations and this has done wonders for production. \"The small incentives by the CMD for employees performing well in the mines have helped us achieve such high production after many years,\" said the officer.The officer said in the last few years they have never managed to achieve the actual target due to various problems, including bandhs by Maoists and other rebel groups. \"Keeping in mind the way production is going on in the mines, the company is also likely to achieve its annual production target of 55.5 million tonnes for 2012-13 which has been a dream in last few years. CIL will not be required to revise our target downward this fiscal,\" the office added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16761274", "title": "Durga Puja extended for 3 more days in Malda", "text": "MALDA: The state government has issued a directive to the district administration on Wednesday, prohibiting immersion of Durga idols on October 26 and 27. This is because it doesn't want the spirit of Eid, which falls on October 27, to be marred by Durga Puja celebrations.This year, Durga Puja begins on October 21 and comes to a close on October 24 that is Dashami. Puja organizers usually immerse the idols a day later.However, with October 25 falling on a Thursday, people might want to delay the immersion process by a day. But this might spoil celebration of Eid, fears the government.The dates of immersion have hence been fixed for October 24, 25 and 28.The directive has made revelers and Puja committees happy. While people will get three more days to celebrate, committees will be able to keep the idols for a few more days.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"We have got the directives from the state government and have informed the organizers about the schedule.\"With the festivals of both the community almost coincide, the festive mood in all probability persist longer than usual. The directive from the state govt that has reached the district administration today has ushered hope among the people to enjoy the Puja for three more days.Durga Puja begins on 21st of this month. It will end on 24th. As per ritual, the immersion should take place on Dashami i e 24th October. But to extend the festive mood most of the communities perform the immersion one or two days later. But this year Iduzzoha , the festival of Muslims falls on 27th October. To ensure that the spirit of either festival is not marred, govt has barred immersion of Durag idol on 26th and 27th October. The dates of immersion would be 24th, 25th and 28th October.Now, 25th October being Thursday, the community Puja committees are to avoid that day for immersing their idols. Thus most of them would immerse the idols on Sunday 28th of this month. With this decision on one hand the organizers are getting chance of keeping idols on the pandals for three more days and on the other hand people too would get the opportunity to enjoy the festive spirit for extra days. \"This would certainly be a bonus for us all\", said Puja organizers.District Police Super Jayanta Pal, confirming the days of immersion said, \"We have got the directives from the state govt and have accordingly intimated the organizers the schedule.\" Besides, precautions are being taken facilitate the pandal hoppers restricting the traffic for greater part of four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759615", "title": "Multiple MBA entry tests make students spend thousands", "text": "CHENNAI: The Common Admission Test (CAT) remains the litmus test for nearly all MBA aspirants in the country and about 2.15 lakh candidates are set to take the test on Thursday. However, not all B-schools accept CAT scores. This forces candidates to sit for an average of 2-5 tests, spending around 6,000-10,000 on applications and registration for various tests.Only 124 institutions, including six in Tamil Nadu, have registered to use CAT scores for admission to their management programmes. About 91 institutions accept scores from the Xavier's Aptitude Test, while 319 institutions accept the Management Aptitude Test scores. TN has the Tamil Nadu Common Entrance Test (Tancet) for MBA and MCA courses.A single entrance test for management courses has so far been elusive. Even the pan-India Common Management Aptitude Test of the All India Council for Technical Education, to cut down on multiple entrance exams across the country, is only grudgingly accepted by institutions under the AICTE and usually not by standalone institutions. AICTE-approved institutions also accept scores of the other more popular tests.\"Students zero in on 2-5 tests, depending on their capability and the kind of institutions accepting the scores,\" said Ajay Antony, director of TIME coaching centre, Chennai. B-schools in the country can be segregated into three or four bands depending on the quality of students, faculty, infrastructure and industry recognition of the institution.Students say they attempt multiple tests because they can present their best scores to the institute. \"Everybody tries to get into IIMs, so CAT is compulsory. The other tests may not be as tough, so there are chances of high scores and this makes our profile look good,\" said V Santhanam, an MBA aspirant.Management institutions say they accepted scores of more than one admission test as it gave them a good mix of candidates. Great Lakes Institute of Management executive director S Sriram said, \"We accept CAT and GMAT scores, because we want to draw in students who want to go abroad for their MBA.\" CAT will be held in 61 centres across the country, including three in Chennai and one in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16759492", "title": "German medical student loses wallet on train, gets it back", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old German medical student, who reported losing his wallet on the Trivandrum-Chennai Mail while returning from Ernakulam to Katpadi on Wednesday, got it back at the Chennai Central a few hours later.Police said Casbalm, who is pursuing research at the Christian Medical College in Vellore, had got off at Katpadi and was about to pay an autorickshaw driver when he found his wallet missing. Realising that he may have left it in the railway coach, he returned to the railway station and lodged a complaint with the government railway police.The complaint said the wallet contained 7000, an ATM card, his identity card and driving licence. The GRP personnel in Katpadi soon informed their counterparts in Chennai. When the Trivandrum Mail reached Chennai, a team led by assistant commissioner of police V Ponramu entered the compartment in which the German student had travelled and found the wallet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16762492", "title": "Karnataka braces for Cauvery meet and court hearing", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government is gearing up for the upcoming Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) meeting and the Supreme Court hearing with its beefed-up argument that it is in no position to release any more water to Tamil Nadu. It has ruled out revoking the stoppage of water.Chief secretary S V Ranganath will make the state's stand clear at the CMC meeting to be chaired by the Union water resources secretary in New Delhi on Thursday. The state's legal team will narrate the distress during the apex court's hearing on Friday. Tamil Nadu on Wednesday filed the contempt petition in the Supreme Court against Karnataka.Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said: \"The southwest monsoon has withdrawn, and the inflow to our reservoirs has significantly decreased. We'll inform the court we have complied with the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) order, but can't release water to Tamil Nadu any more because of the distress.''STATE'S ARGUMENTKarnataka has released 13,000 cusecs of more water than prescribed Seepage, water from breached canals flowing out Heavy rain on Tuesday and Wednesday spurred outflow to Biligundlu, the measuring point at the inter-state border.Ruling is flawed: CMChief minister Jagadish Shettar said the Prime Minister ordered release of 9,000 cusecs of water to TN at the Sept 19 CRA meeting \"without ascertaining the facts\". Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said the state has filed a review petition before the CRA and sent three reminders. \"We want the PM to review his order before Friday when the Supreme Court hears the case,'' he said. The minister said the state will explain the situation before and after the CRA issued the order. \"Also, we'll explain how the implementation of the CRA order has adversely affected Karnataka's irrigation and drinking water situation.\" Shettar said it was unfortunate that the PM denied an appointment to him. He ruled out registering a protest, saying: \"Let's leave it at that.\" Bommai was unsparing: \"Denying an appointment to the head of a state is not in the right spirit in a federal republic.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761743", "title": "Court's ruling on NOC for land sale becomes final", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court's ruling that revenue department's No Objection Certificate (NOC) is not required for registering land has become final, as the Supreme Court has dismissed the state government's appeal.In a ruling in August, the high court had held that registration authorities shouldn't insist for production of revenue department's NOC for registering sale or transfer of land.The finality of the high court's judgment was pointed out by the government pleader when Justice T R Ramachandran Nair was hearing a petition similar to the one that resulted in the earlier judgment.Responding to the petition filed by F Raja of Pallivasal near Devikulam, the government pleader submitted that the earlier judgment of the court has become final as the special leave petition filed by the state before the apex court has been dismissed.The high court's judgment was while considering a petition by Salim K of Devikulam. Salim approached the court after the sub registrar of Devikulam insisted for the NOC for registering sale of land that he owns in Kannan Devan Hills village in Idukki.Upholding the high court's judgment, the apex court had held that the powers sought to be exercised by the revenue officials are arbitrary and illegal.The state's contention was that such an unusual step was necessitated in view of the prevailing circumstances in Udumbanchola and Devikulam taluks. But in the latest judgment, the high court has clarified that registration of the land sale will not prevent the government from conducting further enquiries about the transferred land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16761911", "title": "Harrisons gets HC nod for re-plantation", "text": "KOCHI: Harrisons Malayalam Limited can cut down 83,000 rubber trees in 11 plantations spread over five districts for re-plantation after furnishing a bank guarantee of Rs 18 crore, the Kerala high court directed on Wednesday.A division bench comprising justices M Sasidharan Nambiar and P Bhavadasan, however, warned the company against felling trees in estates not mentioned in the pending legal suit.The court ordered to furnish the bank guarantee within 10 days after considering applications filed by the company and Gospel for Asia. The bench directed that the trees should be felled only under the supervision of forest department officials. The company had sought permission to cut trees from three plantations each in Kollam, Pathanamthitta, and Thrissur as well as one plantation in Kottayam and Idukki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16761372", "title": "Poaching bid foiled in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Forest officials on Wednesday claimed to have foiled a poaching bid in Muzagada forest range in Ganjam district by seizing wires hooked with 11 KV electric line at Naryanapatna village.Divisional forest officer, Ghumusara, (North) K Ch Mishra said the trap set by suspected poachers was unearthed during patrolling. The timely detection of the wires by forest staff could have saved lives of several wild animals, he added.Patrolling has been intensified in the vulnerable areas of the district to nab poachers after the death of five elephants, including two calves and a tusker, within a fortnight in three different places - Buguda, Gallery and Khallikote forest ranges. A senior forest official confirmed that forest staff, Vana Sanrankhana Samiti (VSS) members and guards employed on daily basis are keeping strict vigil on the movement of wild animals, particularly, elephants, in the district.The DFO further said forest staff closely monitored the movement of a nine-member elephant herd in Gareda jungle in Jagannath Prasad forest range to save them from traps set by poachers. \"The herd destroyed standing paddy crops on over 20-acre land, but we asked people not to disturb the elephants by blasting crackers,\" the DFO said.\"We assured the farmers to pay compensation for the damage of crops as soon as possible,\" Mishra said. Forest staff would keep track of the movements of the jumbo herd, he added.Meanwhile, forest officials in Khallikote range raided different hideouts of the poachers. No fresh arrest was made, Berhampur DFO S S Mishra said. Forest department staff had arrested three persons in connection with the electrocution of a female elephant and its calf at Kanakhai forest area on Sunday. Two other persons were arrested for allegedly killing three elephants in Gallery and Buguda forest ranges in the last 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16761463", "title": "'Depression avoidable, curable'", "text": "PATNA: The timing of the suicide by playback singer Asha Bhosle's daughter Varsha apparently due to depression could not have been more ironical: The World Mental Health Week began this very Monday and as part of the week, World Mental Health Day was observed on Wednesday, the day's theme being 'Depression: A global crisis'.\"The occasion assumes significance in that depression is one of the most widespread health disorders and often co-exists with other serious illnesses. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), depressive disorders were ranked as the third leading cause of the global burden of disease in 2004 and will move into the first place by 2030,\" said Dr Vinay Kumar , a local psychiatrist who is also the treasurer of Indian Psychiatric Society.Depression can range from minor mood disorders to debilitating depression. While figures for Bihar are not available, global statistics show depression affects one in five women and one in 10 men at some time in their lifetime.In India, on the other hand, 20% Indians need counselling at some time of their lives. One per cent of the population suffers from serious mental health disorders while 5-10% of Indians suffer from moderate disorders, according to government statistics.Dr Kumar said depression could cause depressed mood, loss of interest or pleasure, decreased energy, feelings of guilt or low self-worth, disturbed sleep or appetite and poor concentration. \"Depression often comes with symptoms of anxiety. These problems can become chronic or recurrent and impair an individual's ability to take care of his or her everyday responsibilities.\"\"At its worst,\" he said, \"depression can lead to suicide. Almost one million lives are lost every year due to suicide, which translates to around 3,000 suicides every day. For every person who commits suicide, 20 or more may attempt to end his or her life, as per a WHO report of 2012.\"Asked about the causative factors, the doctor said depression could more often be attributed to family history, poverty, low education, exposure to violence, chronic illness, separation and violence. \"Depression is two or three times more common in women.\"Depression can be diagnosed and treated. \"Ideal treatment includes psychosocial support combined with antidepressant medication or psychotherapy. Family members and close friends can play a key role in helping the victim cope with depression,\" he said.If one wants to avoid stress which may lead to depression, one should \"think simple\", says Dr Vinay Kumar. \"The consumer goods in the market are to help us lead a good life,\" but one should prioritize and keep in mind what keeps him or her comfortable. \"Listen to needs, not greed.\"\"Unnecessary, irresponsible relationship is a problem these days. Having one person to talk face-to-face is better than having 1,000 people on the Facebook. Family is the greatest invention and there is no substitute to this. So, one should always try to be a family person.\"\"Besides\", he says, \"physical exercises, morning walk, relaxation exercises like 'shavasan' (a yoga posture) and 'pranayam' can act as stress relievers. Soothing music, especially Indian, can also help. Alcohol, cannabis and substances with nicotine content don't lower stress; they rather increase it.\"There's no helpline to handle depression cases in Bihar which has only one mental hospital at Koelwar. Patna Medical College and Hospital and Nalanda Medical College and Hospital have a psychiatric department each. Private practitioners are playing a key role in treatment of mental disorders. A local psychiatrist brings out a magazine, 'Manoved Digest', to create awareness that mental disorders can be treated and that no stigma should be attached with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16764175", "title": "Three Indian Mujahideen terrorists arrested by Delhi Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorists, who were allegedly involved in the recent Pune blasts, have been arrested by Delhi Police.Sources said on Thursday that the trio were apprehended by Delhi Police's special cell.The suspected operatives were allegedly involved in the the Pune blasts, they said.Four low-intensity bomb blasts had taken place in Pune in August this year, leaving one person injured.The three arrested persons are said to be close to fugitive Indian Mujahideen chief Yasin Bhatkal, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16759446", "title": "PIL opposes auto-taxi fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: As the third taxi-autorickshaw fare hike in 12 months comes into effect on Thursday, the Bombay high court will hear a public interest litigation challenging the increase in fares. Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP), a body that aims to protect consumer rights, has filed a PIL claiming that the fare hike was \"arbitrary\" and made under pressure from auto and taxi unions. A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani is scheduled to hear the matter.The PIL has urged the court to quash the Hakim Committee report and allow for fare hikes only after all autos and taxis convert to electronic meters by March 2013. Taxi union leader A L Quadros told TOI that they will file an application to be allowed to intervene in the PIL.\"Having already hiked the fares in October 2011 and then again in March-April 2012, there was absolutely no need to hike the taxi-auto fares immediately and that too so steeply, causing tremendous financial burden to the consumers,\" said MGP's chairman Shrish Deshpande in his petition.In October 2011, the government had allowed a hike in auto fares for every subsequent kilometre by 50 paise from Rs 6.50 to Rs 7. In March-April 2012, minimum auto fare was hiked by Re 1 from 11 to Rs 12 and taxi fare from Rs 16 to Rs 17. The new minimum fare will rise from Rs 12 to Rs 15 and for taxis from Rs 17 to Rs 19 while subsequent kilometre fares will rise to Rs 9.87 for autos and Rs 12.35 for taxis.The PIL has targeted the Hakim Committee report, which was the basis for the new fare hike, saying the fare revision formula was based on \"totally arbitrary, unreasonable, unsubstantiated and unrealistic figures\", including those for insurance, taxes, repairs and maintenance and cost of living. \"The state has repeatedly succumbed to the pressure of the unions, which have threatened strikes, by hastily giving effect to the fare hike,\" claimed the petitioner. The MGP accused the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Transport Authority of rushing with a hike in fares without \"ensuring adequate infrastructural support and preparedness for changeover to a new fare structure that requires not only recalibration but converting all the existing meters to 1.5km being the first stage instead of the existing 1.6 km, and the subsequent fall at every 100 meters instead of 200 meters at present\".There are over a lakh autos and 45,000 taxis. MGP said it would be impossible to recalibrate metres by the 45-day deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16760155", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court notice to Punjab over donation to Lawrence School", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued a notice to Punjab government for donating Rs 1 crore to the Lawrence School at Sanawar in Himachal Pradesh.Admitting a public interest litigation filed by former Congress MLA Sukhpal Singh Khaira, a division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain issued the notice to the state government asking for an explanation.The petitioner has sought cancellation of the donation.According to the plea, as per the annual plan for 2012-13 of the Punjab government, Rs 1 crore was allotted for 'Punjab Nirman Programme' which was to be spent on different development activities.However, the money was given to the elite Lawrence School, Sanawar, by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , who is an alumnus of the school, at a function organised to mark the 65th anniversary of the institution on October 4.The petitioner's counsel argued that Sanawar school neither made any request for financial assistance nor did it need such a donation considering its rich financial condition.\"Thousands of government schools in Punjab are in a pitiable condition. Considering this, releasing Rs 1 crore to the elite school is not proper,\" the petition said.Advocate general of Punjab Ashok Aggarwal informed the court that the decision to give Rs 1 crore to the school was taken by the cabinet.The case would come up for further hearing on November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759710", "title": "LPG dealers to strictly implement home inspections", "text": "NAGPUR: LPG dealers in the city are strictly pursuing the home inspection policy with the intention of weeding out illegal gas connections. The inspection policy's basic purpose is to ascertain whether all safety measures are being implemented by a consumer while using LPG. The inspection staff member checks for signs of leakage and ascertains the condition of regulator and gas pipe.Nandram Raipure, president of Vidarbha LPG Dealers Association, said, \"The inspection has been made mandatory by oil marketing and is to be conducted every two years. There is a charge of Rs70 per visit, which has to be borne by the consumer. Everyone should understand that this is being done for the safety of consumers.\"However, sources among the dealers say that this inspection also gives them the opportunity to check for illegal connections. \"People may have extra LPG bottles and our inspection staff member will get a chance to verify that during the visit,\" said the source.However, consumers are not happy with this decision. Sanjay Jaiswal, a small businessman, visited his LPG agency a few days ago and was told about the inspection. \"Why should we pay Rs70 for this visit? They visit our houses and wrongly classify the pipes as faulty and charge us a few hundred bucks for replacement. This is a money minting exercise for them and if we do not allow the inspection they will not give us a LPG cylinder,\" claimed Jaiswal.Raipure however refuted the claim by Jaiswal, saying LPG cylinders will continue to be delivered to consumers, regardless of their inspection status. \"Consumers can keep availing of their LPG cylinders and I can assure you that our people will not forcibly replace LPG parts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16761937", "title": "Self-immolation bid in front of DM\u2019s office", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed on the district collectorate premises where a 62-year-old woman and her minor daughter set themselves on fire to draw attention to no action taken by police and district officials on repeated complaints of their tenant trying to grab their house. The two were taken to Ursala Horseman hospital, where doctors stated condition of the woman was stable while her daughter was in a critical state.Tasneem Fatima of Chamanganj and her teen-aged daughter Sahiba had warned the district and police officials, besides local newspapers and TV news channels, on Tuesday of the suicide bid they would make at 11.30 am on Wednesday, at the district collectorate compound in front of the office of the district magistrate unless the illegal occupants were evicted from her house.On October 5, the woman had tried to immolate herself in front of the Vidhan Sabha in the state capital in full public view but her attempt was foiled following timely action by the cops, who later pacified and assured her of prompt action in her case. But they failed to provide her any relief.On Wednesday, while the district collectorate compound was abuzz with activity, Tasneem Fatima and daughter Sahiba doused their clothes with kerosene and set themselves ablaze. Although police personnel and officials were deputed at the site to prevent them from the suicide bid, they could not stop them from taking the extreme step as the two set themselves afire in front of the district magistrate MP Agarwal's office. Till the time, the police personnel got hold of the situation, the two women were in flames. They suffered serious burns and were shifted to Ursala Horseman hospital, where doctors stated the condition of Tasneem was stable but her daughter Sahiba was critical.Eyewitnesses said onlookers along with cops and media persons put out the flames.As news of the incident spread, senior police officers reached the spot packed with curious onlookers including district collectorate employees, advocates and litigants.Tasneem Fatima's son Zafar Hayat Hashmi, president of Maulana Mohammad Ali Jauhar Fans Association, said, \"My mother had submitted an application to the local police stating her tenant late Mohammad Yasin Jafri's wife Zubeida Khatoon and her children were trying to grab our house.Despite her repeated complaints, police did not initiate any action against the illegal occupants and took the accused's side instead. Some time back they even assaulted my mother and other family members.\" He told TOI that his mother had made several representations to senior police and district officials against the house grabbers, but to no avail. At last, she thought of ending her life, said Hashmi.Doctors at the emergency unit of Ursala Horseman hospital said Sahiba's condition was critical. \"She has been kept in the emergency ward with 70 per cent burns, while her mother Tasneem who has sustained 40 per cent burns is stable. The girl suffered lower body burns, mostly on arms and back,\" said a senior official at Ursala Horseman hospital.District magistrate MP Agarwal said the matter will be probed thoroughly and necessary action would be initiated against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761643", "title": "Car-ma and destiny: Kolkata's soccer stars show new drive", "text": "KOLKATA: Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo score the world's best goals and drive the world's best cars. Their style, both on and off the pitch, is inspiring the city's newly rich A-list footballers to splurge on mean machines and live the good life, though football remains cricket's poor cousin in India. For them, it's just good karma (or car-ma if you will).The Maidan, which would once have rows of scooters and bicycles parked outside the training pitch, now boasts high-end SUVs and sedans, which one would normally expect to see outside the Eden Gardens. Bengal's dearth of success in the I-League in recent years - there's been a trophy drought since East Bengal won it in 2003-04 - hasn't affected the fortunes of its players. As salaries have risen and aspirations risen faster, some of the state's top footballers have, in fact, outstripped cricketers in owning luxury car brands. India and Mohun Bagan goalkeeper Arindam Bhattacharya, for instance, owns a BMW 3 series that costs over Rs 30 lakh, easily among the most expensive cars owned by Indian sportspersons if you leave out the Dhonis and Tendulkars.Money is finally flowing into the Maidan. Top city-based footballers, who play for the national team, earn close to a crore. Those who play the I-League make anything between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 70 lakh, or more in case of some star players. The pay is almost on a par with cricketers who have a Grade A contract with the Bthat assures them Rs 1 crore annually. And I-League players actually earn more than the average Ranji Trophy player, who make about Rs 15 lakh annually. The pay for top foreign players in the Kolkata circuit is mostly above Rs 1 crore. Some players even earn about Rs 2 crore, sources say.\"When I joined Bagan from Churchill Brothers, I needed a car. And the BMW was a car I wanted to drive since I was a boy. So, I just went ahead and bought it,\" says Arindam, whose first car was a Honda City, which he bought in 2007. Later, he bought a Honda Civic.The fatter paycheques have created both an appetite for expensive cars and the ability to spend on them, though cricket far outstrips football in India in terms of brand value and endorsements. Superstardom, too, has eluded footballers - shuttler Saina Nehwal , for instance, who won bronze at the London Olympics, recently signed a Rs 40-crore deal.Yet, footballers are happy to splurge on luxury, a testimony to their changing lifestyles and the adoption of the European way. Honda City seems to be the most popular car amongst the city's footballers, run close by Toyota Corolla and Hyundai Accent. Edeh Chidi drives a Maruti Swift, Gurwinder Singh has a Nissan Sunny while Harmanjyot Singh Khabra owns a Toyota Corolla. United SC and India goalkeeper Subrata Pal recently bought a Renault Duster.United SC's Lalkamal Bhowmick, the club's top midfielder last season, bought a Toyota Fortuner earlier this year and dreams of owning a Mercedez Benz. Bhowmick used to travel by train when he started his professional career with Eveready in 2004 and subsequently drove a bike. \"I needed a car to travel from home to the ground. Also, with this car my family members can also travel conveniently,\" he said.India defender Gourmangi Singh, who has a Honda City, wants to buy an Audi. East Bengal midfielder Ishfaq Ahmed, who is using his third car, Honda City, after switching from Hyundai Accent Viva and Volkswagen Polo, brings up an interesting point. \"I work really hard everyday and my body goes through a lot of strain. Thus, I feel the need to pamper myself and a car is a part of that,\" he says.Comparing CarsCricketManoj Tiwary: Honda CRV (Rs 24L)Wriddhiman Saha: Swift Dzire (Rs 7L)Ashok Dinda: Hyundai Verna (Rs 9L)FootballArindam Bhattacharya: BMW 3 series (Rs 30L)Lalkamal Bhowmick: Toyota Fortuner (Rs 24L)Subrata Pal: Renault Duster (Rs 11L)All prices are approximate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16759269", "title": "1 dies in boat capsize, another missing", "text": "GUWAHATI: A school student died when a country boat capsized in a flooded waterbody at Hirajani area in Kamrup (rural) district, at least 25km away from the city on Wednesday morning.Locals said a man aboard the boat is believed to be missing, but police denied anyone went missing the incident. The victim was identified as Kalpana Begum, an eighth standard student of a local Madrasa school.\"The boat was carrying 15 passengers and was going from Hirajani to Bamunbori village when a strong gale hit the boat and it sank. Locals rescued all the passengers but the girl died. One of the rescued was an old man whose condition was critical. Three of the rescued passengers were sent to Gauhati Medical College Hospital,\" said a policeman of Kamrup (rural) district.However, locals claimed that one man is still missing and they are searching for him.\"The road that used to connect the villages is submerged in floodwaters for the past four months. The villagers have no other option but to sail in country boats,\" said a local.Earlier, six school students, including two girls, drowned in two separate boat capsize incidents in Morigaon district while 12 others were either rescued or swam to safety on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16761166", "title": "Politicians cannot perform aartis at garba venues", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: No politician in the state would be allowed to capitalize on festivals like Navratri for electoral gains. The poll machinery has made it clear that anyone doing so would be violating the model code of conduct. A senior official said here on Wednesday, \"Navratri is a religious platform and cannot be used for poll campaigning.\"It was further elaborated that no politician would be allowed to go to various garba venues as special invitees and perform aartis over there. \"He or she can go as an ordinary participant to the venue. They can also perform aarti at their homes, but not at public functions. Garba venues cannot be used as political platforms,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the poll machinery has become more stringent on the material being shown as political advertisement through various means. Political advertisements shown at cinema houses will also be certified by the Media Certification and Monitoring Committees (MCMC). Earlier, these committees were to certify the material being telecast on television channels and different radio stations. An election commission official said that poll machinery in the state has sought certain clarifications with regards to political material being posted on various social networking sites.Another new feature at the forthcoming assembly polls would be the categorization of employees who would be casting their votes through the postal ballot. This time emphasis is being laid on ensuring that the drivers and cleaners of vehicles requisitioned for conduct of polls cast their votes through postal ballots. The collectors in various districts have been asked to get the bus depot managers and other transport authorities to make preparations for facilitating voting by drivers and cleaners. Similar arrangements are also being made for the categories of polling staff and security personnel.\"We expect more than 3 lakh people to exercise their right to franchise through the postal ballot this time,\" an official said.The postal ballots reaching the counting centres by 8 am on the day of the counting would be accepted. The process of counting will start with postal ballots and would be followed by counting the votes locked in EVMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16759689", "title": "Big goof up in Master in Computer Management results", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the beleaguered students of Master in Computer Management (MCM) are yet to come out of the trauma of receiving handwritten marksheets, they got yet another jolt. It has come to fore that Nagpur University has allegedly committed a big goof up while calculating their final year marks.A bunch of these aggrieved students approached TOI office after NU exam section officials allegedly refused to entertain them. They said that about 50% of their results have been wrongly printed since NU officials have miscalculated their marks.Though pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie couldn't be contacted, Controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke told TOI that he was not aware of any goof-up as he had recently taken charge. \"But we will take remedial steps if any such mistake is brought to light,\" he assured.Explaining the goof-up, students claimed that they took admission to MCM in the second year after completing their one-year Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Commercial Applications (PGDCCA). NU releases combined result of MCM first year (700 marks) and second year (800 marks) and gives aggregate marks out of 1500. In case of PGDCCA students, NU takes into account their diploma marks which are out of 800 and converts it into that out of 700 in order to calculate their average.This year, however, the students alleged that NU exam section officials forgot to reduce marks of such PGDCCA students and added their original marks which were out of 800 to the mark obtained in second year. When the results were announced on August 31, they were surprised to see that these students had secured marks that were the highest ever in the course's history.They stated that ever since MCM was introduced, students could hardly get 1200 out of 1500 marks. This time surprisingly, a majority of them had achieved very high marks. About 1,078 students appeared in the MCM final semester exam and 368 managed to clear it with 35% success rate as per NU website. Students rued that even the website data is full of errors. It shows that the students have appeared in Marathi medium whereas the entire MCM course is in English.Citing an example and also showing a PDGCCA marksheet, the students claimed that one of them had secured 610/800 marks in PGDCCA exam last year. They said that the same were reflected in MCM final year marksheet despite the fact that her actual marks should be 534/700. This means that the students had got additional 76 marks.NU has already distributed marksheets to all such students and their respective colleges also have handed over their transfer certificates (TC). Hence, it would be extremely difficult to trace all of them in order to call back their marksheets, the students claimed. They demanded fair results and corrected marksheets from NU. They want the guilty officials, who have committed this blunder, to be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16761936", "title": "'Jagriti Yatra' invites applications from students", "text": "RANCHI: If you have fire in your belly, dreams of making it big one day, and if you happen to be in the age group of 20-25 years, head for Jagriti Yatra, the nationwide annual train journey with a vision of 'building India through enterprise' by awakening the spirit of entrepreneurship among the youth of the nation.Campus ambassador from BIT Mesra Akshay Jalan who has already secured his place in the chartered train that would give an opportunity to young and potential entrepreneurs from smaller towns and villages of the country said, \"The yatra takes 450 highly motivated participants, in the age group of 20-25 years, as participants, and, above 25 years of age, as facilitators on a 15-day journey.\"Originating from IIT Mumbai on December 24, the train will stop at 13 different locations covering a total distance of 9,000 kilometres.For the 450 students to be selected for the yatra, applications have been invited from students across the country. All they need to so is give a brief account of their project and based on the presentation, selections will be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16759526", "title": "How much has been spent on cleaning Yamuna, asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday wanted to know the exact amount spent by the Centre and Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana to reduce pollution in Yamuna while saying that over Rs 1,000 crore was spent but the river was dirtier than before.Pendency of proceedings initiated suo motu in 1994 by the apex court on the basis of a newspaper report 'And Quiet Flows Maili Yamuna' and the zero result achieved in nearly two decades appeared to bother a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Madan Lokur.The bench asked the Union urban development secretary and chief secretaries of the three states to file personal affidavits within two weeks detailing the money spent so far under Phase I &amp; II of Yamuna Action Plan (YAP) and explain why the river water was dirtier than before.It also asked the counsel for the states to suggest names of eminent persons and experts for constituting a high level committee which would formulate a comprehensive plan to control pollution and improve the water quality of the river.Additional solicitor general P P Malhotra informed the court that the Centre alone had spent Rs 1,062 crore on cleaning Yamuna. The bench also asked the commissioners of the four civic bodies in Delhi and the vice-chairperson of Delhi Development Authority to file affidavits detailing the money spent by them in this regard.The bench warned the top bureaucrats that failure to furnish the information would require their presence in court on October 30 to explain the reason for default. \"Unfortunately, a huge amount has been spent without achieving any perceptible change in the water quality,\" it said.To sensitize the top bureaucrats about the urgency in making a joint effort to save the Yamuna, the bench reflected in its order test results of river water conducted by Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), which showed the water hardly had any dissolved oxygen level vital for fish survival but was full of coliform.CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani referred to the test report and said, \"Cumulative assessment of all the parameters of water quality indicates that river Yamuna is not conforming to the desired levels from Hathnikund to Agra downstream due to higher concentration of one or the other pollutants despite excessive monsoon flow in the river.\"The bench wanted to know whether any of the state governments had done a study of the drains carrying both domestic as well as industrial waste into the river directly. In addition, the court sought information about the number of effluent treatment plants and sewage treatment plants in these states including data about their efficiency level.\"The governments must make a joint effort to stop discharge of industrial and domestic waste into the river directly. It is sad everyone is shifting their responsibility,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16762308", "title": "Defi 12: Students turn entrepreneurs for 3 days", "text": "MANGALORE: Students of TA Pai Management Institute (Tapmi), Manipal, are gearing up for a war to become the best entrepreneur as part of Defi 12, a three-day entrepreneurial event organized by Omega, a student wing of the college.As part of the event students will try to sell their ideas and products on the campus as well as in and around Manipal. They will set up stalls to sell chocolates, fast food and others.Defi 12 will be get underway on Friday. The objective of the event is to bring out entrepreneurial talent of students.The team which generate highest revenue in three days will be declared the winner. Of the 33 teams, who presented their ideas before OMEGA, 11 teams have been shortlisted and these teams will be provided with an initial capital to start their business ventures.The teams will be judged on the basis of profit, transparency in business and innovative ideas and online marketing.Tapmi branding and promotions dean Chowdari Prasad told The Times of India, \"The event will help students get hands-on experience on setting up their own businesses. It will also enhance their skills in building good customer relationship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16761366", "title": "Kolkata cops held for Rs 45L robbery, fake abduction", "text": "KOLKATA: \"We care for you,\" screams the catchline of the Kolkata Police, reassuring Kolkatans that their city is in safe hands.That claim, and the city's wavering trust in its police force amid an alarming rise in crime rate, took a blow on Wednesday when two cops were arrested for robbing a businessman of Rs 45 lakh. Sunil Das, an anti-rowdy officer of sub-inspector rank at Narkeldanga police station, and Soumen Jha, a constable at Manicktala police station, were remanded in police custody till October 22 along with four others held in the case.The plot was allegedly masterminded by Moh-ammed Amin alias Pankaj, a police informer, and Swapan Maity, who runs a chit fund business. Amin, who knew the cops, took them into confidence. The daylight robbery took place on September 30 at Ultadanga bridge, where Chennai-based scrap dealer Sahil Hamid was waylaid, thrashed and his cash stolen. The cops then staged a fake abduction, and whisked Amin away at gunpoint to confuse investigators, said deputy commissioner (eastern suburban division) Satyajit Banerjee.Ironically, it was their police training that gave the cops away. The businessman told sleuths two of the robbers had searched his car like professionals and threatening him with dire consequences for carrying \"black money\".A check showed Das and Jha hadn't reported for duty on September 30. Their involvement was nailed by call records. Both were picked up from their respective police stations while Amin was arrested from his Tiljala home. The other arrests were made in East Jadavpur and Basirhat.Sleuths said Amin came to know about Sahil through Niranjan, a Chennai-based scrap-agent. Along with chit-fund businessman Swapan Maity, he posed as a scrap dealer and promised to get Sahil brass-scrap below market price. Sahil was lured by the prospect of buying 15 tons of brass scrap at Rs 250 per kg instead of Rs 350, and agreed to make a cash payment of Rs 45 lakh.On September 30, after arriving in Kolkata, Sahil hired a Toyota Innova to go to Dunlop, where the deal was to be struck. Sahil sat on the front seat. Amin sat with Sahil's cousin Jabbar on the middle seat. The cops and the other plotters followed them in a cab. At Aurobindo Setu, the cab suddenly pulled up in front of the Toyota and forced it to stop. Sahil and Jabbar were overpowered and thrashed. The cash was in a plastic bag inside a briefcase. Once they got the cash, they 'abducted' Amin at gunpoint. City police chief R K Pachnanda prioritized the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-11"}
