{"city": "vasco", "code": "13158543", "title": "Eyebrows raised over Velsao shack fire", "text": "VASCO: A shack-cum-beach restaurant was allegedly set on fire at Velsao beach by unknown persons on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday.The owner of the shack, Aiman Akhtar, lodged a complaint with the Verna police informing them about the incident. At about 2am on Tuesday morning, the supervisor called Akhtar informing her that the shack 'Kneez-Up' which contained property of around 40 lakh, was on fire. When Akhtar reached the site, her 1,500 sq ft AC wooden shack-cum-restaurant was up in flames.Speaking to TOI, Akhtar said, \"Building of the shack was supposed to start in December last year, but the villagers continuously kept objecting that an outsider was holding property in Velsao village. So building of the structure was delayed.\"Akhtar hails from Delhi. According to her, villagers even made the Velsao panchayat inspect and check the legalities over the property. Akhtar had taken the land at Velsao beach on lease in April last year.Presently, only touch-up work was left to be completed. Akhtar was planning to inaugurate it this coming season. On Monday evening, the villagers again arrived at the site and after a heated argument slapped Akhtar's supervisor. Akhtar was earlier threatened that if she continued with the work, her property would be set on fire, as villagers had strong objection about a non-Goan starting up a business there.There is another shack at Velsao beach, but run by a Goan. The matter has been reported to Verna police, who has asked Akhtar to come back on Wednesday, due to panchayat elections.\"The incident is registered as a fire accident and the investigations are on,\" a Verna police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13149944", "title": "Aamir working for money, not issue, says Minister", "text": "Rajkumar Sharma, Rajasthan's Minister for Health, has criticised Aamir Khan's TV show Satyamev Jayate.The minister has accused the actor of \"sensationalising female foeticide cases\" in the state. While one cannot deny that the government has swung into action after the first episode of SMJ, Sharma says, \"There was an impression that the government took action only after Aamir's campaign, but I would like to highlight that we've already been working for the same. Budget announcements to check foeticide are there and several other steps are being taken. The government took up the issue much before Aamir Khan's programme.\"He further says that Satyamev Jayate is not a campaign for social awareness. \"Aamir himself has said that he is an entertainer and cannot work longer on one topic, that simply means what he is doing is for monetary gains. If he really wants to work on this issue, then I welcome him to come and work here on ground.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157657", "title": "15 months of shame end amid fanfare for Raja", "text": "NEW DELHI: After spending 15 months in Tihar Jail, former telecom minister A Raja finally walked out of the jail complex amongst much fanfare. Granted bail by a Delhi court in the 2G spectrum case, a visibly happy Raja returned to jail from court at 4.40pm.\"He had been quite hopeful of getting bail before he had left for court on Tuesday morning and had told his co-inmates the same. When he reached jail, he joked with the Tamil Nadu police posted at the deory and was smiling at everyone. He ordered sweets from the south Indian canteen in jail and distributed it amongst jail staff and ward number 9, where he was staying,\" said a jail source. South Indian fare had been started in the canteen for the first time at Raja's request, said jail officials.Raja was later released at 7pm from jail after he completed all legal formalities following the bail order. \"We received his bail order at 5.45pm and he was released after the formalities were concluded. His brother-in-law had come to take him from jail,\" said Neeraj Kumar, DG (Prisons).Raja, who did not want to interact with media, left Tihar Jail quietly in a silver sedan, accompanied by his relatives and DMK leaders including MP TR Baalu.Meanwhile, a crowd of DMK supporters had gathered at the jail entrance, bursting firecrackers and shouting slogans while waving red and black DMK flags. Nearly 500 supporters of the former minister had come down to Delhi from Tamil Nadu to 'take him back'. \"I am happy that he is being released, I have been an ardent supporter of him, hope he is cleared of all charges someday,\" said one of his supporters who had come all the way from Padambalore, Raja's native district in Tamil Nadu.Raja, who was granted bail on the ground of parity as other 13 co-accused have already secured bail, had apparently been planning the plea for months. \"Initially, when he had entered jail he would play badminton and other activities. But for the last several weeks, he had been only poring over law books or meticulously go through legal matter relating to his case. He had told jail officials that he was a lawyer himself so was following the court proceedings to determine when is the best time to apply for bail,\" said a highly-placed jail source.Raja's close aide Siddharth Behura had been awarded bail last week. Raja, who was arrested last year on February 2, is the fourteenth person to be granted bail on the case. Raja had spent 15 months in jail number 1 in Tihar. He had been lodged in the same ward where Indira Gandhi killers Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh had been lodged. Raja shared jail space with other high-profile criminals such as Sukhram, SS Rathi and RK Sharma during his stint in Tihar.(Inputs from Irfan Ahmad and Somreet Bhattacharya)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158018", "title": "Gehlot meets Sonia; fresh fissures over Bharatpur violence", "text": "JAIPUR: The violence committed at a Congress workshop in Bharatpur early this month has exposed the fresh fissures that developed within the ruling party after a group of anti-Gehlot legislators stepped up its demand for a change of leadership in the state.After initial statements that the May 5 violence was \"deliberate\" and \"preplanned\", the party leaders are now grouped into those demanding action against former Bharatpur MP Vishvendra Singh and those seeking clemency for him. The incident has gradually began to be seen as an attempt to weaken PCC chief Chandrabhan, who was taking an independent stand on the state's government performance.The increasing infightings have forced the Congress central leadership to take a note of the political developments in the state. Congress president Sonia Gandhi's meeting with chief minister Ashok Gehlot in New Delhi on Tuesday is said to have revolved largely over the indiscipline issue plaguing the party in the state were assembly elections are due in December next year. Sources said Sonia has directed the chief minister to contain the growing disgruntlement within the state organisation as well as the party's legislative wing.Apparently hurt by frequent complaints against him, Gehlot told reporters after his meeting with the party president: \"No one is perfect. But if people are approaching the senior leaders, only truth should be told. This will demonstrate their loyalty towards the party.\"A day earlier, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi held discussions with Gehlot over the state's political developments. The chief minister's detractors have once again begun to project his three-day stay in Delhi and the meetings with the party top brass as indicative of 'changes' to follow.In yet another instance of factionalism within the ruling party, a group of senior leaders is now emphasising that the BJP's allegations against Gujarat governor Kamla were a 'handiwork' of the some Congressmen only. \"One by one all potential Jat Congress leaders are maliciously being dragged into baseless controversies to block the community's claim for top post (chief minister),\" said a senior Congress leader who did not wish to be identified. The tussle between PCC chief Chandrabhan and former Bharatpur MP, Vishvendra Singh was also being projected in the same light.Chandrabhan, meanwhile, toughened his stand against Vishvendra Singh on Tuesday. \"Singh should say sorry to the party high command and the Congress workers and not to me,\" the PCC chief said, reacting to Singh's statement that he regretted his remarks against Chandrabhan. The Congress state president insisted that the violence committed at the Congress workshop in Bharatpur did not bode well for the party discipline. Soon after the incident Chandrabhan had suspended the remaining three workshops at Jaipur, Kota and Udaipur scheduled for this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158708", "title": "Ayurveda doctor told to pay Rs 7L for 2004 death", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has upheld a state commission order that found an ayurvedic doctor guilty of negligence after the allopathic medicine he administered to a man in 2004 led to his death. The commission said the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission's order directing Dr R R Singh to pay the man's widow, Pratibha Gamre, Rs 7 lakh was just.The National Commission said the doctor should not have admitted Pandurang Gamre as his condition was alarming and should have advised him to approach a good hospital. \"It is difficult to fathom as to how and why drugs like Betnesol, Decadron &amp; Neurobion were prescribed without consulting any allopathic doctor. It is difficult to understand how the petitioner (Dr Singh) switched over to allopathy without any knowledge of the same. A doctor is not supposed to play with the lives of people for his personal gain,\" the commission said.On August 20, 2004, Pandurang, a BMC deputy superintendent, had severe pain in his lower body. Gamre took him to Singh's clinic at Kandivli (E), where he said that Pandurang had a serious illness and could even suffer a paralytic stroke. Gamre paid the doctor Rs 2,700 and said since her husband could avail of free treatment at the BMC hospital, she wanted him discharged. But Singh convinced her against moving him.Gamre alleged that at night, Singh left her husband in the care of his compounder. The compounder gave him medicines prescribed by Singh. He died soon after. Gamre filed a consumer complaint in the forum on June 18, 2007, which was rejected. Gamre filed an appeal in the state commission.Singh contended that though Pandurang had been to this clinic, he neither treated him nor accepted any fees. He said Pandurang died of a heart attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13159596", "title": "Weather continues to fluctuate in May too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an unpredictable April, May too is seeing fluctuations in temperature, with western disturbances hitting the city time and again, leaving residents confused. The meteorological department has predicted rise and fall in mercury and light rain in the coming days.According to a graph on the official website of the Chandigarh met department, the temperature was above the normal line from May 8 to 10 and it dropped below the normal line by -3 degrees celsius on May 11. In the next two days, the temperature is expected to rise again. In the first 10 days of May, the temperature had shot up by 8.4 degrees celsius.\"The coming two days would be sunny, thus raising the temperature. Till May 17, the temperature will rise but after that it will drop once again as there are chances of cloudy sky and light rain due to western disturbances,\" said Chandigarh met director Surender Pal.Such temperature fluctuations in May were witnessed last year as well.Residents too are also not at ease because of the sudden changes in weather.Sahbi Kaur, a resident of Sector 23 said, \"The worst part is when all of a sudden there is rain or a dust storm, putting everything on hold. On Saturday we had just reached the lake, when all of a sudden there was a dust storm, which ruined all the fun.\"Lalit Duggal, a resident of Sector 33 said, \"It is okay if it rains but there is a problem when the weather becomes unpredictable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157999", "title": "Power plant on verge of failure after lack of solid waste", "text": "JAIPUR: When the state government is gearing up to promote the technology to produce fuel out of wastes, a similar arrangement in the city is failing due to alleged sapathy of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) in providing solid waste to one of the private companies which has set up its plant here.A private player has established an industry to process municipal solid waste on the outskirts of Jaipur to generate 130-140 tons of refuse derived fuel (RDF) out of 400-500 tons of waste per day. The memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed between the company and the JMC puts the binding clause on the corporation to provide the waste to the company on a day-to-day basis.However, the company is operating in half of its production capacity as the JMC failed in its commitment to provide the segregate solid waste. \"As per the agreement, JMC was to give us the municipal waste, particularly the plastics after segregating it from all the waste. But what we are receiving is all the municipal waste in which the content of the plastics is very low. All the rag pickers already took them out,\" an official of the company said.In the absence of the plastic waste, the company is purchasing it form the market and producing the fuel which is used in its cement plant in Madhya Pradesh. But officials in the JMC refuse any such claims made by the company. \"All the garbage collected from the city is reaching the company's facility. We haven't received any complaints so far. However, I am not aware about the technicalities of the agreement,\" mayor Jyoti Khandelwal said.Officials of the company also claim that they have even proposed the idea of collection of the garbage on their own so that they can get easy flow of raw material for their plant. However the \"red tape\" in the department made it impossible to go ahead with the idea.\"The plant was established after investing Rs 20 crore. It has to keep functioning otherwise it will be of no use. So we asked the corporation officials to grant us permission of collecting the garbage directly but did not get any positive response,\" the company official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13160123", "title": "Over 1,600 children to get free education in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: As many as 1,645 economically backward and underprivileged children in Dakshina Kannada will get free education in class I from this academic year under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009.The department of public instructions on Tuesday issued a circular directing 143 unaided primary schools in the district to reserve 25 per cent seats in class I as per Section 12(1)(c) of the act. Meanwhile, 125 unaided schools in the district, which have minority status, are exempted from the rule as per the Supreme Court directive.Poor children in Mangalore taluk education block will get more number of seats compared to other blocks as the education block has more unaided primary schools.As many as 409 poor children will get free education in 33 unaided schools in the education block. The Sullia education block has the least number of unaided schools in the district and only 85 children will get the benefits of RTE there.Meanwhile, officials of the department of public instructions and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) are awaiting a fresh circular regarding the revision of minority school list.Minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri had on Monday said that the government would issue a circular to review the list of minority schools.SSA deputy project coordinator N Shivaprakash said, \"We are waiting for the guidelines for categorizing unaided schools as minority institutions. We will take action if any unaided school is found enjoying minority status without adhering to the guidelines. The department will direct such schools also to reserve 25 per cent seats for poor.\"There are 268 unaided primary schools in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158265", "title": "Illegal mining sees tax collection slump", "text": "PANAJI: The illegal mining scam which hit the mining sector in the state, has affected the Union ministry target for total tax collections from the state for the recently concluded financial year.A total income tax of 3,441 crore was collected from Goa from April 2011-March 2012. This amount was less than the Union finance ministry target of Rs 6,330 crore and attributed this to the decrease in collections from the state's lucrative mining sector.In 2010-11, the total income tax collected from the state was 3,456 crore which was a 43% increase from the 2009-10 collection of 2,409 crore. This increase too was as a result of the mining boom in the state. Now the mining bust has led to a decrease of similar proportion.Besides mining, which is a major contributor to the tax kitty, the other contributors were manufacturing, real estate , tourism and pharmaceutical sectors.The income tax office for Panaji also looks after Belgaum and Mangalore. The contribution of the entire region including Goa, Mangalore and Belgaum was 4,951 crore as against 4,979 in 2010-11.For the year 2011-12, the Union finance ministry has increased the state's tax collection target by around 25% with an increase of around 2,700 crore from the 2010-11 target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158069", "title": "Activist's kin allege papers searched", "text": "NEW DELHI: RTI activist Ravinder Balwani's family has alleged that several papers on court cases which Balwani was carrying with him were \"frantically searched\" and important documents could have gone missing.Balwani was an aide of RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal and a member of his NGO Parivartan. The postmortem report handed over to the family says, \"The cause of death is head injury and its implications as a result of blunt force impact. All injuries are ante-mortem in nature.\"Balwani's daughter Sonia alleged that her father was attacked and the case was being passed off as an accident from day one. \"If it was a hit-and-run, how can there be no injuries on my father who was exceptionally tall, except for the drag marks (bruises) on his feet. It is highly unnatural,\" she asked.Balwani's wife Anjana feared he was targeted as he was collecting evidence to move court against officials of the power sector.Denying the charges, police maintained investigations were on and efforts being made to locate the offending vehicle. There are no witnesses or arrests yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158391", "title": "Gross violation at Gymkhana club: Right to Information", "text": "GURGAON: An RTI reply from the registrar of societies has revealed that the Gymkhana Club in Sector 29 has not held a general body meeting since 2007, which is in gross violation of established norms.According to the RTI reply (a copy of which is with TOI), the president (who is the divisional commissioner) and the vice president (HUDA administrator) have not signed the accounts of the club and the audits have been signed by a manager, who is a non-government employee.When the divisional commissioner T K Sharma was contacted, he said that those raising the issue had \"some hidden agenda\" behind doing so. When asked to elaborate on the \"hidden agenda,\" the commissioner said that the members in question had not met him so far and that he was unaware of their demands.According to Sudesh Mohan Sharma, a retired director (marketing) from Coal India Ltd and a member since 2005, it is mandatory to hold the annual general meeting for any registered society (like the HUDA Gymkhana) every year where members are to be shown audited accounts and also fix the auditor for the coming year.However, according to the reply and as per the divisional commissioner, there has been no general body meeting for since 2007.When asked, the divisional commissioner said, \"There has been no urgent need to hold a meeting. Also, there are only a handful of members who have issues with the club functioning.\"The members have been highlighting issues of improper accounts, functioning of the contractor and poor quality of services among others for a long time.They had also written a letter to the divisional commissioner and the HUDA administrator recently (reported by TOI) after which Sharma had said he would look into the matter. \"I had asked the HUDA administrator to intervene after the last time but he reported that all was normal and there were a handful of members who seemed to have issues,\" said Sharma.Also, as per the RTI reply, the \"audited\" documents by one Sourav Goyal, the proprietor of Sourav Goyal and Associates Chartered Accounts situated in Sector 23 here, have been signed by a non-government employee who is also the manager at the Gymkhana Club.The same person has remained the auditor since at least 2009 without the knowledge of the members of the club. When contacted on his mobile, Goyal refused to comment on the matter.According to the members, the audited accounts not only have to be shown to members but also need to be signed by the top-most authority of the registered society.When the divisional commissioner was asked why a non-government employee appointed as a manager was authorised to sign \"audited\" documents running into a few crores, he said, \"It does not matter; after all, he has been appointed at a post in the club.\"Members also complain that the contract for the pool and other facilities like the bar and the restaurant have been given to the same contractor for a period of nine years without any consulting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157553", "title": "Raja's men paint town red &amp; black", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 300 supporters of DMK - from Ariyalur, Coimbatore, Nilgiri and Perambalur districts in Tamil Nadu - reached here on Monday night to lend their support for ex-telecom minister A Raja on a day when the Special CBI court was due to pronounce its order on his bail plea.On Wednesday morning, they gathered outside the Patiala House court waiting with bated breath to hear the \"good news\". Inside the courtroom, Raja didn't betray any emotion, while his wife, M A Parameswari, looked visibly tensed. All the other accused, who are out on bail, had also come to witness the outcome of the bail plea.As soon as Special CBI judge O P Saini granted bail to Raja, tears started rolling down the cheeks of Parameswari. Raja's ex-aide R K Chandolia, an accused in the 2G scam whose bail was upheld by the apex court recently, was also seen visibly happy. The other accused in the 2G scam also rushed to congratulate him.Celebrations broke out outside the court soon after news of his bail trickled with a large number of his supporters and some party MPs gathering to cheer him. \"Long live Raja\", his supporters raised slogans.\"We are very happy with the order. No celebrations. Our whole family will have a get together after a very long time,\" Parameswari said when asked about Raja, who was in jail since February 2, 2011.Senior DMK leader T R Baalu , who also arrived in the court later, echoed the prevailing mood. \"We are very happy with the court's landmark order,\" he said,After Raja came out of the courtroom, his supporters surrounded him and welcomed him with a shawl before escorting him to the lock-up that is located near the court room.The supporters rejoiced the moment and distributed sweets. S Baskar, one of Raja's supporter from Ariyular district, said, \"We are very happy. People are waiting for him (Raja) in his constituency\".Dhanapal, District Councillor of Ariyullar (Tamilnadu) said, \"He (Raja) was not mastermind of any scam as claimed by CBI. He is the mastermind of public service. He has provided cellphone in every hand - be it autowallahs or rickshawallahs. It was a conspiracy to arrest him and keep him in jail for 15 months\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157978", "title": "Two-year-old drowns in bucket", "text": "JAIPUR: In a freak accident, a two-year-old girl got drowned in a bucket of water in Bhatta Basti area on Tuesday morning.The child, Tannu Kumari, was playing in the courtyard of her house when she spotted a bucket full of water kept nearby. She approached the bucket and started playing with the water while her mother was busy in the kitchen. However, she soon fell face down into it. By the time her mother spotted the girl, she had died.The mishap left the family members and neighbours completely shocked. As the girl's parents did not come out of the shock, the police could not record their statement till evening.The incident took place at Tata Nagar colony in Bhatta Basti. \"Her father Suresh Kumar is a Class IV employee with Rajasthan Roadways. The incident took place around 9.30 am after he left for duty,\" said sub-inspector Sajjan Singh, who is investigating the case.\"The girl was taken to Kanwatia Hospital where she was declared brought dead. The doctors informed the Bhatta Basti police. Meanwhile, neighbours informed the father also,\" said the officer.He added that the family members were so shocked by the incident that the father lost consciousness several times.\"The postmortem of the body has been conducted. It was handed over to the family members in the afternoon. We had inspected the place where she drowned, but we could not record the statement of the mother as she was in a state of shock,\" said the officer.A huge crowd of neighbours kept consoling the girl's parents. The couple has a boy too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159166", "title": "Students spread health awareness", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Cotton College Women's Forum along with some students and professors on Tuesday conducted an awareness programme on health and education at Hajongbari village under the Chandrapur circle in the outskirts of the city.The visit was conducted under the University Grant Commission's welfare programme to enhance education and health awareness in rural areas. This is the second phase of the extension programme.Ten faculty members and ten students from the Anthropology and Geography departments took part in the awareness programme . A doctor and a compounder accompanied the visiting team to help facilitate medical and health awareness.Joyshree Bora, secretary of Cotton College Women's Forum said in the coming weeks the forum will distribute cupboards, furniture, utensils and other important items required for the primary school at the village.\"The women's forum of Cotton College at previous occasions had also worked with people of Pamohi village located within the Gorchuk area, said Niroda Devi, principal Cotton College. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159533", "title": "Pak envoy meets home secretary ahead of talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani high commissioner Shahid Malik on Tuesday met home secretary R K Singh and is learnt to have discussed various aspects of the forthcoming home secretary-level talks between the two countries which is scheduled to be held in Islamabad on May 24-25.The two countries are expected to sign a liberalized visa agreement during the talks. The new visa agreement, if signed, will allow 'certified' businessmen from both sides to get one year multiple-entry 'non-police reporting' visa. It will also allow them to visit five cities instead of three at present.The new visa regime will also benefit elderly people from both sides as they will be exempt from police reporting. The Cabinet had given its nod to the pact on April 25.The Indian delegation will also press for action from Pakistan to bring the Mumbai attack perpetrators, including JuD chief Hafiz Saeed, to justice and speedy trial in a Pakistani court of seven 26/11 accused like Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157951", "title": "Schools escape Right to Education quota norm", "text": "MUMBAI: A Right to Education (RTE) Act clause on setting aside 25% of school seats for students from the economically weaker sections or backward classes has sent city schools in a tizzy. The state government has decided to implement the rule this year itself even as almost all schools have already tied up their admission process. To their relief, though, the government has agreed that if schools can prove that their admission procedure was completed before April 12--the day the Supreme Court gave its verdict on implementation of the clause--they do not have to comply with the clause in the coming academic year.\"While the Supreme Court order says this rule must be implemented by the next academic year, the state government has made it compulsory this year itself when they are not even sure what is the exact definition of the term 'weaker section'. The government has to first give us proper guidelines to follow,\" said Sandeep Goenka, managing trustee of Billabong High International School, Juhu. Most schools have completed admission for the pre-primary section by mid-March and are worried that they will be forced to admit students from weaker sections in the higher classes.\"The government can order schools to increase the student capacity of classrooms, but how do we increase the seating capacity of classrooms? \" said Ramakant Pandey, principal of Bansidhar Agarwal Model School, Wadala. \"Where their funding is involved, they (the government) never act on time. How can one depend on a government that is still unclear about many clauses under RTE?\"Most schools have already made arrangements to introduce this feature in the next academic year. \"Our management has already discussed this clause with me but we can accommodate it only in the next academic year as our admission for this year was closed in March itself,\" said Natasha Mehta, principal of Euroschool in Navi Mumbai. She added that the school only considers transfer cases for admission to higher classes. \"How else can we accommodate all the children?\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160241", "title": "Landowners have right to reject govt\u2019s offer price: HC", "text": "KOCHI: A recent ruling by the Kerala high court on land acquisition may cause further delay in acquiring land, as the court clarified that the price fixed by land acquisition officers are only offers and landowners are not bound by law to accept them.Considering petitions by three landowners from Malappuram challenging the price offered for construction of the approach road to Ummathoor-Aanakadavu Bridge, division bench of Justice Pius C Kuriakose and Justice K Harilal held: \"It is trite that awards passed by land acquisition officer are only offers. The awardees are free to accept or not to accept those offers.\"The court also expressed surprise at the criticism by the lower court that the petitioners hadn't challenged the offers by the land acquisition officer. That the petitioners hadn't accepted the awards is evident from the fact that the claimant facilitated a reference under section 18 of the Act, which deals with negotiation through courts, the high court observed.For the land situated 500 metres from the civil station in Malappuram town, the land acquisition officer had fixed a rate of Rs 5,008 per cent, while a transaction two and-a-half years prior to the notification for acquisition was Rs 90,000 per cent. When the officer's decision was upheld by a lower court, the landowners approached the high court. The lower court had reasoned that the petitioners would benefit from the higher price for their remaining land when the road becomes a reality.However, the high court disagreed and said that section 24 of the Land Acquisition Act specifically forbids a court from taking into account the increase in the value of land not acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158355", "title": "'Mayor's position is too weak in the city'", "text": "It will be a year since the mayor assumed the chair for the Millennium City which is the hub of BPOs, big Corporate houses, industries, real estate, malls, but tha mayor says his paltry salary of Rs 5,000 hardly motivates him to bring much change. To make matters worse, his deputies are entitled to Rs 2,500 while the councillors get Rs1,500 which is less than the minimum wages applicable in the state (Rs 4,500 for an unskilled labourer).What all projects were undertaken in the duration of nearly one year after the formation of the house?In the initial stages, the projects were shortlisted by the councillors and were sanctioned in all phases. It was kept in mind that work is to be sanctioned in all wards by avoiding partial development. Moreover, the focus was on the civil works including construction of roads, laying of sewerage lines, drains in the low-lying areas and the villages. In most of the areas, ready mixed concrete (RMC) roads have been constructed to ensure longevity. After the formation of the house, the projects worth Rs 200 crore have been sanctioned out of which only the work of around Rs 120 crore is going on in the city.What do you feel about your position and powers as the mayor to be effective in the city?Unlike Delhi, the position and the powers of the mayor are too weak in the city and that is the point which the MLAs have to raise. If the mayor or the house would have had some powers it would have made it easy for us to have proper functioning, governance and administration of the corporation. It is the finance committee that has the power to sanction projects of Rs 400-500 crore.How would you go about the long-pending issues of property tax in the city which was promised by all councillors during the elections?There are more than 60,000 objections for the property tax and to resolve them, four zones have been divided under \"assessment of various tax and fees committee\" with five councillors in each zone which would carry out a survey to justify the tax. Open \"darbars\" would be organized where people can raise their objections to the tax according to which the property tax issue would be sorted out.How much hindrance do you feel as an MP's mayor instead of being a CM's mayor?I don't think it would have made much of a difference if I had been a CM's mayor. It takes time for a system to work properly. Moreover, my vision is to have a better city and better functioning of the MCG.What are the major infrastructure projects you are working on for the city?Other than the projects sanctioned in the House, I am involved in the construction of flyovers at the busy intersections like Mahavir Chowk, near Sector 17 and IIFCO Chowk for which the lands are being identified by the engineering wing and the estimates are being prepared. The development of multi-level parking is also being planned at various locations like Kaman Sarai and other available MCG lands.According to the Municipal Act what is the salary drawn by councillors?I, as a mayor am paid Rs 5,000 per month and the senior deputy mayor gets Rs 2,500. The deputy mayor and the councillors are paid Rs 1,500.Do you think that the infighting between the executive wing and councillors has crippled the functioning of the corporation?Do you face resistance from the councillors within the House or the MCG officials?Initially, there was a lot of resistance and wrangling among the executive wing and the councillors which slowed down the pace of the development work and half of the time in the house meetings went on blaming each other.However, the situation is far better and the executive wing is also accountable to the mayor and his deputies.In every department there is some resistance within the team but that does not mean that we have deviated from our main objective. We still are concentrating on the betterment of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158648", "title": "Chembur residents move court for road widening", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up with having to wade through traffic, Chembur residents have filed a petition in the Bombay high court for the widening of an arterial road. According to members of the Chembur Citizens' Forum, in the evenings it is almost impossible to walk on the Ramkrishna Chemburkar (RC) Marg, which connects to Mahul and Ghatkopar, because of the presence of illegal shops and hawkers, and also due to the ongoing monorail work. The petition says that all this has led to severe constriction in the road's breadth, severely affecting vehicular traffic. \"On certain occasions, it takes more than 30 minutes to travel half a kilometre on the road. In the event of an emergency, a fire brigade vehicle or an ambulance will be substantially delayed,\" the petition states. The petition states that while vehicular traffic and pedestrians are increasing by the day, no steps have been taken by the authorities to widen the road despite pleas pending with the BMC. Also, with work on the Santacruz-Chembur double-decker flyover making fast progress, soon residents of Santacruz and the western suburbs would be able to enter Chembur after a 20-minute drive, thus adding to RC Marg's load. Therefore, the petition says, it is essential that roads in Chembur, especially arterial roads, be widened. \"It is difficult for vehicles to pass and pedestrians to walk on this (RC) road,\" the forum's advocate told a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on May 10, 2012, while seeking a hearing date. The matter will be heard after the court's vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13158504", "title": "Spot-fixing: Shalabh cries foul, says the sting was a trap", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shalabh Srivastava says he was sitting in his Lucknow home, playing with his two-year-old daughter, when the world around him exploded.\"I didn't know what was happening,\" he said the morning after a sting operation showed the Team Punjab player as a willing party to spot-fixing offers.\"This is a trap,\" Shalabh, a fast bowler from UP, told TOI. \"Ask them to show the video clip in which I am demanding money or I am bowling no-balls. They have just put my photograph and played some telephone recordings which have been heavily edited,\" he explained.Shalabh, who has been at home for over a month now due to a knee injury, said \"these people\" had first got in touch with him a year ago, just after IPL 4.\"They said they were a sports management company and wanted to handle my account. I met them maybe four times, and we just spoke about how to take it forward. They explained that they had other players on their rolls too and finally signed me up for Rs 18 lakh per annum. They were supposed to pay me a further Rs 10 lakh as signing bonus, but that didn't materialize for a long time,\" he said.\"We did talk about money, which is only natural, but they have edited it in such a way that it distorts the entire picture. After that we started talking on the telephone, where they were more intent on provoking me, putting words in my mouth by talking about spot-fixing, how other players were getting black money etc. That's when I got a little wary. I stopped taking their calls but they would call me from other numbers and insist that I come to Delhi to take the signing amount,\" Shalabh detailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13160505", "title": "Unaided schools: recognition must", "text": "BANGALORE: According to a circular by the commissioner of public instruction , all unaided schools having any classes from Standard I to VIII have to get government recognition . All schools should apply to the Block Education Officer (BEO) concerned. A copy of the form is available on www.schooleducation .kar.nic.in.There's also an online registration facility. Feedback can be sent through the site and after taking it into account, the portal will be available from May 25.The circular also states that if a school fails to apply for recognition, action will be taken under Section 18(5) of the Act which states that any person who runs a school without obtaining certificate of recognition is liable to a fine up to Rs 1 lakh and in case of continuing contraventions, a fine of Rs 10,000 for each subsequent day. The application can be filed offline too.The department has also informed school managements that parents seeking admission under Section 12(1)( c) of the Act can apply to schools through admission forms available in Block Education Officer's office, Deputy Director of Public Instruction and also in all schools. The form, which is free of cost, is also available on www.schooleducation .kar.nic.in. BEO's notification is available in the respective zilla panchayat website. In case of any problem, parents can approach the jurisdictional BEO, the grievance redressal authority under RTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157974", "title": "Crackdown on bikers: Police Control Room staff to pitch in", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you drive a two-wheeler, beware of pulling stunts at night. In an effort tocurb the number of violations by two-wheeler drivers in the city, traffic cops will be assisted by 50 PCR vans at night. These vans will help flag down defaulters and prosecute them between 9-11pm every night.\"The PCR staff will target all two-wheelers committing traffic violations and stop them. Traffic police officers will prosecute the offenders. We will be focusing on all violations committed by two-wheelers and come down heavily on them,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.While 20 such vehicles will be posted in the New Delhi area, 20 have been deployed for trans-Yamuna areas in east and northeast Delhi. Five PCR vans will be posted around AIIMS and five others in Dhaula Kuan area, said cops. The PCR staff will assist traffic cops in mobility and also in placing barricades to stop offending two-wheelers.\"The idea is to deter two-wheeler drivers from committing violations at night, when they usually feel like they have free rein. At night, triple riding, driving without helmets and speeding are common offences,\" said a senior traffic cop.Meanwhile, police personnel will also be posted between 10pm-2am on Friday, Saturday and Sunday at India Gate. \"We will deploy four teams around India Gate during the weekend and also one additional surprise day during the week from 10pm till 2am. This will check unruly behaviour observed generally near India Gate at night,\" said JCP Garg.On Sunday, 86 bikers were prosecuted for dangerous driving and performing stunts around India Gate and 20 bikes were impounded. While 14 bikers were booked for dangerous driving, 58 were prosecuted for not wearing helmets, two for drunk driving and others for not wearing helmets and triple riding. The India Gate hexagon with its wide roads, offers the perfect setting for bikers who perform stunts, race or drive recklessly.In 2011, 662 motorcyclists died in 635 road crashes in Delhi. This accounts for over 30% victims of fatal road accidents in the city. Already, 186 motorcyclists have died in 180 accidents this year. Two-wheeler riders are second to only pedestrians as victims of road accidents, say traffic officials. They have also caused 49 deaths on city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157421", "title": "Narendra Modi to skip BJP national conclave?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speculation is rife that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi is likely to skip BJP national executive meet to be held in Mumbai on May 24-25.According to party sources said, Modi is likely to keep away from the conclave, where BJP may endorse a resolution to amend its constitution to allow a second term to Nitin Gadkari as the party president. BJP sources, however, said that senior party leaders are working on Modi to be present at the meet.If the party constitution is amended, it will pave way for Gadkari to stay in the saddle for another three years after he completes his current tenure in December, 2012.Modi has been unhappy with some of Gadkari's decisions, and has made his displeasure known to party leaders and through his actions like playing truant from party programmes.The Gujarat CM did not campaign for BJP in Uttar Pradesh polls as Gadkari had made his bete-noire Sanjay Joshi in-charge of the party's poll campaign in the state.Modi had also not attended the last national executive which was held here.Party sources say there is a communication breakdown between Gadkari and Modi for several months. Gadkari too had accepted this in an interview sometime ago.When Modi was here on May 5 for the NCTC meet, he had parried questions on whether he would be attending the Mumbai conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158840", "title": "Spurious liquor worth Rs 15Lakh seized from Pondy gang", "text": "CHENNAI: The Prohibition Enforcement Wing (PEW) police have arrested a five member gang of men smuggling spurious liquor from Puducherry and seized Rs 15 lakh worth of goods from them on Monday night.The consignment was being brought from Puducherry when police stumbled upon it during a routine vehicle check on the Maduravoyal by-pass on Monday night.Investigations revealed that T Purushothaman (23) of Sennirkuppam and M Ruban (24) of Parivakkam employed at distilleries' in Valasaravakkam and Poonamallee supplied the original labels of leading brands from their company.Police said the gang was intercepted based on information provided by Prameshwaran, owner of a bar attached to a bar, who was arrested for selling illicit liquor bottles on May 1.The consignment was being brought from Puducherry when police stumbled upon it during a routine vehicle check on Maduravoyal by-pass on Monday night", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158687", "title": "Tainted cop\u2019s constable pal lent bike to Vijay Palande\u2019s aide", "text": "MUMBAI: Just like suspended inspector Sanjay Shinde gave his car to double murder accused Vijay Palande, his sidekick, constable Amol Deshpande, gave his bike to Palande's aide Jagdish Shejwal alias Dhananjay Shinde. The crime branch has seized the bike.Shejwal, an accused in a murder in Borivli in 1999, was convicted but jumped parole in 2010. With Palande's help, he created his new identity and became Dhananjay Shinde. He even procured a fake passport in Dhananjay Shinde's name.Shejwal was using Deshpande's bike since the last six months and they were close friends, said an officer. The police stated that the bike's document is in Deshpande's name but Shejwal claimed that he had purchased the bike. The police are verifying the details.Palande had asked Shejwal and another accomplice, Manoj Gajkosh, to kill Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in his Oshiwara apartment on April 7. A neighbour had noticed the accused while they were committing the crime, which forced the accused to flee from the spot.The police had arrested Palande, Shejwal and Gajkosh in the case along with Palande's girlfriend, model Simran Sood.Cops found that the accused were also involved in the murder of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar. The crime branch learnt that Deshpande had visited Amboli police station with Palande when the latter was called for questioning in Kakkar's disappearance. Deshpande convinced the investigating officer not to make enquiries with Palande. Deshpande helped Palande get a flat on rent in Oberoi Springs after he vouched for his credentials .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158820", "title": "DMRC's approval sought for flyover at Jedhe chowk", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) is seeking approval from the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) regarding alignment of the flyover at the Jedhe chowk, Swargate, so that the construction does not affect the proposed second metro rail route between Pimpri and Swargate.MSRDC officials said the design and alignment of the flyover need to be finalised as per the approval of the DMRC, since the proposed second metro rail route is between Pimpri and Swargate. \"We would be submitting our plan to DMRC later this week. Once the approval comes in, the work would begin over the next one and half months,\" an MSRDC official said.Despite several rounds of meetings between the state government, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the MSRDC, the proposed construction of the flyover at Swargate, which is the busiest junction in the city, has been hanging fire for the last several years. The PMC had asked the MSRDC to construct the flyover and had released Rs 40 crore for the same. Last year, the two establishments had entered into a contract regarding construction of the flyover which will be along Shankarsheth road and on the Satara road stretch up to the Bibvewadi junction.Though MSRDC is seeking the approval of the DMRC for the flyover, keeping in mind the proposed second metro rail route, the proposal for the second route is not even on the agenda of either the PMC or the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. The PCMC has already taken a decision regarding a separate metro route for the township and is not in favour of the proposed second metro route. Incidentally, there has already been a major debate about the proposed first metro rail route - between Paud phata and Ramwadi - which has been proposed by the DMRC. While questions have been raised by civic activists about the feasibility and utility of this metro route, the state government is yet to approve the proposal.Meanwhile, officials said that besides the flyover, the MSRDC has a futuristic plan where the junction will have a hub for connecting all modes of transport. The hub will connect to pedestrian subways, bus rapid transit system route, bus terminals with a provision for integrating it with future modes of transport such as the metro rail and monorail. The hub, called the inter-modal transit centre, will house commercial buildings as well. tnnMSRDC has already invited global bids for appointing consultants for conducting feasibility studies and preparation of a detailed project report for the IMTC building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157072", "title": "Railways pandering to catering mafia: Palamau MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after Palamau MP representing the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) party - Kameshwar Baitha - fell ill along with seven other passengers travelling on the 12240 Ranchi Rajdhani from the capital after consuming dinner, he was forced to fly from Jharkhand and get himself admitted at the RML Hospital in the capital after his condition reportedly turned for the worse. The doctors at the RML Hospital who are treating him and concerned railway officers who visited him both at Dhanbad and Delhi claimed that he was stable.However, talking to the media, Baitha said that he was suffering as the railways were increasingly putting the common man at the mercy of the catering mafia. \"There are only a couple of contractors who are providing stale food to us. We are left at their mercy even as railways remain the most cash strapped organization under the union government. How else can one explain the Varanasi based food contractor supplying food in a train from Delhi to Ranchi?''Northern Railways said that they are putting special importance to the food poisoning incident. \"The CPRO of Northern railway along with CCM (catering) had visited Baitha at hospital and assured that proper action was being taken. We have sent the food samples for testing at the Heritage hospital in dElhi and the result will come on Wednesday. Another sample has been sent to Lucknow for analysis and we expect its results to reach us in the next eight days. We have already show caused the catering agency - Ambuj Caterers of Varanasi - and fined them Rs 2.5 lakh. If need be, we might even file a FIR,'' said a spokesperson.Earlier, passengers travelling on at least four coaches of the train, H-1 from AC 1 class, A-1 and A-2 of the second AC class and B-7 of the third AC class complained of stomach pain after consuming their dinner. Sources said that most of the passengers who had the vegetarian thali complained of sickness suggesting that the Paneer served at night could have been of inferior quality or cooked defectively.The dinner comprising rice, bread, mixed vegetable and paneer, soup and ice cream for vegetarian passengers was served just before the train reached Kanpur Central around 9.30 pm. Passengers began complaining soon after forcing the train to stop for over an hour at the Mughalsarai junction. While six railway doctors attended to passengers at Mughalsarai, it was Western Railway doctor, Dr S Dayal, who provided on board relief to the affected passengers in the intervening hours between Kanpur and Mughalsarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13158642", "title": "Marginal farmer paves green path", "text": "Kendrapada: The selfless endeavour of single person has resulted in the resurrection of green cover in a few Kendrapada villages. Even migratory birds, who had once bypassed the area, are flying into it. This was possible because of Jadumani Prusti (50) of Kendrapada's Chanchunia village.Jadumani has planted trees on 10 acres of wasteland belonging to the government and others since 1990 and converted it into forests. The green cover is in Chanchunia, Thakurapatana, Gualasingh, Pandiri, Kusiapala and other neighbouring villages. He has planted a wide variety of trees like mango , \"chakunda\" and jackfruit. Jadumani's day starts early when he leaves home with a load of saplings.He has planted nearly 10,000 trees in the past 22 years. And for this, the marginal farmer has dipped into his small earnings. \"I have planted around 10,000 trees in Chanchunia, Thakurapatana, Gualasingh, Pandiri, Kusiapala and other villages. I dream of planting one lakh trees in my life. My wife and two sons also help me in planting trees,\" Jadumani said.The district horticulture department has provided him saplings of many fruit-bearing trees to help him in his mission. Jadumani has also been successful in mobilizing support from the forest department and other environmental groups at the village-level. His family and friends now help him nurture and guard the forest though initially Jadumani had started out alone. \"Trees are like my children and I protect them,\" Jadumani said.Offices, schools, religious institutions, banks of irrigation canals and roadsides are all beneficiaries of Jadumani's single-minded devotion to make his surroundings green. He also buries garbage to provide manure to trees and removes toxic waste dumped on the roadside and public places. \"Jadumani has been protecting our environment by planting trees. The authorities are also helping him in his mission,\" said P K Patnaik, the Kendrapada collector.Also, Jadumani's efforts are very unselfish. He said that he does not expect anything from planting trees as it is his small contribution to protect the environment and the Earth. Schoolchildren have also joined him in planting thousands of trees. \"Children being aware about the environment is my biggest achievement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159694", "title": "Aviation wing ceremony on May 18", "text": "NASHIK: The Combat Army Aviation Training School at Nashik Road will be awarding 'Army Aviation Wings' to 30 officers on Friday. The ceremony has been organised at the Gandhinagar airfield on May 18 at 7.30 am. TNNAccording to a spokesperson of the school, the Combat Aviation Course, serial 16, had commenced on January 2012 and was attended by 33 officers, out of which 30 have passed the training.The Combat Aviation Course is a flying training course of 18 weeks conducted at the school and is attended by officers from all arms of the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159135", "title": "AICTE suspends fresh intake of students at Rajkot college", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a drastic move the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has disallowed a degree engineering college in Rajkot, fresh student intake as it did not have Non-Agricultural (NA) permission for the land on which it had established the institute.On May 14, AICTE cancelled 360 seats of the GK Bharad engineering college in the first year of the engineering institute. The AICTE clarified that cancellation of the seats pertain to the first year only and does not amount to cancellation of the affiliation of the college to AICTE.The move will open a Pandora's box in the state where at least 10 institutes face a similar problem. This is for the first time that AICTE has acted against a degree engineering college for not procuring a NA permission from the state revenue department. In Ahmedabad, LJ college of engineering located off SG road also faces a similar problem.GK Bharad institute is established on a 12.24 acre plot, which has a school, a hostel and a canteen running. The AICTE had allowed an affiliation in 2009 to the institute.The AICTE had first issued a show cause notice on July 29 last year and issued a show cause notice in December last year. GTU vice chancellor VK Aggarwal told TOI, \"The college has been disallowed fresh student intake for the first year. Students of the subsequent years are anyways pursuing their course in the same college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13162153", "title": "Madhuri celebrates birthday with family", "text": "Madhuri Dixit-Nene has created quite a buzz ever since she came back from the US bag and baggage with hubby Sri Ram and both sons last year October.Madhuri, who's set to make a come back in Bollywood this year, is taking a brief holiday today, on her birthday and is celebrating it quietly with just her family in the US.After her marriage to Dr Sri Ram Nene, Madhuri had shifted to Denver and lived there for nine years, coming to act in \" Nach Le \" briefly. But this time the actor seems back for good. Not one for too much hulla, Sri Ram and Madhuri sneaked off to Denver to celebrate her birthday and keep the special day private. Confirming the news Madhuri's long time associate and secretary Rikku Rakeshnath said, \"Madhuri has left with her family for the US last week. She'll be celebrating her birthday with them there. As her children have their vacations these days, she didn't want to let go of the time to spend with them before they resumed school. Besides, once she's back, she too will get busy with her film and \" Jhalak Dikhla Jaa's \" shoots. Not just her b'day celebrations, Madhuri also intends catching up with her old pals in Denver. Says Rikku, \" US has, after all, been home for her for almost nine years and has made several friends there. She will be spending time with them also but her birthday will remain a low-key 'just family' affair. Madhuri will to be back to the city by the end of the month,\" informs Rikku.Madhuri has always been a private person and even before she got married, her birthdays always remained very private affairs. Guess , old habits die hard!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "13157888", "title": "Cricket flu in Moga; Harmanpreet in new avtaar", "text": "MOGA: The stands at the Gian Jyoti college playground near Moga turned ecstatic when Harmanpreet Kaur, newly-appointed vice-captain of the Indian women cricket team landed here on Tuesday.Harmanpreet, though is regular at the playground for learning the techniques of game, but when on Tuesday she reached in her new avtaar, the players were all smiles in hosting the daughter of the soil, who has made the small town proud by her no mean achievement. Harmanpreet only on Monday was named as vice captain for the upcoming tour of England.Harmanpreet, who has played 23 one-day international matches(ODIs) and 28 T20 matches has made a mark by scoring 4 half centuries in ODIs and one in T20.She has played in India in women teams, idolizes Virendar Sehwag and one day wanted to lead the Indian team and smear the opponents.\"The curious stares, sometimes interspersed with some adverse comments pointed towards me, when I used to play in school and street cricket never bothered me and the getting the pat from parents, especially my father, himself a cricket lover, gave me enough strength in mushrooming as a national player\", Harmanpreet reminisces with broad smiles on her face.Winning match against Australia in 2009 World Cup at Australia and scoring 84 runs in ODI against England in March 2010 are my biggest on field moments, says Moga resident Harmanpreet. From playing among boys to Indian women team's vice captain life has been kind to me, but for it I have sweated it out at kutcha sand grounds, said Harmanpreet.Harmanpreet started her ODI debut on March 7, 2009 against Pakistan , whereas she played her first T20 against England women team on June 11, 2009. Having already played in one ODI world and two T20 world cups, Harmanpreet looks forward to perform well in the upcoming series against England, followed by Asia and World Cup to fulfill the cherished dream of leading the national squad.\"My experiences at Australia and England has given me enough exposure to perform well in any form of the sport and I want to use this experience to mature in the game for times to come and score my first century in international match. Apart from father my mentor Kamaldish Singh Sodhi and coach Yadwinder Singh Sodhi worked hard in maturing me as a national level player,\" said Harmanpreet.A clerk with an advocate at Moga judicial courts, Harmander Singh has all praise for her sport enthusiast daughter. \"I never treated her as a daughter, but like a son and prompted her to play and only play even among the boys without bothering for gender. When I used to go out to play football , I used to get her along to play cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159025", "title": "823 new posts created in 2 medical colleges", "text": "PATNA: Bihar cabinet on Tuesday approved creation of 823 posts of teachers and non-teaching staff in two medical colleges of the state capital.While 700 posts of teachers and non-teaching staff would be created at the newly set-up medical college at Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS), 123 posts of academic staff would be created at Patna Medical College &amp; Hospital (PMCH).The new posts are being created to meet the guidelines of the Medical Council of India and also to increase the number of total annual intake of medical students in the state, cabinet coordination department's principal secretary Ravikant told newsmen after the cabinet meeting which was presided over by CM Nitish Kumar.At PMCH, 16 posts would be of professor, 23 of associate professor, 57 of assistant professor, eight of tutor, 18 of senior resident and one post of physicist. The state exchequer will bear an estimated expenditure of Rs 6.26 crore on them annually.At IGIMS, seven posts would be of professor, 13 of associate professor, 29 of assistant professor, 18 of senior resident, 15 of tutor, 33 of junior resident, one of medical superintendent, one of deputy medical superintendent, two of lady medical officers and three of nursing superintendent besides grade III and IV posts, Ravikant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13158655", "title": "Basic needs still elude STs: Census", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) communities in the state continue to be far behind the rest of the population in availing of basic facilities such as drinking water, electricity and toilets, a latest report of Census 2011 said. Further comparison between SCs and STs reveal the situation is particularly grim for the latter.The state SC, ST and general break-up report of household amenities by Directorate of Census of Operations on Tuesday said a meager 6.2% tribal households have access to drinking water source within their residential premises, compared to around 15% SC households and 31% among the general population.While the number of families getting drinking water at their residence increased (including other backward castes) and SC population in the 2001-2011 decade, it has declined for STs from 6.74% in 2001 to the current 6.2%. The percentage increased from 26.6% to 31.19% for the general population and from 11.05% to 14.82% for SCs in the corresponding period, the report said.Around 45% ST families travel more than half a km to fetch water compared to 30% among the general population and 39% SC families. Number of families who have to cover long distance for water has increased for all categories of households in 2011 compared to 2001. Percentage of such families was 36% for STs, 34% for SCs and 30% among the general category. In Kandhamal district, around 54% ST families have to travel long distance for water as per 2011 Census, compared to 35% in 2001. Only 6% tribals in the state have access to tap water compared to around 17% general people and 12% SCs.Around 15% tribal families have access to electricity compared to 35% SC and 56% general people. The percentage was 7% for tribals, 16% for SC and 38% for the general population in 2001.Just 7% ST households have access to latrine facility compared to 13% SCs and 30% general people. Around 3% STs have bathing facility compared to 7% SCs and 20% general households, the report said.Around 1.6% ST families use cooking gas compared to 4.4% SCs and 15% general families. Around 88% ST families use firewood as kitchen fuel, compared to 62% SCs and 56% general households.Seven per cent ST families and 19% SC families have access to television compared to 36% general families. Four per cent ST families stay in houses with concrete roof compared to 20% SCs and 32% general people, the report added.Of the over 96 lakh households in the state, over 56 lakh are in the general category, 17 lakh SCs and 22 lakh STs. There are 62 ST and 93 SC communities in the state.Experts said the Census findings show that inequity continues to persist, with tribal population still on the bottom of all social determinants. \"Despite all the so called affirmative actions, the inequity persists. Various social programmes specifically directed at STs and SCs should be reviewed as there is hardly any improvement in their position compared to the rest of the population,\" said Dr Almas Ali, a demographer.The Odisha department of ST/SC development and minorities and backward classes welfare receive funds from various sources such as state plan and non-plan, Central plan and centrally sponsored plan schemes of Union ministry of tribal affairs, social justice and empowerment, minority affairs besides externally assisted projects. The department had a total plan outlay of Rs 923.42 crore in addition to non-plan funds of Rs 426.64 crore in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13159854", "title": "US brewery sorry for 'Kali-Ma' beer", "text": "WASHINGTON: An American brewery company has apologized for naming a beer after Hindu goddess \"Kali\" and said it is currently scrambling to rename the product, amidst protest in the Indian parliament. The \"Kali Ma\" beer which was scheduled for launch on Monday has now been postponed till the Portland-based company - Burnside Brewing Co - finds a new name to it.\"In response to pleas from the Hindu community we have decided to postpone the limited release of \"Kalima\" our imperial wheat ale flavoured with Indian spices and Scotch-Bonnet peppers ,\" the company said in a statement posted on its Facebook page. \"It is NEVER our intention at Burnside to offend or alienate any race, creed, religion or sexual orientation . The inspiration for the beer label simply came from a favourite childhood movie in the \"Indiana Jones\" series and we were unaware that it could be offensive to anyone,\" it said.\"We are currently scrambling to re-name the beer We humbly ask people to wait just a little longer and to anyone we have offended we sincerely apologize,\" said Burnside Brewing Co.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159565", "title": "Bid to link UID with welfare schemes gathers steam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has fast-tracked the process to make Aadhaar numbers integral to the delivery of services under its social and welfare schemes.The move, aimed at ensuring efficient delivery of subsidies and checking pilferages, came after the Nandan Nilekani-led Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has already notched up an enrolment figure of about 20 crore.The Authority is mandated to provide an Aadhaar number to all 1.2 billion Indian residents. The UIDAI has also successfully run a pilot on Aadhaar-based authentication service and transfer of funds to Aadhaar-based bank accounts.The Planning Commission has directed all ministries and departments, including its own divisions, to ensure integration of Aadhaar in delivery of schemes.The move will ensure the benefits of UPA flagship schemes like ICDS, MGNREGS, scholarships, PDS, old age pension and initiatives in the health sector worth around Rs two lakh crore in the current budget reach the beneficiaries.The Plan panel also wants state governments to gear up for Aadhaar roll-out, which holds the key to plug leakages in implementation of several schemes.The Commission has also asked its state plan divisions to include Aadhaar in the Plan proposals for different states.For implementation of Aadhaar, the state governments are required to set up a single database of all beneficiaries and then link it with an Aadhaar number. As many state governments have expressed inability to set up the data base citing financial constraints, the Authority has offered help to integrate the existing database of beneficiaries into one as a way out.The circular sets the ball rolling for making Aadhaar applicable to all government schemes by end of next year. All Indian residents are expected to get Aadhaar by middle of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158741", "title": "Prove marriage to cousin is custom-barred: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A marriage between two cousins belonging to Rajasthan's Shwetambar Terapanthi Jain community has come under the Karnataka high court scanner after a Mysore family court refused to decree a divorce on the woman's plea that 'an unwritten law' of the community had barred them from tying the knot.The Mysore court had also ordered the woman to stay with her husband. She had appealed to the high court against the order.Asking the trial court to adjudicate the matter afresh within six months, a division bench of Justices NK Patil and BV Pinto asked the wife to prove that there is a law in her community prohibiting marriage between cousins.The woman has been advised to prove that such a custom prevails in her community and the marriage is contrary to provisions of Section 5 of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955.The high court refused to buy an argument by the girl's lawyer, who cited a Supreme Court judgment granting divorce to a Khatri community couple who were relatives.\"The husband and wife in the present case are Aroras (a community) who do not belong to the orthodox class of Hindus and known to be much more liberal (than Khatri community) over the prohibited degree between the two spouses,\" noted the judges.In 2008, Rakhi Shah, a resident of Mysore, filed a petition in a local family court seeking divorce. She alleged that she was married to her cousin brother, Rakesh Shah from Bangalore, against her wishes. Rakesh's mother was the elder sister of Rakhi's father.She said Rakesh had forcefully married her at a lodge in Bangalore on February 16, 2005. The wedding was later registered in Bangalore. She sought nullity of the marriage saying her community does not permit the same between cousins.Rakesh claimed Rakhi had willfully married him and she had sought divorce under pressure from her father and other family members. He also filed a petition in the family court seeking restitution of conjugal rights. He argued that marriage between cousins was permissible in their community.Rakesh told the court that Rakhi stayed with him till April 15, 2005, when her family forcibly took her back. \"She is ready to come back to me, but is acting under her family's influence,\" he contended.(Names of the parties have been changed)What the law saysSection 5(4) of Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, says a marriage may be solemnized between any two Hindus, if the parties are not in a prohibited relationship, unless the custom or usage governing each of them permits a marriage between the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158803", "title": "Housing board told to pay relief to girl hurt in roof collapse", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) to pay Rs 1 lakh as compensation to the family of a 10-year-old girl, who suffered head injuries after the roof of their TNHB apartment collapsed in the middle ofthe night in 2004.Justice K Chandru, passing orders on a petition filed by S Ramalingam, said, \"A 10-year-old girl suffering injuries and getting hospitalized can never be suitably compensated, whatever be the quantum of compensation awarded.\"In his petition, Ramalingam said that his daughter was asleep when the roof collapsed on her head. She was hospitalised for 30 days. He demanded Rs 1.5 lakh as compensation. The TNHB, while admitting that about 40 sqft of the roof did cave in, said the incident could not have caused serious injury to anyone. Describing the compensation claim as 'fanciful', the TNHB had asked the director of medical education to furnish a report indicating the treatment cost. Accordingly, the director gave a report that the treatment would have cost Rs 2,744 and the amount would be reimbursed to the family.Rejecting the submissions, Justice Chandru said the TNHB was duty-bound to maintain the building in good condition, as it rented it out to government employees. Noting that the court had awarded compensation for state's negligence, the judge said the girl and her family should be compensated for her injuries, mental agony and suffering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158420", "title": "6 NGOs dealing with child care yet to get registered", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration has drawn up a list of the total number of NGOs operating in the city, and is sending notices to the ones which are yet to register with the Women and Child Welfare Department. According to officials, as of now, 15 NGOs are functioning in the city, 13 of which are dealing with child-care and are thus subject to mandatory registration under the Juvenile Justice Act.But out of that 13, officials report that only seven have come forward to file for registration by Tuesday evening. \"Four NGOs have registered with us and their cases have been forwarded to Chandigarh for the final verification. Three applications are still under process at the district level. The rest haven't applied yet,\" said P C Meena, deputy commissioner, Gurgaon.Meena said that the six unregistered NGOs have been sent reminder notices by the administration. \"We have once again reminded and warned the NGOs which are functioning without registering. Action will be taken against those who don't sign up soon,\" he added.Despite the 2007 rule that made government registration compulsory for non-governmental bodies, especially those working with juveniles, Haryana's NGOs have operated without official sanction, apparently because the act received a late notification. \"The act was drafted in 2007 but in Haryana, the government notification on NGO registration was sent very recently in November 2011,\" said an official.According to officials of the district child welfare council, even after the 2011 notification of the aforementioned act, NGOs in Gurgaon have largely avoided signing up with the government authorities, preferring getting registered as a society or a trust, as opposed to a non-profit company. \"Most of these organizations get registered under the societies registration act, 1860. The administration is now making sure that all NGOs conform to the new norms,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157173", "title": "IPL 5: Team Delhi marches into playoffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The shadow of the IPL sting operation telecast on Monday by a TV channel was looming large as Delhi and Punjab squared up for a crucial IPL clash at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Tuesday. Even as the teams were being announced, people were talking in hushed tones about the sting and its aftermath.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsOnce play got underway, the crowd witnessed a vintage display of pace bowling, rarely witnessed at the Kotla. Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron finally fired in tandem for Team Delhi but it was the home boy Parvinder Awana, turning out for the opposing side, who stole the hearts.Finally, after the dust had settled, it were Delhi who cantered home to a five-wicket win with an over to spare to become the first team to enter the playoffs.Awana, who was Delhi's leading wicket-taker in Ranji Trophy last season with 28 scalps in six matches, almost derailed the home side's chase of 137. The 25-year-old, ignored by the Delhi IPL team, made his case on the big stage.His biggest dismissal of the day was Delhi captain Virender Sehwag, who dragged an in-cutter back onto his stumps. In his second over, Awana produced two gems to induce outside edges from Venugopal Rao (7) and Ross Taylor (0) as Delhi slipped to 37/4 in the sixth over.Awana's day though ended in anti-climax as Irfan Pathan (19 n.o., 10b, 3x4) took him for three boundaries in his last over - the 18th of the innings - to ease Delhi's passage. At the other end, Sri Lankan Mahela Jayawardene anchored the innings superbly with a well-paced unbeaten 56 off 49 balls (8x4).Earlier, both Yadav and Aaron hustled and pushed Team Punjab into a corner, from which they could never really fight back as they were restricted to 136/8.Aaron, who is coming back from a back injury after missing out on India's debacle Down Under, was the one who set the trend. The Jharkhand pacer might have been lucky to induce a tickle down the leg-side off Shaun Marsh (13) but his pace definitely ruffled up in-form Mandeep Singh.The Punjab youngster looked sparkling during his brief 12-ball 20 (5x4) but was a tad too late on the pull shot with Sehwag pulling off a diving catch.Yadav, skiddier than Aaron, then took centrestage to break the back of Punjab innings. None of the visiting batsmen were given any time to settle. The Delhi attack worked as a well-oiled unit with Irfan Pathan and Morne Morkel also keeping things nice and tight.After early setbacks, Punjab needed middle-order batsmen Azhar Mahmood and David Miller to fire. But two special fielding efforts sent back both foreign imports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157784", "title": "215 flooding spots in Mumbai identified", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has identified 215 flooding spots in the city, of which 76 are in the island city, 79 are in the western suburbs and the remaining are in the eastern suburbs.The maximum number of flooding spots are in L ward (Kurla) with 16, followed by 12 in K/West (Andheri and Vile Parle) and F/south (Wadala) wards.\"This is a tentative list of flooding spots. We are in the process of finalizing the list. There will not be much of a difference except for two or three spots more or less,\" said an official from the disaster management cell of the BMC. \"Pump operators will be functional in all flooding spots of the city. They will be in touch with the disaster management department through the monsoon,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.In a meeting held on monsoon preparedness on Tuesday, the civic body decided to set May 20 as the deadline for all ongoing work in the city.\"All the ongoing work on roads should be completed. Only work that is going on at a height of ground plus two storeys, including skywalks and monorail, can continue,\" said Mhaiskar. All other pre-monsoon work like nullah widening, desilting of nullahs and so on will have to get over by the third week of May, said officials.The civic body is also planning to install 28 weather stations in the city, in addition to the existing 35 ones. \"Currently, a lot of weather stations are atop fire stations. There are others which are in different parts of the city. Now, We have floated tenders to install more weather stations so that we get exact update of the rainfall in different areas,\" said an official.The BMC's monsoon website will be launched on June 1. Here, real-time rainfall update will be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159576", "title": "Tuna from Kerala upsets American stomachs", "text": "KOCHI: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has said that the salmonella outbreak which affected 141 people in the US from January 28 to April 20 this year was caused by tuna products from Kochi-based Moon Fishery (India) Pvt Ltd. Following this, the FDA's Indian office inspected the company's factory in Aroor on April 19.The company has so far recalled 58,000 pounds of its tuna scrape exports to the US. \"The collaborative investigative efforts of the state and local public health agencies, USFDA, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have identified frozen, raw yellow fin tuna product from India, labelled Nakaochi Scrape AA or AAA, as the likely source of the Salmonella Bareilly outbreak. A USFDA sampling of the product from Moon Fishery (India) yielded salmonella with a pattern matching the outbreak strain of Salmonella Bareilly in some samples, and Salmonella Bareilly as well as Nchanga in others,\" said FDA public affairs officer Pat El-Hinnawy in response to an emailed questionnaire from TOI.Again, in May, the FDA sampling yielded salmonella from a consignment sent by Moon Fishery (India) to the US - the salmonella strain showed patterns matching the strain whose outbreak had affected US citizens. The company is currently recalling 22-pound boxes of its tuna strips too. Moon Fishery officials claimed that they had furnished warnings on the cartons of Nakaochi Scrape which said: 'Consume after cooking'. \"The tuna spicy roll containing the scrape which was served in the restaurants was raw,\" said Dominic Sebastian, managing director of Moon Fishery who holds 75% of the shares of the company.\"The spicy rolls also contained seaweed, sushi rice, mayonnaise, chili oil and wasabi among other ingredients. So each and every other product used in the rolls poses the possibility of contamination,\" said Sundeep C Kurian, marketing manager of Moon Fishery (India).Some of the affected US citizens have filed 21 cases against California-based Moon Marine USA Corp, sources said.Sebastian clarified that Moon Marine (USA) Corporation is an independent importing company based in the US and that he doesn't own shares in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13159196", "title": "Kodaikanal to run for water", "text": "MADURAI: The Kodaikanal chapter of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) will organise a mountain marathon for water titled 'what-a-run' on June 3 in an effort to protect water bodies in the hill town.According to Sunayana Choudhry, convenor of the Kodai chapter of INTACH, there was an urgent need to create public awareness on the importance of protecting water bodies. Starting this year, they would conduct two marathons annually in Kodaikanal, namely on the first Sunday of February and June every year.High performance runners from the marathon arena will participate in the run which is scheduled to start and end at the Bendy ground of Kodai International School.The run which will begin at 6 am will take the runners through the famous spots such as Kodai's heritage buildings including Shelton, Kodai Club, old cemetery, Pambar cottage, La Providence, Rosalyn and through natural heritage areas such as Violet Lane in Bombay Shola, the 500-year-old tree, reservoirs, Old Cochin Road, golf course, Pambar stream, Coaker's walk among others.\"The run will cover a total distance of about 21 km, where the runners will be exposed to different types of water bodies that are the quintessence of Kodai's beauty,\" Choudhry added. A study by Dr Ritu Singh, a hydrologist from INTACH, had pointed out that water bodies needed bio-remedies. But funds to the tune of Rs 2,00,000 were required for water testing and to move forward with the project. Also, TERI University, Delhi had given a proposal for completing a capacity carrying study of Kodai. This study was expected to generate action plans and projects. The marathons are aimed at raising the sufficient funds and 25% of the surplus generated will be used for endurance of sports in Palani hills while the rest would be used for remedial measures of Kodai's water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13159567", "title": "\u2018Puneet acted callously\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Puneet Singla had stepped out of his car after knocking down our two-wheeler but vanished after seeing the condition of my parents. He didn't ever care to call an ambulance or a police gypsy,\" said an anguished Muskan, the daughter of the deceased couple, who was injured in the accident.Ashok Kumar and his wife Sushila Devi of Sector 40 were killed in the accident in Sector 40 on May 6.A day after the arrest of Puneet in connection with the hit-and-run accident that resulted in the death of her parents, Muskan said, \"The youth stopped for a few seconds but then quickly fled the spot. He did not do anything, just looked at me and my parents, as if to assess the damage. He was callous and heartless.\" The girl also claimed that the accused had picked up something from the spot after stepping out of the car.Puneet along with his father Surinder Singla had come to the police station in Sector 39 on May 14. On that day he did not have his specs on. Muskan had told the cops that the man who was driving the Zen involved in the accident was wearing specs and Puneet too wears specs.This revelation by Muskan has further agonized the family members of the deceased couple. They said, \"If Puneet had informed either the police or anyone else about the accident, perhaps one of the girl's parents could have been saved.\" Ashwani, brother of the deceased Ashok, said, \"Though my elder brother was declared brought dead in PGI, my sister-in-law, Sushila, succumbed to her injuries during treatment due to excessive bleeding from her head.\"Meanwhile, police sources told TOI, \"Puneet's questioning has revealed that he had told his family about the accident on the same night and had disappeared from the house fearing the wrath of the family of the accident victims.\"Puneet's involvement in the accident was 'established' after his location at the time of the accident was determined from the cell phone tower records which revealed he was in Sector 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157732", "title": "Govt to suspend subsidies for new borewells", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a serious view of the receding groundwater resources in the state, Uttar Pradesh government has said it would suspend subsidies for digging new borewells in 108 development blocks. Making the announcement on Tuesday, state minor irrigation minister Paras Nath Yadav said the decision was made on the basis of the Groundwater Assessment Report 2009 where 76 blocks in UP have been identified as \"over exploited'', while 32 have been marked as \"critical'' blocks.Yadav said: \"Spread across 34 districts of UP, the groundwater levels in these development blocks have dipped to alarming levels. To curtail this, we have decided to stop target allocation, with immediate effect, in the schemes for free boring, medium and deep borewell scheme and private deep borewells.\"At present the government provided subsidies in the range of Rs 6,000 to Rs 10,000 to land holders for digging borewells and installing pump sets. The state government's move to withdraw the incentives, however, is expected to serve as a preventive measure that will curb wastage of water and encourage people to opt for sustainable models of recharging groundwater, like rain water harvesting.\"We have also decided to send this data to different departments -- like housing, irrigation, rural development and urban development, among others -- that depend heavily on groundwater. Over the next three months, we will take inputs from them on the extant of damage and the ways to monitor and improve the situation. Eventually, this will take the shape of UP Ground Water Policy,'' Yadav said.The minister also said western UP accounted for over 70% of the critical and over exploited regions of the state, with 76 out of such 108 blocks being concentrated in this region alone. Among the worst affected areas by the imminent water crisis are Agra, Saharanpur, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Baghpat, Badaun, JP Nagar, Firozabad and Jaunpur.The 2009 assessment report also suggests groundwater exploitation in UP has risen to 72% levels, breaching the \"safe'' 70% mark. According to the Government of India mandate, \"over exploited'' areas refer to those regions where the extant at which water is drawn from the ground is higher than the amount that is being recharged. Such areas are qualified as those where the groundwater development rate (GDR) is 100% or more. Blocks where GDR is higher than 90% are identified as critical areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158119", "title": "Irrigation politics adding to Gosikhurd delay", "text": "NAGPUR: Scams in the state's irrigation sector seem to be only coming to light because rivals in the business are washing their dirty linen in public. Last week, as the state scrambled to get central funds for drought relief, CM Prithviraj Chavan (Congress) took a dig at his deputy Ajit Pawar ( NCP) over mismatch in funds spent and irrigation infrastructure created. Pawar is now the power and finance minister but held irrigation portfolio for over a decade.Like at the top, there are accusing fingers pointing at each other in Vidarbha over the ambitious Gosikhurd dam project which after starting in the 80s is yet to be given a finish date. The demand for drought relief brought out the strained relations between the two coalition partners at the state and, in Gosikhurd, it's two former friends who have now turned foes.The dam is pegged as the catalyst for Vidarbha's agriculture growth. It was even declared a national project, making it eligible for central funding. Today, it's mired in controversies as former minister of state for irrigation, Vijay Wadettiwar has taken on Mitesh Bangadiya and some other contractors working on the Gosikhurd project. In 2010, a Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation probe had highlighted many such problems but not action was taken.Now, Union minister for water resources, Pawankumar Bansal, has planned a visit to Gosikhurd on June to take stock of the situation himself.Bangadiya is contesting MLC polls from Chandrapur district on a BJP ticket while Wadettiwar is a Congress MLA from Chimur in the same district. Others named in Wadettiwar's complaints are SMS Infrastructure, which is run by Rajya Sabha BJP MP Ajay Sancheti, and M/s D Thakkar Constructions which is headed by Jigar Thakkar, a businessman from Mumbai. Wadettiwar has filed 10 complaints against Bangadiya and others with the central water commission which falls under the Union ministry of water resources.Wadetiwar and Bangadiya were known to be close aides in political circles during the former's tenure as irrigation minister. They fell apart over a year ago which coincided with Wadettiwar's campaign against Bangadiya. According to the latter, a complaint related to shoddy work in one of the canals of Gosikhurd dams by his firm relates to the time when Wadettiwar himself was the minister.As skeletons tumbled out of the cupboard, it led to central funds for the project being held up. Out of a total Rs 508 crore budgeted for the year 2011-12, only Rs 127 crore was released. \"The amount due in March was released in June,\" said a source in the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). In the previous year, almost the entire budgeted amount was received by this time.Although the delay was due to procedural reasons, the complaints also played a role. The funds were held up till the inquiry report was put up. \"The money is expected to be released soon,\" said a senior official in the Central Water Commission (CWC) who also added that it is finally the ministry' of water resources' discretion to do so.Amid this, other contractors are finding themselves in a spot. Caught in the crossfire between two bigwigs, the amount due to them has also been held up. A delegation had recently met Wadettiwar asking him to stop the complaining so that the funds are released.A large part of the Gosikhurd project covers Chimur and Wadettiwar has been pursuing his complaints at the highest level in Delhi to garner goodwill for the Congress. \"While Waddetiwar has gained from this, his campaigning has only delayed the release of funds,\" said a contractor who did not deny that work has been shoddy and accepted that works have been over billed too.Shirish Chakdradeo, of Builders' Association which is a contractors' body, said its delegation met Wadettiwar to apprise him of the small players' problems but there has been no respite.Bangadiya and Wadettiwar reject the friends-turned-foes story. \"Being from the same town (Chimur), we were just acquainted with each other,\" said Wadettiwar. \"My complaints have covered other contractors too. Even other MLAs have shot out similar letters.\"Wadettiwar wants a CBI inquiry into VIDC's affairs. Spewing fire against Bangadiya, he said, \"Many tenders have been floated before the work was ready. For example, even before a canal was built, tenders for making the sub canals were floated. The contractors are simply making money out of this.\"Bangadiya says Wadettiwar is just doing his duty as a vigilant citizen. \"As far as the defects in the canal built by my firm are concerned, the inquiry by the central water commission has proven that it was due to natural reasons. I am incurring the cost of its repairs. Moreover, the work was undertaken during Wadettiwar's tenure as minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13161483", "title": "Yahoo's new CEO faces challenges' galore", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Ross Levinsohn, executive vice president of the Americas for Yahoo, speaks at the 2011 Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco , California , US.Ross Levinsohn has watched two chief executive officers come and go since he joined Yahoo in 2010 as vice president of the Americas. As interim CEO, he'll grapple with the same challenges that plagued his predecessors.Levinsohn stepped into the CEO role this week as Scott Thompson resigned after failing to fix errors in his academic record. Thompson, whose exit also was part of a board restructuring, had joined the company in January after previous CEO Carol Bartz was fired in September.Levinsohn, who has held stints at social-networking service MySpace and search engine AltaVista, must repel challenges from Facebook and Google, which increasingly attract more users and advertising dollars. Levinsohn, known for working well with clients, can use his knowledge of media and the advertising industry to spur growth at Yahoo, said Sameet Sinha, an analyst at B. Riley &amp; Co. \"Basically, he's been around the internet or media industry for at least the last 15 years at very prominent companies,\" Sinha said. \"He's known both in New York as well as in Silicon Valley.\"Yahoo had begun to show signs of progress under Thompson, who eliminated 2,000 jobs and realigned management. In the first quarter, when Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo posted its first revenue growth in more than three years. Still, the increase was just 1 per cent, trailing Google's first-quarter sales gain of 24 per cent and Facebook's 45 per cent jump.User time While Yahoo has more than 700 million users, their average time spent on the site during March was less than two hours, 15 minutes, according to ComScore's Google sites attracted more than three hours of user time, and Facebook had more than six hours.The challenges to Yahoo's business were in place long before a proxy contest by New York-based hedge fund Third Point LLC. The investor, which sought to put its own directors on the board, was the first to flag discrepancies in Thompson's resume, a finding that led to his resignation.With Thompson's departure, the company settled with Third Point and added three of its nominees to the board. Yet Levinsohn hasn't moved beyond Thompson's larger predicament, said Colin Gillis, an analyst with BGC Partners in New York.\"The challenge is essentially similar to what was facing Scott Thompson\" he said. \"But at least there's a very clear action plan and there's no longer the divisiveness that was shaking the company.\"Insider's advantage Gillis said Levinsohn is likely to be considered for the job of permanent CEO. As a company insider, he may be seen as having advantages after his two predecessors were hired from outside the company. Bartz had led engineering-design software company Autodesk, and Thompson had served as president of EBay's PayPal unit, an online payments provider.Newly appointed board chairman, Fred Amoroso, said in a meeting with employees yesterday that he would like to see Levinsohn become permanent CEO, according to a person who was briefed on the matter, who asked not to be identified. The Wall Street Journal previously reported the remarks.Levinsohn is more prepared for the challenge than his predecessors, said Jon Miller , chief digital officer at News Corp. Levinsohn and Miller worked together at what is now Fuse Capital, a venture-capital firm.\"They finally got something right; the last two hires in particular never had any relationship to how Yahoo gets all of its money and all of its engagement,\" Miller said. \"He's learned by being directly involved in the industry for a long time, getting an intuitive feel for what works and doesn't work.\" How companies work Levinsohn proved himself at Fuse Capital to be capable of understanding how companies, large or small, need to operate, said Roland Van der Meer, a managing director at Fuse.\"He really thinks in the larger strategic scale of what a bigger company has to do, and needs to do to take advantage of what's going on and get ahead of that curve,\" he said. \"He's tough because he knows what's right and wrong. But at the same time, he's just a regular guy.\"Prior to Fuse, he worked at Miller's employer, News Corp. In 2005, Levinsohn got a call at his desk from Chairman Rupert Murdoch , who invited him to the company's cafeteria for a spontaneous meeting, according to Travis Katz, a former executive at News Corp. Over lunch, Murdoch told Levinsohn he was planning to create a new online division and needed someone to lead it.Levinsohn jumped at the chance to talk about how a bold new approach was needed, Katz said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160348", "title": "TJAC still undecided on Parkal candidate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Serious differences have cropped up within the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC) after a section insisted on the steering committee passing a resolution extending unanimous support to the Telangana Rashtra Samithi in the Parkal by-election , even as a majority of the officebearers cautioned them against taking sides.With consensus evading the meeting on whom to support in Parkal by-election despite a fiveand-half hour marathon TJAC steering committee meeting on Tuesday, it was decided to constitute a field-level team to gather public opinion in the Parkal constituency.Addressing newspersons after the meeting, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram said they would meet after the conclusion of the field-level survey in Parkal. \"We will make public our decision on whom to support only after discussing it thoroughly once again,\" he said and added that most of them favoured a consensus candidate.TJAC sources, meanwhile, said a major part of the meeting was plagued by spat involving its political affiliates, BJP and TRS. Nearly 70 affiliates who participated in the meeting were totally against supporting any single party as it could prove counter-productive to the movement. A majority of them expressed reservations against the unilateral approach of some of the employee JAC leaders.Another important development supported by a majority of the affiliates was the decision to urge political parties to quit the political JAC soon after the byelections . \"Despite our limitations , we do not want to be dictated by any political party. We will serve notices on all the three political affiliates - BJP, TRS and CPI-ML (New Democracy) informing them about the proposals that have come up during the steering committee meeting . We want to remain apolitical ,\" the sources said.Earlier in the day, TNGO president and TJAC convenor K Swami Goud denied any rift between TRS and TJAC and clarified that TJAC would continue to play a key role in the movement by strengthening all forces striving for the formation of Telangana . \"There is no difference of opinion among any of the TJAC affiliates. We will continue to perform an advisory role and cannot dictate any political party. But, at the same time, efforts are underway urging TJAC's political affiliates to put up a consensus candidate in the larger interest of the movement . We are making a sincere effort in this direction. We will take a call on how to proceed further during the steering committee meeting later in the day,\" he said.Responding to queries on the widening rift between TJAC chairman M Kodandaram and TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao, he said such statements were part of a larger conspiracy to weaken the movement. When asked whether there was pressure within TJAC to replace Kodandaram with Goud, he dismissed them as rumours. Meanwhile, both TRS and BJP have reportedly finalized their respective candidates. A formal announcement is expected in the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158431", "title": "Net tightens around BMW owner", "text": "GURGAON: While the Gurgaon police will have to produce scientific and forensic evidence to establish that Suraj Sherawat was driving the BMW car on May 5 when the accident took place, they can start proceedings against his father Devender right away. His non-cooperation itself - holding back information about the driver - could lead to imprisonment for up to three months.As per Section 133 of the Motor Vehicles Act, the owner of a vehicle, which is used in any traffic offence, is liable to reveal information regarding the name, address of the driver and his driving licence to police.Devender had not responded to the first notice from Gurgaon police. \"We can lodge a case against him under relevant sections of the Motor Vehicles Act. But our target was to get his son,\" said a senior police officer.Secondly, if police can establish that 18-year-old Suraj was driving the BMW without a licence, it would create further trouble for his businessman father. As per Section 5 of the Motor Vehicles Act, no owner or person in charge of a motor vehicle shall permit any person who does not have a valid driving licence to drive the vehicle. For this, Sherawat can be tried in a court of law and can face imprisonment of a further three months.Investigators also suspect that Rajesh does not have a valid licence and this is the reason why the Sherawats have submitted to the court that they should be allowed to get the licence. \"This is a wake-up call for all car and other vehicle owners. They must not allow anybody without a valid licence to drive any vehicle. They can also be booked,\" said Rohit Baluja, a road safety expert.He added that in case the allegations of Suraj driving the car are proved, then it would be a bigger problem for the car owner. Sources said that cases can be under sections of the Motor Vehicles Act and Indian Penal Code as this case involves death of two persons, including a pregnant woman.Baluja said that all accident cases should be investigated like crime cases to establish the actual reasons behind the accident.\"I doubt if police have any scientific data or proof that the BMW was speeding at 150kmph. There was no speed gun or any equipment to record this. We need to have sound crash investigation,\" he added.According to Section 304-A of IPC, for causing death by negligence, one shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. Similarly, Section 338 deals with causing grievous hurt by endangering the life or personal safety of others. This also has a provision of up to two years' jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157995", "title": "Spice Jet winding up operations from Nagpur?", "text": "NAGPUR: In another shocker for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, low cost airline Spice Jet may soon wind up operations from the city, sources have said. Spice Jet presently operates daily flights to Delhi and Bangalore, and is likely to discontinue flights from Nagpur from June 1.Some months back, Kingfisher Airlines had discontinued its Hyderabad and Indore flights. More recently, in a strange move, national carrier Air India had started operating a smaller aircraft on the Delhi sector instead of the 114-seat Airbus 319 aircraft.A local Spice Jet official told TOI, \"As of now there is no official communication from headquarters about shutting operations from Nagpur. However, we have been asked to stop accepting bookings for both flights from June 1 onwards. Senior officials have verbally informed us that for the next few months the airline will not operate flights on these sectors. However, it is unclear if the closing of Nagpur services would be permanent.\"However, local travel agents confirmed the development and said they have received official message from the airline to stop bookings for both destinations from June 1. This confirms the airline will wind up operations from the city soon. The exact plans are expected to be announced soon, the travel agents added.Exactly a year ago, on May 15, 2011, Spice Jet had introduced daily flights on Delhi and Bangalore sector, giving flyers another option to these destinations. Later, to cash in on the festival season rush, it started daily flights on Hyderabad sector from September 28. Recently, it had also announced plans to start Chennai and Ahmedabad flights from Nagpur in a bid to expand its domestic routes with a new fleet of Boeing 737 and Q400 turboprop aircraft from Bombardier.Spice Jet officials said, \"We operated daily flights on Hyderabad sector but discontinued them due to poor response since March. But, on the positive side, passenger traffic to Bangalore and Delhi has picked up since last few months and both flights are operating with about 75 to 80% load. This is remarkable since Indigo also operates on both sectors while Air India and Go Air have flights on Delhi sector.\"\"We are unable to understand why the management wants to wind up operations from here in spite of a good response from passengers,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13157874", "title": "Suspicious visitor turns out to be ex-sarpanch", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The high alert declared following alleged intrusion of two turbaned persons inside Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve on Monday has reportedly turned out to be a false alarm. The accused identified as Kamaljeet Singh and his aide was picked up during wee hours of Tuesday from Wahangaon village in Chimur tehsil. Forest officials had detained him on Tuesday for questioning.He was detained aty the TAAR Primary investigations have revealed that Kamaljeet is ex-sarpanch of Wahangaon and had no malicious intension in visiting TATR.Panic button was pressed and high alert was declared in TATR and nearby areas after some NGO activists visiting tiger reserve filed a complaint claiming suspicious movement of two bike-borne turbaned persons in Pandharpauni area on Monday morning. Kamaljeet had sought entry into TATR with his in-law Bhupendra Singh to visit Vitthal Masram in Palasgaon inside the tiger reserve in the afternoon.However, a tourist connected to an NGO intercepted them in Pandharpauni area. He first complained to the local forest guard, who in turn searched Kamaljeet and his aide, but couldn't find anything suspicious. Later the guard called the Khatoda gate and asked whether Kamaljeet has been authorized to enter the tiger reserve. After the gate keeper confirmed Kamaljeet having registered his name as visitor, he allowed him to leave. The accused duo exited the tiger reserve from Navegaon gate. Not satisfied, the complainant tourist filed a complaint at Moharli gate, while leaving the tiger reserve.Senior forest officers, who are taking no risk since Palasgaon tiger poaching incident, moved into action on receipt of the complaint. Immediately an alert was declared and search operations were launched to trace Kamaljeet and his aide with the help of police. Forest officials took the statements of complainant tourist and the forest guard who interacted with Kamaljeet. Even the entire Pandharpauni area was searched for jaw traps suspecting the move as poaching attempt during the night. By late night, whereabouts of Kamaljeet was traced to Wahangaon falling under Shegaon police station.A team of foresters from TATR picked Kamaljeet Singh and his aide, reportedly identified as Bhupendra Singh, and took them into their custody during wee hours of Tuesday. It is learnt that Kamaljeet Singh is ex-sarpanch and ex-president of tanta mukti samiti of village and has close connections with local MLA. However, he had been reported to be involved in some forest related crimes few years back.CCF of TATR Vinaykumar Sinha and other officials could not be reached on phone for their comment on matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158785", "title": "Siddha institute in a fix", "text": "The future of the National Institute of Siddha (NIS) in Tambaram is in jeopardy. Granted `18 crore by the Union ministry of health and family welfare for a 100-bed building, it cannot begin construction due to a ban on expansion of the premises. The ban was imposed by the National Monuments Authority (NMA) after the 14.8-acre premier institute of Indian medicine was declared a protected monument by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in 2010 due to the presence of many megalithic burial sites, most of them around 3,000 years old.Under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Amendment Act, 2010, no construction or repair work of existing structures is allowed within 100 metres of a monument. This is a \"prohibited area\" while the area within 200 metres of the prohibited area is a 'regulated area' where repair or alteration can be done with NMA approval.But the institute badly needs to expand. Presently, 180 inpatients are crammed into the space designed for 150. \"Because of the ban on expansion, we are unable to construct additional buildings to house the extra beds,\" NIS sources said. Everyday on an average, 1,200 outpatients come to the institute. On Fridays, the number goes up to 1,800.Last year, the NIS sought NMA permission to construct new buildings on the ground that it was in public interest. Repeated meetings were held between the NMA board members and NIS officials in New Delhi. On March 5, a four-member NMA team came to the city, where during a meeting, they were told by NIS officials about the urgent need for expansion. A decision in the matter is pending.Separately, some ASI officials feel it would be difficult to get a nod from the NMA because it would violate the Act and also be in breach of a few Supreme Court orders clearly prohibiting any activity on, or within 100 metres of, a protected monument site. \"Recently, the NMA gave its approval for work on the Chennai metro rail project near the Dr Ambedkar Law College, which houses a protected monument, because the actual work is being done beyond a 200-metre radius of the monument. In this case, the NIS campus is itself a protected monument,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13158153", "title": "South Goa planning and development authority meet to focus on market hygiene", "text": "MARGAO: Demands for better cleanliness and hygienic conditions at the South Goa planning and development authority's (SGPDA) wholesale and retail market complexes in Margao will be taken up at the SGPDA board meeting to be held on Thursday.Last week, petitioner Savio Dias threatened to file a contempt petition within 15 days if the conditions at both the markets were not improved. In the first week of February, the high court of Bombay at Goa disposed the petition filed against the SGPDA following its affidavit listing the measures taken to ensure cleanliness and maintenance of the two market complexes at Margao, where they had promised both the markets would be monitored on a daily basis.As the petitioner (Dias) had also expressed satisfaction over the measures outlined by the SGPDA, the court disposed the petition while giving direction to ensure hygienic conditions in the markets. \"Despite the treatment plant, waste water from the wholesale fish market is flowing in the agricultural market without any treatment and the stink of the market continues to be a nuisance and a health hazard to the residents,\" said Dias, who has contacted Cuncolim MLA Rajan Naik and chairman of SGPDA about the same.When contacted, SGPDAmember secretary Rajesh Naik said that an effluent treatment plant was commissioned by Sulabh international social service which is taking care of the disposal of daily waste generated in the wholesale fish market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159158", "title": "Kolkata airport official faces threat from within", "text": "KOLKATA: The city airport could be one of the most highly protected zones in the state, but the security measures aren't enough convince an Airports Authority of India (AAI) employee, who is facing threats from a gangster.Dipankar Ghosh, who is also the regional secretary of the Airports Authority Employees Union, has been forced to hire an armed security guard because he fears his assailants have easy access inside the airport even in daylight. Police say that the gangster Ghosh fears is absconding.\"Unable\" to track the criminal, it was police who advised Ghosh to get an armed bodyguard. Sources say that the gangster Shankar Ram - known in the underworld as Lyangra (lame) Shankar - is a frequent visitor to the airport premises. Thanks to his links, he even has easy access into the cargo terminal, retiring rooms and other core areas of airport where outsiders are restricted, say the sources.Shankar is believed to enjoy the blessings of no less than three powerful politicians. He even lives in the AAI quarters off VIP Road, say sources.The gangster, who was released from jail hardly a month and a half ago, is accused in several cases of murder, extortion and drugs. He has an old enmity with Ghosh, apparently because the AAI staffer had thwarted his attempts to muscle into the airport.Shankar has long been eyeing the airport, which is considered a treasure trove by the underworld. Hundreds of contractors work in the walled off compound and there are different ways of extortion which easily can fetch lakhs in cash every month for any racket, say sources.Airport sources say that Shankar's initial venture was foiled by Ghosh some years ago. The gangster was freed from jail about a fortnight before the election to the Airports Authority of India Employees Co-operative Credit Society Pvt Ltd on April 20.A section of local politicians belonging to the ruling party were eager to ensure that their candidates win the election. They tapped Shankar to target Ghosh, say sources. They wanted to exploit the gangster's old enmity with Ghosh.\"I am scared for my life. They had targeted me and earlier also I had to stay inside the airport for three days. I am his target once again. I am forced to hire a bodyguard,\" Ghosh told TOI.With political patronage, Shankar allegedly built a gang inside the airport, where his brother works as a Group D employee, say sources. Some AAI officials allege that the brothers and their aides run an extortion racket and tout raj inside airport premises.The gang is so audacious that they dare to threaten senior airport officials. On May 5, deputy general manager, cargo division, K L Meena filed a complaint against the gang after an official was heckled by the rogue employees. The complaint specifically named some people and said that they had threatened to plant narcotics to frame the official.An officer of Bidhannagar police acknowledged receiving the complaint and said that they were aware of the \"scores of complains against Shankar, his brother and his gang\". A senior airport official confirmed that he had received Meena's complaint and that they were also aware that Ghosh perceives a threat to his life.Shankar's brother was suspected in the shooting of a Group D employee near Gate No 2 of the airport some months ago. He was critically injured but survived. No action was taken against the accused employee. Some AAI employees suspect that Shankar and his gang inside the airport act as agents of various rackets to smuggle cannabis from the North East and electronic gadgets from South East Asian countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160187", "title": "Prohibitive fare of hi-tech heritage bus set to be slashed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The heritage corridor bus 'Heritage on Wheels' launched by APTDC in the Old City is yet to gain its due popularity. With the fare proving a deterrent , the authorities are set to slash it by making the extravagant lunch at Chowmahalla Palace optional.The bus service, which was flagged off on March 23, was aimed at high-end tourists. Running only on weekends, the tour cost per person was put at Rs 2000. However, the bus has reportedly been running with only 20-25 people while it can easily seat forty. APTDC has learnt that the fare might be too high even for those willing to splurge.\"While it is too early to comment on the initiative's success, we have received feedback that the fare is high. We are planning to revise it by making the lunch optional,\" said an APTDC spokesperson, adding that the new fare sans lunch would be Rs 770 for each foreign tourist. The fare with lunch included will remain unchanged. For Indians, the cost of the tour would be Rs 390 without lunch. Officials hope that the new fare and the vacation season should set the wheels of the bus in motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158427", "title": "'Only 13 of 75 fatal accident accused got full jail term'", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic police department has said that negligence on the part of the driver is the primary cause in most road accidents. In the wake of the recent incident of a BMW ramming an Indigo car killing two persons including a pregnant woman, the police have said that such cases are registered under Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of the IPC and are bailable, however, such serious offences must be made non-bailable.Section 304A, under which the accused in a fatal accident case is booked, attracts a maximum of up to two years' jail or fine or both. A study of 75 fatal road accident cases in Haryana in 2009, which ended in conviction, is an eye-opener.According to the study, only in 13 cases (17.33%) the accused were awarded the maximum sentence of two years' imprisonment under Section 304A. In 71 cases in which the accused were convicted on more than one count under Sections 279 (rash driving), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life), 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life) or 304A of the IPC, the sentences were ordered to run concurrently. The sentences were ordered to run one after the other only in four cases, which ideally should be the rule in view of Section 31 of the CrPC .In five cases the accused were released on probation, in three accused were sentenced 'till rising of the court', in one case the accused was sentenced to eight days which he had already undergone, while in 18 cases the accused were sentenced six months or less imprisonment, displaying a wide disparity in the quantum of sentence from one magistrate to another.Surprisingly, the driving licence of none of the accused was cancelled even after conviction. Compensation to a victim's family was ordered in only four cases out of 75 (5.33%) as per the provisions of Sub-section (3) of Section 357 of the CrPC, 1973. Moreover, the scompensations were too meagre, Rs 2,000 to one, Rs 5,000 each to two and Rs 30,000 to one family.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said there was a need for stricter punishment and higher conviction rate in fatal accident cases. \"The court generally takes a lenient view, while many times a victim's family doesn't pursue the case after reaching a compromise and getting compensation. There are also cases where witnesses have turned hostile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13159924", "title": "Kozhikode tops in higher secondary exam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district registered highest pass percentage in the state with 90.96% of the students who appeared for the higher secondary examination 2012 qualifying for higher education in the school-going category.Of the total 26,461 students who appeared for exam, 24,068 qualified for higher studies.There has also been an increase in schools in which all the students have passed the exam. Thirteen out of the total of 167 schools registered cent per cent pass compared to four last year.Schools that have registered 100% pass include St Joseph Anglo Indian GHSS, JDT HSS, MM Boys HSS, Himayathul Islam HSS, SH HSS, Shri Gujarathi Vidyalaya HSS, Hi-tech Higher Secondary School, Memunda HSS, Viliappalli Calicut School for Handicapped, Kulathur Sree Narayana HSS, Vatakara, Vanereni EM HSS Feroke and Chinmaya Vidyalaya HSS, Nellikode.In the technical school category the district registered 94.07% pass with 111 out of the 118 students who appeared for the exam qualifying for higher education. Pass percentage in the open school category is 55% with 6,592 students out of the 11,982 qualifying for higher education.In the vocational higher secondary school category the district registered 83.6% pass with 1,866 students emerging eligible for higher education.In Malappuram, 41,778 students became eligible for higher studies. Among the 37,291 students registered under the school-going category (regular), 37,071 students appeared for examination and 32,991 students have qualified for higher studies. Pass percentage in this category is 88.99.Under the technical higher secondary school category, 426 students appeared for examination and 403 students qualified for higher studies. Pass percentage in this category is 94.6. In open school category 16,484 students registered for the examination and 16,219 students appeared. 8,384 students are qualified for higher studies in this category. The pass percentage is 51.69.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13158179", "title": "Oil tanker transports drinking water in drought-hit tribal hamlet in Thane", "text": "THANE: The district administration on Monday used an 'edible' oil tanker to transport water to a parched tribal hamlet in Shahapur.The tanker is said to have emptied over 5,000 litres of water in their age-old well at Ovlyachapada, 80 km from here, heightening fears among the 500-odd villagers here about the consequences of drinking the oil-contaminated water. Most tanker contractors are unwilling to do the uphill trek here.\"The water is no longer potable due to the layer of oil. We do not want to give it to our cattle as it could lead to disastrous consequences,'' a local, Dashrath Kamlu Mange, told TOI over the phone on Tuesday.He said the tanker was sent to their village by the district administration hours before the arrival of state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil. The minister, on a visit of drought-affected villages in Thane district, was to inspect drinking water wells at Ovlyachapada.\"We noticed the oil in the well and promptly complained about it to the minister, but it was of no help. He merely instructed officials to check out the veracity of our complaint. We told him that the well has been rendered useless but to no effect,'' Mange claimed.Some youths drained out the contaminated water with pots and buckets. \"We had to clean it up as this is the only drinking water well here,\" Mange said.The village has been gifted three 5,000-litre water storage tanks after the minister's visit. \"The tanker water will now be dropped into the tanks instead of the well,\" he said.Vikhe-Patil said he had told the district administration to look into the complaints. \"There is a fear of contamination as the well has not been in use for long and purity levels of the transported water also need to be verified. It was painful to see young girls using all their strength to pull out the buckets of water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13159372", "title": "'Biennale not a venue to sell works of art'", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kochi-Muziris Biennale will help provide Kochi a route on the international art map. The biennale is not a venue to sell works of art, but something that will create an independent venue for artists to present their works, said Riyas Komu, one of the organizers of the biennale, at a debate at Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy here on Tuesday.Bose Krishnamachari, the other organizer, was also present. Artist Shajan Nellayi was the mediator at the debate organized by the Trichur Cultural Forum.Riyas Komu said in many countries biennale was held based on some major issuein that country. In South Africa, the biennale was based on apartheid. In Sri Lanka, it was started after the collapse of the LTTE, and in Berlin it was based on the collapse of the Berlin Wall. \"In Kochi, we are starting it with the cosmopolitan history of Muziris.\" No such biennale has ever been held in India, that is why issues have been cropping up overthe Kochi Biennale, Riyas Komu said. In 2005, there was an effort to conduct a biennale, but that did not materialize.At the cultural extravaganza in Kochi, 80 artists from 20 countries will participate. Of them, 65 have been invited, he added. The Kochi Biennale will last three months, and will be held at various venues in Kochi from 12 December 2012. On the minimal representation of Kerala artists in the Biennale trust, he said of the 80 artists who will participate, 20% would be from Kerala. \"The first biennale will be based on the theme, 'reactionary' works. But, sadly artists in Kerala do not belong to that genre. They do not react to socio-political situations in Kerala through their works,\" Komu said. He said Ai Weiwei, one of China's best known artists who was under arrest, had expressed interest in presenting his works at the Kochi Biennale. Defending the funding from cultural and private organizations to conduct the programme, he said, the biennale was not to privatize art. \"It is a convergence of artists\".Mediator Shajan asked why the government was funding the programme on a large-scale, while public institutions like the Lalithakala Academy were languishing on account of lack of infrastructure facilities. To this Komu said: \"With the Rs 5 crore the government provided us, we renovated the Durbar Hall. We will be handing over a new state-of-the-art Durbar Hall. to the Lalithakala Academy.Such Independent programmes will give public institutions an impetus to conduct new programmes and that will prevent young artists from migratingto other states.\"Artists will have new presentation facilities like video art projects at the Kochi Biennale. We have given special projects to college students in Kerala based on the theme, 'non-violence', Komu said. He added that they would conduct the programme even without any further financial help from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157499", "title": "Madhya Pradesh-based bike racket busted with arrest of 2 youths", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have nabbed two persons, natives of Madhya Pradesh, for involvement in a couple of bike thefts in the city. These sons of farmers apparently took to crime to fund their gambling and womanizing ways.The arrests indicate that it is high time the interstate crime coordination meetings with officials of neighbouring states are revived to exchange inputs and bust more such interstate gangs. Such meetings, a regular feature till a couple of years ago, have stopped for unknown reasons.Praful Bhende and Gautam Gharade, both in their 20s, from Chhindwada, Madhya Pradesh, were trapped near Hazaripahad on Saturday evening. Police have recovered five stolen bikes from them. Head constable Ramakrishna Halbe of Gittikhadan police station said these youths had come to dispose of a stolen bike when they were nabbed.The cops said that the duo had come on a stolen bike which they were supposed to hand over to a customer for a throwaway price. \"The gang had changed the registration number of all the two-wheelers. They stole bikes by using duplicate keys,\" said the head constable.\"The duo had also been nabbed by Saunsar police in Madhya Pradesh last year while trying to dispose of a stolen bike,\" said Halbe. It was Halbe's squad comprising constable Dilip Awgan, Phandari Khonde, Deepak Zade and others who laid the trap and recovered the vehicles. The two-wheelers were recovered from Trilok Nagar in Wadi, Saunsar and also from behind a temple at Hazaripahad.Police said that a city-based gambler-cum-bike thief is thought to be the main culprit. The mastermind had gone to MP where he befriended the arrested duo. Apart from their common interest in gambling, they also shared a liking for fast life. Police said that the gambler started stealing bikes and hand them over to his MP-based partners, who disposed of the bikes at various places in MP.\"This gang stole bikes from the city, changed the number plates and took the two-wheelers to Chhindwada. There, the bikes were disposed off with bogus number plates and documents,\" said a cop. It has come to fore that two of the bikes recovered were stolen from Gajanan Society and Rathod Layout in Gittikhadan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13160563", "title": "Pot with a message in Lalbagh", "text": "BANGALORE : Sculptor John Devaraj is all set to put the Lalbagh on the world map. He is readying a 25 feet earthen terracotta pot weighing 2,000 kg at the botanical garden , which would be world's largest .Titled the 'Melting pot of culture' , Devaraj attempts to showcase Bangalore's growth . \"The city is a melting pot in itself - a cosmopolitan city where people from different regions and nationalities come together , bringing along their culture and traditions and merging it into one . The tolerance and sociability of the people of this city resembles mother nature . This pot will surpass the height of the South Korean pot , which stands at 15 feet.\"The necessity to make people aware of the depleting natural resources and the confidence that I could make it big and better is what drove me to take this up . \" he told TOI on Tuesday .The message - Save this beautiful earth for our children - will be inscribed on the pot . Organic clay will be the only material used to build it. The pot will be built over a period of one and half months , giving it sufficient time for drying and firing before its formal inauguration on August 15. The processwillbegin on May 20th and conclude on 10th July . Everyday the structure would be raised by two feet. Correspondingly , two feet of kiln would also be built.Twenty children from the Bornfree Art school will be involved in the work . School children and adults too can be a part of this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13158970", "title": "Head constable's son held with live bullet at RGIA", "text": "HYDERABAD: A retired head constable's son was arrested on Sunday while he was trying to board a Dubai-bound flight allegedly with a live bullet in his baggage.Police nabbed Jitesh Kumar, 27, a student from Lothkunta near Alwal. Jitesh was caught for possessing the bullet by CISF personnel at the passenger screening point while he was trying to board his flight at around 4.30 am on Sunday.Security personnel found a 9 mm bullet inside Jitesh's baggage and handed him over to the airport police. His father Nateshan is a retired CRPF head constable.\"During interrogation, Jitesh said that he was unaware of the bullet in his bag. We suspect that his father, while in service, might have put the bullet in the bag and forgot about it,\" RGI airport sub-inspector (SI) K Mahesh said. However, police have not yet booked a case against Jitesh and refused to give any details about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13158950", "title": "UP Provincial Police Association welcomes stay on Limited Competitive Examination", "text": "VARANASI: The UP Provincial Police Association (UPPPA) on Tuesday welcomed the decision of the Cuttack bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) that imposed a stay on the Indian Police Services Limited Competitive Examination (LCE) 2012 on Monday. The LCE was scheduled on May 20.The UPPPA president Yugal Kishore said that the association had also taken shelter of Allahabad High Court against the introduction of LCE and the next hearing on the writ petition was scheduled on May 17. He said that apart from the UP the officers and associations of provincial police services of many other states including Odissa had filed their batch of petitions in respective court praying to quash the examination, which was introduced by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) this year.Its worth mentioning here that the officers of UP's provincial police service (PPS) hade lined up against an amendment in the Indian Police Service rules, which will throw open the IPS cadre through a limited competitive examination (LCE). The PPS officials decided to challenge the LCE due to the provisions like age limit of 35 years and a five-year work experience to tap officers not just from state police services but also from the Army and paramilitary forces.Yugal Kishore said that the association has challenged the IPS (Recruitment) Amendment Rules, 2011 in the Allahabad high court as a large number of police officers from the state would be affected by it. He said that so far the provincial police service officers are getting direct promotion to the IPS cadre and in fact, nearly one-third of the IPS cadre posts are filled by the state cadre officers. But, a committee headed by retired IPS officer Kamal Kumar suggested recruitment through competitive examinations. He claimed that not only officers of provincial police services are against LCE but even the paramilitary forces and army do not agree for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159388", "title": "13 Ernakulam schools secure 100% pass in Higher Secondary Examination 2012", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam district has performed well in the Higher Secondary Examination 2012, securing the second highest pass percentage in the state. It also stands second in the grade statistics with 372 full A+.Of the 27,516 who appeared for the exam, 24,998 have become eligible for higher studies. One hundred and eighty one schools in the district have secured 90.85 pass percentage. Of the 455 who appeared for the technical exams, 426 have become eligible for higher studies (93.6%). In the open school category, of the 5,512 who wrote the exam, 2,956 passed (53.63%).While 13 schools in the district secured 100% pass, only two schools in city limits recorded full pass.Fr Paulose, principal, Sacred Hearts HSS, Thevara says, \"We are overjoyed at the results. This showcases the unity and solidarity of the management, teachers and the student community here.\"While last year Sacred Hearts lost out on the cent percentile due to technical errors with the allocation of grace marks, this year the number of full A+ has decreased from 35 to 30.Rajagiri HSS secured 100% pass for the second consecutive year. And the number of full A+ holders at this school rose (from four) to 11 this year.In the city, St Teresa's Convent Girls HSS secured the highest number (35) of A+; it had 46 A+ last year, however. The school has 98.3 pass percentage.\"We wish we had secured 100% pass, but we are happy we have 100% pass in the science stream,\" said Annakutty, headmistress, St Teresa's CGHSS.The other prominent girls' school in the city, Govt Girls Higher Secondary School, has increased its pass percentage from 92 to 96.53, with six full A+.St Antony's, Kacheripady secured a pass percentage of 97.3 with three full A+; St Albert's School secured 95%. SRV Boys School secured an overall 89.94%, but has no full A+ holders.For many students, English language proved the hurdle in securing full A+; they had to be satisfied with five A+, and one A.\"Many of the students from whom we had expected full A+, ended up with 5 A+ and 1 A. This is indeed sad. Many parents are planning to send their wards' English paper for revaluation,\" said Prathisha, principal, Govt GHSS.Many people had also found it baffling that though there was a decrease in the number of full A+ holders this year, the pass percentage had gone up.Schools with 100% pass include: Govt Girls HSS, Aluva, SNDP HSS, Udayamperur, SNDP HSS, Muvattupuzha, Sacred Heart HSS, Thevara, St Augustine's CGHSS, Kothamangalam, Rajagiri HSS, Kalamassery, Nirmala EM HSS, Muvattupuzha, Nirmala EM HSS, Aluva, Mary Matha EM HSS, Thrikkakara, St Anne's HSS, Eloor, Bapuji EM HSS, Koothattukulam, Infant Jesus HSSS, Vazhakulam, Muvattupuzha, Vidhyadhiraja Vidhyabhavan HSS, Aluva and St Clare Oral School for the Deaf, Manickyamangalam, Kalady.Regular schoolsAppeared: 27,516Eligible for higher studies: 24,998Pass percentage: 90.85Technical schoolsAppeared: 455Eligible for higher studies: 426Pass percentage: 93.63Open schoolsAppeared: 5,512Eligible for higher studies: 2,956Pass percentage: 53.63", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160144", "title": "Four information commissioners take oath", "text": "HYDERABAD: The four information commissioners on whom a consensus was reached by the chief minister and governor finally took oath on Tuesday evening at Jubilee Hall, Public Gardens. The new commissioners are C Madhukar Raj, S Prabhakar Reddy, M Ratan and P Vijayababu.The event was a low key affair with no political representation . Chief Information Commissioner Jannat Hussain administered the oath ceremony on behalf the governor ESL Narasimhan. The new information commissioners will now undergo a two-week familiarization programme at the Centre for Good Governance after which they will start work in the commission. They are expected to hear pending cases from June-end .Information commissioner posts are on par with the rank of chief secretary and they will hold office for the next five years or till they attain the age of 65 years, whichever is earlier. While Madhukar Raj is an ex-IFS officer, Prabhakar Reddy and Ratan are ex-IPS officers. Vijayababu is a former journalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161398", "title": "Taz is ready to unleash Desi &amp; U Know It", "text": "Stereo Nation's Taz is ready to un-leash his new album. He is a British born pop icon, singer songwriter, and multi platinum selling artist. And now he is Britain's Bollywood music director. He is all set to release new album 'Desi &amp; U Know It'.The album is a culmination of Taz's hard work, creativity and passion for music. JSL is also featured in the album. 'Desi &amp; U Know It' is a hard hitting Dance Club Block Buster with beats that sets your foot tapping. Sure to set party goers on fire and rock dance floors across the world.Songs in the album such as 'Jaan Aan Meree Banja', ft. JSL &amp; Urban Super Star Roach Killa has the flavour of ragga beats, amalgamated with Stereo Nations infectious and hypnotic melodies &amp; chorus supported by Taz's striking vocals.The song that certainly changes the mood of the album and that stands out, is \"Je Tu Banja Meree' which is a song totally different from the hard hitting dance numbers. This is a melodious love song about longing and self-discovery. Sung in Hindi, English &amp; Panjabi, the song sinks into a very smooth reggae rhythm, collaged with a beautiful mesmerizing classical violin echoing in our minds. The composition is sure to relax us.The album is very contemporary in style and encompasses a very soulful vocal styles and once again will set yet another milestone in Taz's's history. Diverse as always, Taz sustains the formula Stereo Nation is famous for, writing songs that are multi lingual, melodious, catchy lyrics that touch the hearts of everyday people.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13160098", "title": "Dharwad to get forest institute", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad will soon have a high-tech forest training institute. The state government has responded positively to a proposal sent by the Western Ghat Task Force and sanctioned Rs 4 crore for setting up the institute at Gungaragatti, 15 km from here.Western Ghat Task Force chairman Ananth Hegde Ashisar told TOI on Tuesday that the research and training centre will help the forestry students to take up advanced research in Western Ghats and Kappathgudda.He said both Kappatagudda and Western Ghats have been declared conservation protected areas which prohibit mining, felling of trees and destruction of flora and fauna. Taking into consideration that Bedthi and Aghanasini as bio-diversity sensitive areas, they have also been declared as conservation reserves. ``No dam or power plant can come up in these areas. Nearly 50 metres on both sides of the Shalmala river has also been declared as conserve reserve. The existing plant life will be conserved along the river.''To check sea erosion, the Western Ghat Task Force has launched a new project titled 'Karavali Hasiru Kavacha' (Coastal Green Cover).\"Earlier to prevent soil erosion, huge rocks and boulders were dumped on the sea shore. Now, 'Green wall' comprising several trees is being built. This would protect the sea bio-diversity\" he added.The task force has identified a few villages which are rich in bio-diversity. These villages are tagged as 'Hasiru Samruddhi Grama'. So far 36 such villages have been identified and installation of bio-gas plants, solar units and nurturing of medical plants have been taken up in these villages.The Village Forest Committees (VFCs) have been asked to monitor the project and help the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158719", "title": "Medicos may have used mobiles to cheat: Cops", "text": "CHENNAI: The cyber crime wing of Chennai police suspect there could have been malpractice in the final year MBBS examination held in February at the Stanley Medical College. The police have told the medical university they found that unusually long calls were made to mobile numbers the candidates suspected to have used during the exam to cheat.The Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University had withheld results of nine students and lodged a complaint with cyber crime in March after they received complaints from two final year students that nine of their classmates cheated during the exam. The students gave their names and roll numbers. A faculty member also supported the letter. \"Police have given us an interim report that suggests there could have been malpractice. We are now waiting for the final report,\" said university vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan.During the preliminary inquiry, the university found that one of the students wrote all questions on a paper and threw it out of the toilet window. A house surgeon waiting by the window dictated the answers through a friend's mobile to the nine students who used wireless headsets, the inquiry found.Cyber crime said the professor had given three mobile numbers to the police. Police told the university that during the exam there were calls lasting up to two hours from these phones. \"This leads to suspicion if the call was made to the student writing the exam by someone outside the exam hall,\" the report said. The investigations into the cases will be completed in the two weeks, officials said.Controller of examinations K Siva Sangeetha said they had appointed a committee to verify the nine papers. He said there were reasons to believe they cheated. First, the difference in scores in theory and practical exams for these students was huge. Second, the committee found that the students had used exact words and syntax from the text. In some other cases, words that sound phonetically similar, but had a different meaning or spelling were used - obesity instead of opacity, coma instead of trauma, bubella instead of rubella, calf instead of cough.Last week, the Madras high court rejected a petition from one of the students seeking declaration of his results. In his petition, S Arif Mohammed said he was surprised to see that his result had been withheld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160214", "title": "V-C of Karnataka State Open University accuses minister Ramdas of interference", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) V-C K S Rangappa on Tuesday went on the offensive, accusing medical education minister S A Ramdas of infringing the varsity's autonomy and interfering with the authority vested in the vice-chancellor, a charge denied by the minister. Ramdas countered the V-C, saying \"Rangappa lacks common sense\".Governor and chancellor H R Bhardwaj has sought Rangappa's comments tnhe controversy pertaining to paramedical courses and the charges made against him by the minister. The V-C said he would explain to the governor. This comes even as the state government has ordered a CID probe into the collaborations entered into by the varsity, and the KSOU non-teaching staff association threw its lot behind Rangappa.\"What business does he have to make a spot inspection of an institution which has entered into an MoU with the varsity? Did he consult me after he found out the alleged lapses? This is interfering with my authority,\" an angry Rangappa said. He is targeting me and has a hidden agenda, the V-C said on Tuesday.Referring to the minister's complaint to the governor, he said: \"Ramdas has contended in the letter that I didn't work transparently while getting the statues approved. What's the evidence? If the degrees awarded by the varsity are invalid, as claimed by the minister, it is better to close down the varsity.\"Rangappa asserted that the Karnataka State Open University Act is final and that he acted as per its provisions. As per Section 5 (1) (i) of the Act, the university is empowered to impact education in such branches of knowledge, vocations and professions as it may determine, and is free to enter into an MoU as well as recognize any institution for such purpose. There is no need for the varsity to seek the approval of the government, as claimed by the minister, Rangappa stated. The statues are approved by the governor. The additional solicitor general of India, too, has said that approval of any regulatory body is not required for the varsity to start technical courses, the V-C said.The row pertains to a difference in opinion between the V-C and minister, who has accused the varsity of overstepping its jurisdiction by offering paramedical courses without approval from the statutory bodies. This came after Ramdas paid a surprise visit to an institute approved by KSOU at Bangalore on May 8 and found that the institute was not functioning out of the building specified. Rangappa said: \"I've not approved any paramedical courses and approval to the Ygen Management Consulting Private Ltd, Bangalore, was accorded by my predecessor B A Viveka Rai.\" Ramdas has complained that the varsity has no sanction from the Distance Education Council. \"It is wrong. We have DEC approval till April 2013. The DEC recognizes the varsity and not the courses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13159684", "title": "Gogoi scion eager to lead rural poll campaign", "text": "SILCHAR: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi's son, Gaurav Gogoi, soon after joining the Congress, expressed his eagerness to lead the Congress party's campaign during the upcoming panchayat elections in the state.Talking to mediapersons at historical Khaspur, the capital of the 19th century Dimasa kingdom in Cachar district on Tuesday, 29-year-old Gaurav said it's the need of the hour to focus on rural development in Assam .Panchayat bodies are instrumental in the development of the rural community.\"I have already joined the Congress and I am eager to work for the party during the upcoming rural elections in the state. Congress, over the years, has done a lot for the rural economy. When the Congress government led by Tarun Gogoi came to power in the state, the rate of GDP was only two per cent and now it is eight per cent amid a peace atmosphere and continued progress since 2001,\" he said.Gaurav, who landed here on Tuesday on a three-day visit to Barak Valley, said setting up of large-scale industries is the answer to the burning problem of unemployment. \"However, due to adverse geographical locations, large industries are not possible in this part of the northeast. Therefore, only rural development can solve the problem of unemployment\", the young Congressman added.Gaurav said he was visiting Barak Valley as part of his programme to \"know Assam\". He will be meeting with a cross-section of people and Congressmen. \"I will also meet all the Congress legislators elected from Barak Valley during my visit. I want their advice and cooperation. I'm happy that all the leaders and members of the Congress party have extended their helping hand wherever I've gone across the state,\" said Gaurav.The Gogoi scion on Tuesday visited the Khaspur palace, the sericulture project near Khaspur, the historical Kanchakanti temple at Udharband where he offered puja to Goddess Kali , Ramakrishna Mission in Silchar, district sports association and Jamia Islamia Madrassa at Topkhana near here. He later addressed Congress members at Indira Bhavan, the office of the Silchar district Congress committee.APCC secretary and spokesman Pradeep Dutta Roy welcomed Gaurav in Barak Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13160036", "title": "18 wedding halls, 3 caterers issued forms", "text": "INDORE: The commercial taxes department issued fresh forms for registration to 18 marriage halls and 3 caterers on the first day of the door-to-door campaign, which was kicked off on Monday.The department has launched the campaign against marriage halls and caterers in the city with a view to ramp up revenue of the state exchequer. The campaign will end on May 23. Direction to this effect was issued by the newly appointed commercial taxes commissioner, Amit Rathore. These are the new sectors which have been brought under the purview of taxation, effective from April 1, last year. Though the state government has increased the annual income limit to Rs 10 lakh from the beginning of the current fiscal, the department is targeting only those caterers and marriage halls that are having their annual income up to Rs 5 lakh as on 31 March, 2012.The campaign is being launched in all the three divisions falling under Indore, comprising 15 circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13159905", "title": "V-C action against Calicut University teacher flayed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Association of Calicut University Teachers (ACT) has opposed the move by the varsity to take disciplinary action against an assistant professor of the university for delivering a speech in a meeting held on the campus in connection with the nationwide strike held on February 28.The ACT office-bearers said that the university has launched disciplinary actions against K M Anil of the Malayalam department for making 'disparaging remarks against the vice-chancellor and the university'. According to them the V-C has also issued orders for a single member syndicate enquiry commission to look into the issue.ACT office-bearers said that the university registrar had served showcase notice against Anil on April 4 stating that the speech made by him was against the high court order prohibiting protests on the campus.Anil in his reply to the notice had stated that he had not made any derogatory remarks and that his speech was on the need to uphold freedom on the campus and the need to protect the values of freedom which the country had gained thorough a long and arduous struggles against colonialism and authoritarianism.They said that it is entirely inconceivable that a speech that dealt with the values of freedom, the significance of the national flag and the glorious traditions of the national freedom struggle could be construed as maligning the goodwill of the university and its V-C. The association also demanded the V-C to abandon all further proceedings in the matter.Corp for judicial probe into land dealsThe Kozhikode corporation in its council meeting on Tuesday passed a resolution seeking judicial probe into the Calicut University land scam. The resolution moved in the council by T Hassan of CPM was passed after discussions.Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said the government should oust the vice-chancellor and the nominated syndicate involved in providing around 15 acres of land to the three trusts without cross checking all the details.Councillor P Kishan Chand of Socialist Janata (Democratic) party said the civic body which had granted prime land of 75 cents to Vaikkom Muhammed Basheer Trust constituted by then education minister M A Baby do not have any right to voice against the varsity.He said the then local self-government minister Paloli Muhammed Kutty revoked the move citing that it was not possible to donate civic body land to a trust. While councillor T Sujan of CPM said that the real estate mafia is ruling the Calicut University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159687", "title": "179 estranged families to be given land in Cachar", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indo-Bangladesh fence erected to prevent illegal migrants from sneaking in from across the border has also alienated hundreds of Indian families between the zero line (actual border) and the barbed fence erected at 150 yards inside the Indian territory, in line with international norms.After more than two decades of living on the edge of the border in their own homeland and yet separated by a fence, these families finally have some hope in sight - the state government now plans to rehabilitate some of them in Cachar district inside the fence.\"A plan is being worked out to give land to the 179 families in Cachar district inside the fence so that they can start life afresh on their own land and protected by the fence like others. The same exercise will be taken up later for the remaining families in Karimganj and Dhubri districts,\" the source said.According to a government source, there are 179 such families in Cachar district, 144 in Karimganj and 125 in Dhubri. India and Bangladesh share a 4096.7-km long border, 263 km of which is in the state in these three districts.These families travel to the mainland to buy essential commodities and their children go to schools in the mainland but they are restrictive entry and exit timings for them to pass through the border gates manned by Border Security Force.The source said that in Cachar district, the gates are opened every day for one hour at 6 am and at 9 am and for two hours at 5 pm. In Karimganj, the gates are opened for one hour each at 6 am and at 9 am and for two hours each at 2 pm and 5 pm. In Dhubri, the gates are open from dawn to dusk without any interruptions.\"When there is a need in emergency cases, the gates are opened at night too by BSF authorities. Moreover, schoolchildren have no problems in going to and returning from their schools,\" the source said.The border fence work was started in 1986 following an agreement between the All Assam Students Union and the Centre in the Assam Accord signed in 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13159059", "title": "Matrix Prasad, babu arrested in Jagan case", "text": "Hyderabad: In a major development in the YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, the CBI on Tuesday night arrested industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad and IRTS officer K V Brahmananda Reddy who had earlier worked with the state's ports, investment and infrastructure wing as its special secretary.Both these persons were arrested in connection with the probe into the Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Port and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) project.In its chargesheet, the CBI has maintained that Vanpic was the beneficiary of huge land allotments by the YSR regime in return for which the company allegedly made huge investments in the companies floated by Jagan including Jagati Publications.While Prasad was charged with getting access to government land to an extent of nearly 20,000 acres in Guntur and Prakasam districts on the pretext of setting up the Vanpic port project, Brahmananda Reddy was charged with bestowing several undue concessions on this dubious port project in his capacity as special secretary to the ports, investments and infrastructure wing under the industries department of the state.The CBI has claimed that in the quid pro quo arrangement, Prasad invested as much as Rs 450 crore in Sakshi newspaper by virtue of which he has 11.7% stake in it. This investment is apart from the Rs 300 crore that Prasad allegedly pumped into other Jagan firms like Bharati Cements, Carmel Asia, etc.Popularly called 'Matrix' Prasad because of his big role in the pharmaceutical sector, the industrialist has been questioned by the CBI on several occasions before. He was last quizzed on Monday amid speculations that he would be arrested by the end of the day. However, that did not happen. But after being called twice to the CBI office on Tuesday, the arrest finally happened. After their arrest, the two were lodged for the night at the CBI office itself and will be produced before the court on Wednesday morning. According to sources, some other persons of interest in the Jagan assets case including industrialist Shyam Prasad Reddy were also questioned by the CBI on Tuesday.The CBI is of the view that the state under YSR had allegedly flouted several norms, particularly pertaining to assigned lands while ensuring the transfer of land to Vanpic project. This project was initially shown as a venture being set up by the state of Ras Al Khaimah (one of the UAE states) with the assistance of the AP government. Nimmagadda Prasad was acting as a liaison officer for the state of Ras Al Khaimah and later it became clear that it is one among the several private ventures being promoted by Prasad. Brahmananda Reddy, who worked as the MD of the AP Aviation Corporation and was charged with huge negligence in discharging his duties, was repatriated to his parent department, Indian Railways, after the CBI gave its probe report on the YSR helicopter crash that killed the former chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158249", "title": "Today, Goa will elect its grassroots leaders", "text": "PANAJI: Voting for 184 village Panchayats in Goa will begin at 8 am and end at 5 pm on Wednesday. A total of 6,376 candidates are vying for representation to 1,472 wards in Goa with a total voter population of 7,20,015.Female voters outnumber men in Goa. There are 3,61,594 female voters compared to 3,58,421 male voters in Goa. But there are more male candidates; 3,995 males compared to 2,381 female candidates in the Panchayat elections.State election commissioner M Modassir said that polling parties were leaving for their respective polling booths on Tuesday evening. \"Everything is under control and we look forward to at least 80% turnout,\" Modassir said.He said that voters will need to bring their electoral photo-identity cards (EPIC) to be able to cast their votes. But in the absence of EPIC, they can produce any of the 13 documents approved by the state election commission. These include passport, driving license, bank passbook with photograph issued before December 31, 2011, etc.Over 6,000 polling personnel on Tuesday evening left for their respective polling booths totaling 1,489 all over the state. The election authorities have identified 43 sensitive areas and nine hyper-sensitive areas in various talukas of the state. Tiswaddi taluka has 16 sensitive areas, the highest in Goa, followed by Canacona (11) and Salcete (9). Tiswaddi also has the highest number of hyper-sensitive areas (5) in Goa.From the total of 1,472 wards, 783 wards are in the general category and the others are reserved as follows; scheduled tribes (60), other backward classes (156), women (370), ST women (41) and OBC women (62).Already, 19 members, nine in North Goa and 10 in South Goa have been elected unopposed. Counting of votes will be held at 21 centres in all talukas of Goa on May 17 and 18 from 8 a.m. till counting of votes is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157803", "title": "Maharashtra initiates action against absent doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: The state public health department has started the process to declare over 150 doctors who remained absent from duty for five years as absconders and terminate them from the service.\"Over 150 doctors, despite being on government roll calls, have not reported to work for several years. I have asked health department officials to prepare a list of erring doctors and initiate action against them,\" said Suresh Shetty, public health minister.Shetty said, \"We will give advertisements in papers asking these doctors to report immediately to their postings. Departmental inquiry will be initiated against these doctors and if necessary, they will even be dismissed from the services.\"The minister has asked additional chief secretary (health) Jayant Kumar Banthia to prepare the list, said health department officials. \"The list has almost been finalized. In a couple of days, the file having complete details of the erring doctors will be tabled before the minister (Shetty) to initiate further action,\" the official added.A senior health department official said there are over 7,000 sanctioned posts of medical officers and there is a 10% shortage of doctors of the required strength. \"Suspending 150 doctors will add pressure on the existing ones. Despite this, stern action against the doctors is required or else list of such defaulters would increase in future, this affecting the public health services especially in rural areas,\" the official added.3% annual increase in blood price: Apart from the recommendation to have a uniform price of Rs 1,300 for blood bags in the country, blood banks should be allowed to increase the uniform price of blood by 3% every year, said Banthia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13159665", "title": "CM Tarun Gogoi has Barak Congress MLAs' support: Assam Pradesh Congress Committee", "text": "SILCHAR: At a time when chief minister Tarun Gogoi is reportedly facing \"challenges\" from Congress legislators, there's good news for him from Barak Valley. All the 13 MLAs belonging to Congress elected from the three districts of Barak Valley have extended their \"wholehearted support\" to Gogoi's leadership.Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC) secretary and spokesman Pradeep Dutta Roy in a release on Tuesday said not only all the 13 MLAs, but also district Congress committees, three zila parishads of Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi, all municipalities and town committees and all youth Congress bodies have full trust in and swear allegiance to Gogoi. They stand united under the guidance and directions of Gogoi and APCC president Bhubaneswar Kalita, said Dutta Roy.\"The Congressmen in Barak Valley wish to communicate to the Congress high-command in Delhi that they don't wish to see Tarun Gogoi as vice-president of the nation anytime soon. They want him to remain the chief minister of the state because it goes without saying that under his leadership the state shall progress in all spheres besides remaining secure from the Maoist threat,\" said the APCC spokesman. tnnDutta Roy said the recent upsurge in Maoist activities fostered by foreign powers in Assam needs to be confronted befittingly in order to ensure continued national integration and security and, for that, it's essential that the Tarun Gogoi-led Congress party continues to remain in office in Assam.\"The Congress in Barak Valley has already started its preparation for the upcoming panchayet elections and the party is confident that it would achieve unprecedented success in the rural polls under the leadership of Gogoi and Kalita,\" the Congress functionary added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159480", "title": "Fasal was not a CPM worker, says Karayi Rajan", "text": "KOCHI: V K Muhammed Fasal, who was allegedly killed by CPM henchmen for leaving the party to join the NDF, was not a member of the CPM and no enmity existed between the party and Fasal, according to an affidavit filed by CPM local leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan in the Kerala high court on Tuesday.The affidavit filed through senior counsel M K Damodaran stated, \"The victim was never a party worker. He never resigned from the party. He was not an active worker of the NDF. Hence, there was no enmity between the victim and the party.\"The leaders also contended that the confession by the co-accused, based on which the CBI was moving against them, was falsely created. Further, they argued that if the CBI had collected evidence against them, they wouldn't have to be summoned as witnesses. Though the CBI stated before the high court that the leaders were accused in the case, no report had been filed before the magistrate court concerned till date saying so, the affidavit said.The high court had scrutinized the case diary of the case before and no material was found against the leaders in it, the statement said.The leaders had also pointed out in the affidavit that the specific contention raised in their bail application was that the CBI would falsely create evidence against them after illegal detention.Last week, while the high court was hearing a bail plea by the leaders, it had observed that nothing prevents CBI from arresting them. Earlier, the leaders had contended that CBI shouldn't be allowed to proceed until their counter arguments are heard by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13157896", "title": "No agency owns Wadad-Paloti Road", "text": "WARDHA: Wadad-Paloti road seems to have been constructed by none of the government agencies if the replies given in response to an right to information (RTI) application is to be any indication.Lawyer Vijay Thakur has filed an RTI application on February 29 to know which authority had constructed Wadad-Paloti road. He first sought details of the estimated cost and contract given for road works from the Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojna office (PMGSY). However, the PMGSY office said it did not come under its authority. They Thakur made a query with Wardha public works department, Arvi division of PWD and zilla parishad. These offices said they had no information.When Thakur wrote to ZP engineer, he was informed that the road comes under PMGSY. The ZP engineer also wrote to PMGSY to give information to Thakur.When he filed a fresh RTI query on March 7, the PMGSY replied on March 12 and said it had no information. Thakur said he was shocked to know that not a single agency was coming forward to take responsibility of the road works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13157192", "title": "US sanctions Dawood Ibrahim's top aides Chhota Shakeel, Ibrahim Tiger Memon", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States today designated underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's two close aides as key drug traffickers and placed sanctions on them aimed at constricting their access to business and financial networks.The department of the treasury's office of Foreign Assets Control designated Chhota Shakeel and Ibrahim \" Tiger \" Memon as Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers for their roles as part of 'D Company', a criminal group run by Dawood.It said Mumbai-born 57-year-old Chhota Shakeel is Dawood's lieutenant who coordinates for D Company with \"other organized crime and terror groups.\"The department said Memon, 52, is a trusted lieutenant of Dawood and controls D Company's businesses across South Asia and is also wanted by India for his involvement in the 1993 Mumbai bombings that killed more than 250 people.\"Treasury continues to target the nexus of crime and terrorism in South Asia with today's action against one of the world's most notorious criminal organizations,\" said OFAC director Adam Szubin.Interpol has issued provisional arrest warrants or \"red notices\" for both Shakeel and Memon.Dawood was named as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist in October 2003, and in June 2006, he was named as a drug trafficker.Also in June 2006, the Dawood group was named as a Significant Foreign Narcotics Trafficker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158397", "title": "2 more suicides reported in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons committed suicide by hanging themselves on Monday night in separate incidents. One of them, 65-year-old Bhagwan Singh was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his house in Manohar Nagar, while an unidentified body of a youth was found hanging from a tree in the green belt of Sector 18.According to Singh's family, he had been depressed for the past few days. On Tuesday morning, a family member found his body and immediately informed the police. The body was kept in the custody of police for postmortem, which they handed over to the family later. The youth's body on the other hand, was discovered by a passerby who informed the police. \"The deceased appears to be around 25 years old,\" said a police official. Police have taken the body in custody and sent it for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157062", "title": "If pilots join duty, AI won\u2019t be vindictive: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not yielding from position that pilots must join duty first before any talks can happen, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has doled out an olive branch by saying, \"If pilots join duty, Air India won't be vindictive.\"With the Air India pilots strike entering its ninth day today (Wednesday), the airline has put into place a contingency plan under which it will be operating daily return services with Boeing 777-300 ER aircraft on the Delhi-Paris-New York, Delhi-Frankfurt-Chicago and Delhi-London sectors. The strike, which has come at the start of the holiday season, has affected thousands of people who have been running pillar to post for refunds and cancellations.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said that the contingency plan, in place till May 20, was the only way out as the strike was causing major losses to the airline. \"Pilots don't understand how they are denting the credibility of Air India, how they are causing the losses. If they start flying then the contingency plan is the only option,\" he said.Meanwhile, seven Air India unions wrote to the minister offering to mediate in a bid to end the strike. A joint forum of AI Service Engineers' Association, AI Aircraft Engineers' Association, AI Officers' Association, AI Cabin Crew Association, AI Employees' Union, AI Engineer's Association and Air Corporation Employee's Union have written: \"At this juncture, of total deadlock, we plead your esteemed office to be proactive and if required, we are ready to offer our services under your direction to be mediators between the Civil Aviation Ministry/Air India Management and the Indian Pilots Guild.\"The CPI (M) too jumped into the fray, blaming the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines for the continuing fiasco. Sitaram Yechuri told the centre that the two airlines were working on very different parameters and unless they were synchronized, they could not function as one unit. \"Till these differences were resolved, the two airlines should function separately but under a single holding company. Unfortunately, the government did not accept this recommendation. They made a mess of the national carrier,\" he said.Continuing with its action against AI pilots who have been reporting sick, the government said that the directorate general of civil aviation will take action against those pilots who have falsely reported sick and not resumed work. Over 200 pilots have not been reporting for duty since the past nine days in protest against the inclusion of the erstwhile Indian Airline pilots in the Boeing 787 training schedule. Ten international flights have not been operating and several more have been rescheduled. So far, 71 striking pilots have already been sacked. Doctors sent over to homes of the \"sick\" pilots reported that most of the pilots were not at home and their mobile phones were also unreachable. This included 48 of the 53 Delhi-based pilots who have been reporting sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157575", "title": "Bus service to connect Mominpura and Kamptee from May 17", "text": "NAGPUR: The wait is finally over for people residing in Mominpura and Kamptee, the two Muslim majority localities of city. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation will start city a 28-seater bus service between Mominpura and Kamptee from Thursday.\"Both the areas have many Muslims and they keep travelling from Mominpura to Kamptee and vice versa,\" said standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari. Earlier, people had to take recourse to illegal modes of transportation like six-seater autorickshaws to visit relatives and friends. As there was no other mode of transport, these rickshaws were much in demand which further encouraged their illegal operation within city, said Mominpura corporator Qamil Ansari.He said there was a long-pending demand of the residents of Mominpura and Kamptee for bus service between two areas. Ansari pointed out that the recent anti-encroachment drive in Mominpura would enable the small buses to ply on the otherwise congested roads of Mominpura. \"The green flag will be shown to buses on Thursday at 10am marking start of regular bus services,\" said Ansari.\"A similar service was started earlier but due to congested roads, it took a lot of time to reach the destination and people did not use the bus,\" said manager of private operator Vansh Nimay Mahesh Kandalkar. There will be buses every half an hour and they will make at least 28 trips daily between these two destinations, said Kandalkar. \"Depending upon the response, we may increase the number of trips,\" he added.He said the starting point of the buses would be Sitabuldi and it will reach Mominpura via railway station and then move towards Kamptee via Golibar Chowk and Kamal Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158535", "title": "Tamil Nadu government gives subsidy for Manasarovar pilgrimage", "text": "CHENNAI: Conceding a long-pending demand for government assistance to pilgrims bound for Kailash-Mansarovar in China and Muktinath in Nepal , Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday announced a partial subsidy for 500 Hindu pilgrims every year. This was also a fulfillment of an election promise, she said.She informed the assembly that the state government would bear Rs 40,000 of the total Rs 1 lakh expenses for a person to visit Mansarovar and Rs 10,000 out of Rs 25,000 for Muktinath. \"I had made a promise during the 2011 assembly polls that the government will extend the financial aid to Christians wanting to visit Jerusalem and Hindus to Mansarovar and Muktinath,\" she said.Jayalalithaa said her government would extend financial assistance to 250 pilgrims visiting Mansarovar every year and an equal number for Muktinath.She recalled that she had announced during Christmas celebrations last year that financial aid has given to 500 Christians pilgrims to Jerusalem.Vishva Hindu Parishad and other Hindu organizations welcomed the chief minister's move. Currently, the cost of the pilgrimages is prohibitive for many people, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159102", "title": "More trouble in store for encounter cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat High Court order could sound death-knell for policemen involved in alleged fake encounters, as the court has observed that the state government is not expected to defend policemen who face charges of custodial violence.Justice Anant Dave has asked the state government not to defend three cops, including district superintendent of police Subhash Trivedi, in connection with custodial torture case in Jamnagar district. \"When serious allegations of custodial torture/violence are levelled, the state government is not expected to defend or raise defence on their (cops) behalf,\" the HC observed last week during the hearing of a case filed by an alleged bootlegger, Vishal Singala, accusing Trivedi, police inspector A P Jadeja and sub inspector G N Waghela of brutally beating him in police custody.On the other hand, in cases of alleged fake encounter that are also dubbed as custodial death only, the state government has been acting desperately to defend encounter specialists.It deploys its highest legal officer - advocate general Kamal Trivedi to defend the cops with argument that any action against cops might \"demoralize\" the police force. This issue was once raised during the hearing of Ishrat Jahan encounter case, wherein the government and accused cops' defence was exactly the same.In its petition filed last month before the SC, the state government has called for a method wherein cops do not face problem in such cases. Till date, the state government has unsuccessfully defended its cops in the Ishrat Jahan and Sadiq Jamal encounter cases, and it fought hard in the SC to stop investigation in 17 encounter cases.The government's stand to defend its cops was, however, criticized by the division bench that heard the Ishrat case with observation that if the government continues to do it, prosecution would be labeled as biased. Counsel for Ishrat's mother Shamima Kauser, I H Syed, believes, \"This court order may set a tone for the critical proceedings in future. Even otherwise, the state government cannot be defending cops at the same time it is a prosecuting agency also. Ours is an independent, welfare and democratic state and it has to be neutral.\"Two encounter cases remain unprobed yet : Ganga Row Houses at Vatva and that of Ganesh Khunte and Mahendra Jadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159649", "title": "India's grape export up by nearly 60% this year", "text": "NASHIK: Export of grapes from the country has increased by 63.47% with 36,888 tonnes being exported in the 2012 grape season, as compared to that of last year. Nashik contributes around 70% of Maharashtra's total grape export.Around 2,930 containers (36,888 tonnes) have been exported from the country in the current grape season 2012 (Jan-May), against 1,814 containers (22,571 tonnes) during the last year's grape season.Around 2,930 containers have been exported from India by May 15, including 1,694 containers (21,403 tonnes) to Netherland, 744 containers (9,463 tonnes) to the UK, 176 containers (2,155 tonnes) to Sweden , 131 containers (1,617 tonnes) to Germany, 55 containers (660 tonnes) to Denmark, 50 containers (585 tonnes) to Finland , 38 containers (460 tonnes) to Norway with several other countries such as Belgium , France, Ireland and Austria and Switzerland also importing the fruit, 22 containers (264 tonnes) to Belgium, 8 containers (94 tonnes) to Ireland, 4 containers (67 tonnes) to France, 4 containers (62 tonnes) to Lithuania , 2 containers (30 tonnes) to Austria and 2 containers (23 tonnes) to Switzerland, sources from Agriculture &amp; Processed Food Products Export Development Authority ( APEDA) told TOI.Of the total export from the country in 2012, around 99% of the export was from Maharashtra. The state exported 2,915 containers (36,652 tonnes), while Andhra Pradesh exported 15 containers (197 tonnes).In the 2011 grape season, India exported around 1,814 containers (22,571 tonnes). Of which, Maharashtra had exported 1,807 containers (22,490 tonnes), while Andhra Pradesh had exported around 7 containers (81 tonnes).Nashik contributes around 70 % of Maharashtra's total grape export.In 2012, grape export from Nashik district increased by 86 %to 2,247 containers (28,000 tonnes), against 1,250 containers (15,000 tonnes) in 2011.In the current grape season 2012, the office of the district agriculture superintendent officer had registered around 15,499 vineyards with the total area of 10,600 hectares for grape export. Last grape season (2011), around 12,888 vineyards with the total area of 9,308 hectares were registered with the same office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159964", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to hold fresh survey on hoardings", "text": "INDORE: Acting tough against the illegal hoardings, the Indore Municipal Corporation so far has removed around 250 hoardings from the outskirts of the city. A fresh survey will be carried to identify illegal hoardings within the city. A separate team to act against the illegal hoardings is likely to be constituted.Revenue in charge Chandu Shinde said during the ongoing drive in the past few days, around 250 hoardings have been removed from the areas like A B Road, Pipliyaha, Ring Road, Airport Road, Rajendra Nagar, Annapurna, Maharanapratap Square and Kalani Square. He said the civic body will review the drive against illegal hoardings on Wednesday to decide the further course of action.The official said so far IMC removed illegal hoardings from the government land only and remaining hoardings on government land will be removed in the next two-three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157990", "title": "Delhi high court: Trial court needs chief justice 's nod for FIR order", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court doesn't need the sanction of the high court to hear a complaint against a sitting judicial officer, but it requires the permission of the chief justice for ordering registration of a criminal case against him, the Delhi high court has ruled.A bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg directed a trial court to go ahead with the hearing of a woman's complaint seeking the registration of a criminal case against a sitting judge for allegedly confining and molesting her. The bench, however, directed the trial judge to obtain the state chief justice's nod before giving its order.\"The Criminal Procedure Code does not mandate that the permission of this court is required first to proceed with a complaint case disclosing commission of a cognisable or non-cognisable offence,\" the HC bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158948", "title": "Bengal industries minister Partha Chatterjee allays Infosys exit fears", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems that keeping the Infosys hopes alive is the biggest challenge for the state government now. Rubbishing the talks of the IT major pulling out of the state, industries minister Partha Chatterjee said that Infosys will definitely not go and efforts are on to keep it on track.Chatterjee was talking to TOI on the sidelines of Beautiful Bengal, a session organized by St Xavier's College Alumni Association in Singapore as part of its annual international alumni meet Beyond Boundaries. on this over an exclusive chat on the industrial scene in Bengal and the road ahead, taking time off from a business session that he was attending at Singapore over the weekend. The session, Beautiful Bengal, was organized by.Chatterjee hinted at an alternative route that is being chalked out by the state government to attract Infosys investments. While within the state, a new formula is being devised to work around the SEZ issue, the state industries department is also in dialogue with the Union IT and commerce ministries for possible alternatives that will keep the interest of Infosys protected. well enough to get them excited to stay back.\"We are going to hit upon the solution soon. We are certain that Infosys will accept this because all its interests, including tax benefits, will be protected the way it would have been in case of an SEZ. We have written to the Centre and expect them to revert before the month is out soon. We will not let Infosys go and that is final,\" Chatterjee said.Whether the state will use the existing Software Technology Park of India scheme for the purpose is not very clear because with the end of the last financial year, the income tax benefits and other subsidies that IT companies enjoyed under this scheme have come to an end.The state is apparently taking the advice of Nasscom, which represents all IT and ITes companies, to work around the problem. \"We have suggested that since SEZ is a distant dream now, we can have a virtual SEZ concept for companies that are willing to invest in the state. The main reason for not going with SEZs is that people would be forced to give up their land rights. So, virtual SEZs could be planned where the infrastructural growth for the company in question could be vertical. However, such vertical growth cannot happen in an overcrowded place where roads are narrow since it will create a lot of pressure on the road and cause tremendous congestion,\" said Suparno Moitra, Nasscom chief in the east. Nasscom is also advising the state on rehabilitation and compensation packages to be offered to land losers.During his Singapore trip, the minister also met a large number of Bengal-born Singaporeans, who are interested in investing in the state.The minister revealed that a large number of IT firms from the US have submitted proposals for setting up shops in Bengal. \"The interesting bit is that while we saw IT firms from abroad only setting up BPO units in the state so far, the new investors have shown an interest in starting research outfits. Through BPOs, we will not be able to harness the IT talent in the state but we can do that through KPOs and that is where our focus lies,\" he said.Chatterjee tried to allay fears that since SEZs were out, investors would stop coming in. \"We are already working our way around the 25-acres ceiling. For food processing, manufacturing, agro based, IT and engineering companies, we have decided to raise the bar. While relaxing the land ceiling rules, we will carefully go through facts like how labour intensive the unit is and whether the focus of the firm is towards employing local skilled and unskilled hands,\" he added.(This correspondent was in Singapore on an invitation by St Xavier's College)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157918", "title": "Genco official suspended for favouring washeries", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahagenco's battle against washery operators took a dramatic turn on Monday when managing director Subrat Ratho suspended superintending engineer (coal) S M Bagde on Monday night for allegedly colluding with washery operators to allow them to prevent cashing of their bank guarantees totalling Rs 140 crore.Company sources said that in October Genco had directed Bagde, who is posted in Nagpur, to encash the bank guarantees of seven washeries- Bhatia International, Gupta Coal, Indo Unique Flames, Aryan Beneficiaries (Chandrapur), Global Minerals, Aryan Beneficiaries (Korba) and Spectrum Coal and Power- as 800 coal rakes supplied by them were found substandard. Earlier, on July 31, 2011, Genco had terminated the contract of operators.However, Bagde did not follow Ratho's directive. When Ratho received complaints regarding non-compliance of his order, he pulled up Bagde finally leading him to follow the order. The operators immediately moved the district court and obtained an ex-parte interim stay on Genco's decision. On May 3, the court in its final order vacated the stay and allowed Genco to encash the bank guarantee.When contacted Ratho told TOI, \"Not only Bagde did not follow the order for three months, he was also passing on information to washery operators.\" Mahagenco chief had opposed use of washed coal tooth and nail as it had reduced generation of power plants. A coal official said the company's top officials became suspicious when the washery operators stopped raising bills. The reason was that ash content in washed coal should not be more than 28%. If the ash content is more than 33%, the washeries have to supply the entire quantum of coal to Mahagenco free. The ash content of washed coal was found to be more than 34%.The official said the head office was investigating whether any other officer or employee too was involved in the washery case. \"In case any staffer is found guilty, strict action would be taken against him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157032", "title": "Depleting cash reserves hit Bidhan's sex-change plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Sitting in a tiny room at an unkempt lodge in Colaba, Bidhan Baruah (21) wore a worried look on Tuesday afternoon. Camping in the city for 45 days now, his fast depleting cash reserve has cast uncertainty over the surgery that would turn the Guwahati lad into a woman.\"I am now left with just 50% of the amount required for the surgery. I am not even counting the post-operative expenses,\" Bidhan told TOI. \"My appeal to all NGOs and renowned people who have undergone the same surgery, have gone unheard. I have not received help from anywhere so far,\" he said. He has been given an estimate of around Rs 3 lakh for the surgery, which may include hospitalisation and post-operative care. \"But I have only about Rs 1.40 lakh left in my bank account and the hospital understandably will ask for a deposit at the time of admission,\" he said. Besides, Bidhan has to be on life-long hormonal medication and come back for frequent follow-ups.Bidhan was all set for gender reassignment surgery when his family landed in the city from Guwahati and \"threatened\" doctors at the Saifee Hospital against going ahead with the procedure. Bidhan moved the Bombay High Court, which ruled in his favour, paving the way for the surgery, but more than a week later he says his resources have fallen short. Bidhan had landed in the city with more than Rs 2 lakh he had saved, most of it earned from his school days by giving private tuitions. \"My fiance, who is a flight lieutenant with the Indian Air Force, has also taken a loan against his provident fund to pay for the surgery,\" he said. He had hoped to make up for the rest with help from various sources. But instead of a quick surgery within days of landing in Mumbai, his resources were depleted by the court case and the resultant daily expenses in the city. He has already paid around Rs 34,000 for accommodation in the lodge and spent an additional 60,000 on litigation and lawyer fees.Bidhan even turned down police protection on Tuesday after being told about charges that come with it. \"However, police have been helping me in every way,\" said Bidhan.The Guwahati boy was simultaneously pursuing his graduation and a law degree before he left for Mumbai for a surgery he had dreamt of since his school days. Bidhan will have to undergo a breast augmentation surgery and a vaginoplasty following which he has to stay in hospital care for a fortnight. \"I am getting desperate to undergo the surgery and get done with it. I have fought with my near and dear ones just for this,\" he said. \"Besides, the lodge owners have been asking me to vacate the room every alternate day as they are scared of the constant police vigil,\" he said.Gender reassignment surgeryThe current treatment protocol:Bidhan is currently undergoing laser treatment to permanently remove facial hairHe is also consuming one hormonal pill a day, which costs about Rs 40, to boost the female sex hormone estrogenThe road ahead:Bidhan will undergo a surgery where artificial breasts will be implanted; the implants will be removed once breasts develop naturallyA vaginoplasty will be done to create a functional vaginaFAQs about sex-change surgeries:Independent psychiatric evaluations of the patient are first carried out. Both surgeries, whether creation of a vagina or penis, involve immense pre-operative counseling of patient and family members and sometimes even extended familyPatients may also suffer from urological problems like urinary leakages, which have to be fixed surgicallyThose opting for reassignment surgeries have to be on life-long hormone therapyCreation of a vagina:A cavity or hole is created between the rectum and urethra, it is then lined with skin and given the look of a vaginaSensitive skin from the gland is used to create clitorisSince the body treats the new vagina as a wound, the vagina shrinks and contracts. Volume dilation has to be done for up to 3 years till it stabilisesThe female doesn't menstruate and can't conceiveThe surgery to create the vagina alone can cost Rs 50,000-1.5 lakh and involve multiple surgeriesCreation of a penis:The phallus or penis is made out of tissues, muscle, skinSilicon rods are put inside the phallus to give it an erectile lookAlso, clitoris is enhanced with hormonal therapy and later given the form of penis surgicallyThere is however no nerve supply to the penisPenis reconstruction easily costs up to few lakhs and involves multiple surgeries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161817", "title": "Rensil joins the pack of '24'", "text": "The Kurbaan director will pen Anil Kapoor's desi version of the Emmy award winning American seriesAs told, Abhinay Deo of Delhi Belly fame rejected film offers from three leading production houses to concentrate on directing Anil Kapoor's desi version of the cult American TV series 24 . We'd also told you how Kapoor bailed out his long-standing friend Rajkumar Santoshi from the adversities that currently engulf him by offering him the responsibility to look after the scripting of the series.The latest addition to Kapoor's growing pack, we can tell you, is adman-turned-writer cum filmmaker Rensil D'Silva, who has been roped in to write the screenplay of the Indian version 24 .Explaining how Rensil, who has written the screenplay of Rang De Basanti, Luck and Kurbaan , was brought on board the team, a source close to Kapoor said, \"Anil loved his work in Rang de Basanti . Ever since, they have been good friends.\"Kapoor is pulling out all stops to make a larger-than-life desi 24. He is totally involved with the creative and technical aspects of the series. It is learnt Patrick Harbinger, who not only wrote the screenplay of the original 24 but was its executive producer as well, flew down to Mumbai for a close-door meeting with Rensil, Abhinay and Anil at a suburban five star. He offered his guidance on how to go about the desi version, keeping in mind an Indian audience. Reportedly, the meeting lasted for a good two hours.An eye witness from the meeting told Mirror, \"Patrick gave inputs to Abhinay and Rensil and they were all ears.\" The eye witness added, \"Anil has warm relations with Patrick. It is likely Patrick may visit India again, considering 24 runs into eight seasons.\"The eye witness told us, \"Rensil is also directing Karan Johar's film starring Sanjay Dutt and Emraan Hashmi but at the same time, he will be devoting a lot of time to Anil's project.\"Anil Kapoor had portrayed the middle eastern leader Omar Hassan in the original 24. In the Indo version, he will play the protagonist, anti-terror squad leader Jack Bauer. In the English version, one of Kapoor's favourite Hollywood actors Keifer Sutherland essays the role.Desi 24 is likely to go on air by end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13159544", "title": "Jagan to flex muscle on D-day", "text": "Hyderabad: With YSR Congress members hinting that their president Jaganmohan Reddy would head a massive convoy from his residence to the CBI court on May 28, the investigative agency is sounding the city police to ensure that adequate security arrangements are in place on that day.\"The CBI case is a political witch hunt. In order to expose this, Jagan will go to the court with hundreds of supporters and party workers so that the people of the country can see for themselves as to how our leader is being victimized,\" a YSR Congress leader told TOI on Tuesday.However, he refused to divulge the number of people being mobilized to rally behind Jagan, except hinting that it would be a huge number. As per the plans that are being put in place, Jagan will leave his Lotus Pond residence on the morning of May 28 for the court of principal special judge A Pullaiah in Nampally to appear in the assets case in which he is accused number one. \"It is a distance of about 10 kms. We are still to decide whether he would proceed on foot or in a vehicular convoy,\" YSR Congress sources said. and hinted that the huge presence of the electronic media might force them to opt for the former.Meanwhile, police sources said there is a likelihood of prohibitory order being imposed in the area on May 28 in order to ensure that YSR Congress supporters do not assemble in strength and trigger a law and order problem. \"If Section 144 is imposed, it will thwart Jagan's plans of converting his visit to the court into a huge political campaign,\" said a police official.However, with Jagan's court appearance almost two weeks away, a detailed plan of action to tackle the situation is still to be finalized, said the sources.Among the other steps that the cops would have to take is the law and order fallout of a possible arrest of Jagan, once he makes his first appearance in the assets case on May 28. Although there is no indication that such a development will take place on that day, we should be ready for the same,\" said the official.Meanwhile, Jagan campaigned in Allagadda assembly constituency in Kurnool district on Tuesday. The YSR Congress chief has already said he would appear before the CBI court on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13157892", "title": "Alert voters are strength of the nation: Anna", "text": "GONDIA: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Monday said that alert voters are the strength of any nation and democracy and asked them to be prepared for a revolution in 2014 and throw out the corrupt regimes.Addressing a mammoth rally at Sindhi High School ground here, Hazare said that it was high time that mass awareness was created on various issues, corruption in particular. There was a chain of corruption, from the Centre to the gram panchayat level. When 72% to 76% money is spent on administration how can the benefits of funds from the Centre could reach villages where almost 65% of the population lives, he asked. As only 10% of the allotted funds reach the needy, the next crusade would be against corruption in irrigation and agriculture, he said.Hazare called upon the people to elect candidates with a clean record no matter which party they come from. A majority of such clean persons would give a good welfare government, he said.Those seated on the dais included district president Suresh Dhurve and Ranjeetbhai Jassani of Gondia.Talking to mediapersons later, Hazare said that the Congress could afford to act arrogantly as there were no major elections in the country till 2011. However, it received the first blow in the elections to five states, Uttar Pradesh in particular. Hazare said, the Congress will have to take initiative to pass a strong and effective Lokpal and Lokayukta bill to eradicate corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156713", "title": "'Kids should sue netas over toons'", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the government scrambles to contain the political damage from the Ambedkar cartoon, one may be tempted to believe that somebody surreptitiously slipped Shankar's satirical work in the NCERT textbook. Or that the HRD ministry was caught unawares by the political heresy.However, the fact is that the books were released by NCERT after having been thoroughly vetted by a National Monitoring Committee appointed by the ministry which includes several civil servants from various states, experts and academics as members.Also, there was no protest against the contents of NCERT books, now being blamed for pollution of impressionable minds, before April when RPI leader Ramdas Athawale woke up to the insult to dalits. The political science books for Classes IX to XII which have been recalled were being used in at least 15 states for the past five years. Not one state ever complained to the National Monitoring Committee.Naturally, the political uproar caught former NCERT director Krishna Kumar unawares. \"I am totally puzzled by the reaction. The textbooks have been approved through due processes. All textbooks have been approved by the National Monitoring Committee appointed by the HRD ministry that includes several civil servants, experts, academicians and mediapersons. It is being taught in 15 states of very different political ideologies for the last five years only because the books are of very high quality,\" he said.The books that were put together for political science were Democratic Politics 1 &amp; 2 (a compulsory read for Class IX and X students); Contemporary World Politics, Political Theory , Politics in India Since Independence and Indian Constitution at Work prescribed for Class XI and XII students of political science.This last book, Indian Constitution at Work is what caused the furore over the inclusion of a B R Ambedkar cartoon that's been in existence since 1949 but was never a subject of controversy. On Monday, another NCERT book, Democratic Politics 1, prescribed for Class IX, was also criticized in Parliament for another set of cartoons.The textbooks were developed in 2005 to 2007 by Textbook Development Committees constituted by the NCERT, and chaired by experts in the concerned areas. In case of political science and social science, it was chaired by Prof Hari Vasudevan and the chief advisors were Prof Suhas Palshikar and Prof Yogendra Yadav.These textbooks were placed before the National Monitoring Committee chaired by Prof Mrinal Miri and Prof G P Deshpande and consisting of representatives of state governments and educational experts from across the country. It was only after the approval of the committee that the textbooks were released from 2006 onwards.It is the same set of academics who were celebrated for the innovation in enriching the books with cartoons as a device to provide students respite from bland texts. The sense of betrayal among academics is palpable as nobody in the ministry is stepping forward to defend them who only carried out their brief.Social scientist Shiv Vishwanathan said, \"Instead of treating it (the cartoon) as an act of pride, our politicians, in an act of cowardly populism, read it as something shameful. It is a misreading of politics, an act of bad faith, made doubly ridiculous by the fact that an education minister lets down a responsible group of academics.''Vishwanathan added that there was no academic or political argument in removing the cartoons. \"There is only a populist argument.'' If BJP leader Yashwant Sinha felt that young minds would be influenced by lampooning cartoons, Vishwanathan said, \"All of them (politicians) behave like cartoons on TV every day... Do they think that a 14-15-year-old is so naive?''Prof Yash Pal, who headed the steering committee, said education was a continuing process and there could be complaints even after such thorough processes. But the strong backlash against cartoons has come as a shock to him. \"People have to learn to laugh at themselves. There are different ways of looking at things and humour is one of them,'' he said.The \"inappropriate material'' now rendered orphan was the work of several years. NCERT's executive committee had taken the decision in July 2004 to revise the National Curriculum Framework following concerns of saffronization, rote learning and the need to develop a new pedagogy.The NCF proposed five guiding principles for curriculum development: connecting knowledge to life outside the school; ensuring that learning shifts away from rote methods; enriching the curriculum so that it goes beyond textbooks; making examinations more flexible and integrating them with classroom life; and nurturing an overriding identity informed by caring concerns within the democratic polity of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "amrtisar", "code": "13157953", "title": "Death sentence by Pak court raises hackles of rights activists, kin of convicts", "text": "AMRTISAR: A Karachi-based anti-terrorism court's orders, awarding death sentence in a murder case, overlooking the moratorium on capital punishment, has triggered a wave of criticism in India and Pakistan.Human rights activists of both the countries believe that if the scheduled hanging takes place, it would badly affect the prospects of Indian prisoners and death row convicts -- Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh.Behram Khan, the convict, is to be hanged on May 23 as per court orders, for killing a lawyer in 2003.There has been a moratorium on capital punishment in Pakistan since 2008. \"Pakistan government had announced in Parliament to convert all death sentences into life imprisonment. We will not allow any hanging here,\" Pakistan's rights activist and former federal minister for human rights, Ansar Burney, told TOI on Tuesday.\"Not only Sarabjit and Kirpal, but all death sentence awardees in Pakistani jails, who were either expecting release or commutation of their sentence into life imprisonment would be morally degraded and emotionally shattered by this,\" said Burney.Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Geelani had announced during his address to the National Assembly on June 21, 2008, to forward a proposal to the President to convert all death sentences into life imprisonment.Expressing surprise over the court orders, despite a formal moratorium, president of All Maharashtra Human Rights Welfare Association, Jayesh Mirani, who was approached by Sarabjit Singh's sister Dalbir Kaur to file a mercy petition before the UN, said, \"Behram Khan's hanging can still be stayed, if some NGO files a petition in the UN.\"Sarabjit's counsel Awais Sheikh said that Pakistan government has already made the announcement to commute death sentences into life imprisonment and if Behram was hanged, it would impact the future of Indians on death row in Pakistan.Kirpal Singh's sister Jagir Kaur said the news has dashed her hopes about Kirpal's safe return. Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh have been languishing in Kot Lakhpat jail in Lahore for the last over 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159113", "title": "CNG price goes up by Rs 2.80 per kg", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The woes for CNG car and rickshaw users refuse to die down. Adani Gas Ltd (AGL), a subsidiary of Adani Enterprises Ltd, has announced Rs 2.80 per kg hike in CNG prices. The announcement comes in less than two months after AGL revised CNG prices by more than Rs 4 per kg on March 31.With the new hike, the CNG will be sold at Rs 53 per kg inclusive of tax at AGL's 50 CNG stations in Ahmedabad and seven in Vadodara. For industrial users, AGL has revised the price to Rs 37.25 per cubic meter excluding 15% VAT from current Rs 34.25 per cubic meter. The company said the hike comes following depreciating rupee value. \"With the adverse impact of currency exchange rates, the revision of prices became inevitable,\" said Rajeev Sharma, CEO, Adani Gas. However, there is no revision in the Piped Natural Gas (PNG) prices.AGL operates 50 CNG stations in Ahmedabad and seven in Vadodara. AGL also supplies natural gas to 1.50 lakh domestic customers, 700 industries and 1,100 commercial customers in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159237", "title": "Andamans ship catches fire in repair docks", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out on a passenger liner berthed at the Kolkata Dock System (KDS) of Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) on Tuesday afternoon. Nobody was injured in the fire that started around 12.50pm in a stationery store room and spread to some cabins close to it.Two fire tenders of KoPT and the West Bengal Fire Services Department and a floating one brought the blaze under control by 1.30pm, officials said.MV Harsha-Vardhana, a ship owned by the Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) Ltd, which plies between Kolkata and Port Blair in the Andamans, was berthed at No. 3 Kidderpore Docks for the last 18 days for routine repairs. Apart from some repair staff and a few members of the ship's crew, there was nobody on board when smoke was detected on Tuesday afternoon.\"It seems that the fire started due to an electrical short-circuit on the ship. There were no passenger on board as the ship was berthed for repairs. The fire wasn't a major one and was brought under control soon,\" said Manish Jain, chairman, KoPT.According to the SCI, the actual damage is yet to be ascertained. \"Even after the fire was brought under control, there was a lot of smoke. There was certainly some damage but we haven't yet assessed it. The repairs were nearly complete and the ship was almost ready to sail after clearance from the directorate general (shipping). Now, an inspection will have to be carried out to find out what repairs will be required further,\" said SCI official Sajal Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157452", "title": "South African demand for legal trade in rhino horns leaves India jittery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The surge of poaching of rhinoceros in South Africa could lead to threats to the one-horned Indian rhino in faraway Assam and West Bengal if the African country decides to go ahead and demand opening the international trade in rhino horns.Speaking at the first stock taking meeting of the World Bank-led Global Tiger Recovery Programme in Delhi, Keshav Varma, programme director of the Global Tiger Initiative, warned that South Africa, unable to contain poaching, was inclined towards opening the trade in rhino horns. International trade in rhino horns is banned under the UN Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).Rhino horns, which are costlier than gold today, fetch upwards of $50,000 per kg in the international market and are used in traditional oriental medicine systems.Varma warned that if the South African proposal found support, the demand for horns from India could surge, leading to higher levels of poaching.India is home to about 2,500 one-horned rhinos with the armour-plated animal found only in Assam and West Bengal and one patch - Dudhwa National Park in Uttar Pradesh. While poaching at one time threatened the animal in these patches, it has not suffered the kind of pressure the South African rhino faces where more than 400 rhinos were poached for their horns last year. This year, Varma said, South Africa had been losing rhinos at the rate of almost four a day.Similar debates about opening up ivory trade in African nations had earlier led to heated negotiations at CITES with India wary that legalizing trade in the elephant tusks would lead to international and well-funded poaching networks getting active in Indian forests. With China farming tigers, the international conservation community has also been divided about satiating the demand for such exotic animal parts from farmed animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158867", "title": "Trade route in shambles", "text": "Chennai-Ennore route is a 'bumper' hit. When 5,000 container trucks and thousands of other vehicles move in a parade daily through the crammed trade corridor, it is bound to be so. But what is moving even slower is the lead-footed Ennore-Manali Road Improvement Project (EMRIP).Commissioned in 1997, the work on the Rs 600 crore project to widen the trade route has been delayed by more than 14 years. The long delay has already deepened the traffic woes of north Chennai and the Chennai Port. And in the long run, it might even stymie the industrial growth of the city. An official of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), which is carrying out the project, said they were fast-tracking the work. The revised deadline for the project is June 2013.So what made the road improvement project go limping? Since its inception in 1997, many a government and minister have changed at the Centre and the state. Snail-paced tender process, red tape and not-so benevolent ministers and bureaucrats who had their fingers on the pause button are also to blame. A senior official of the Tamil Nadu Road Development Company, an arm of the state facilitating the project, said they had completed land acquisition on the city side. \"The remaining part of a Bhavani Amman Temple near Toll Gate will be acquired within a few weeks,\" said the official.A senior NHAI manager coordinating the road widening works said the congestion had worsened in the last three months. \"It may be impossible to reduce the volume of cargo handling at the Chennai port. But the volumes should not be increased at least for a few months. Otherwise it would force us to stop the work at many stretches where our contractors are already finding it difficult to meet the deadlines due to congestion and parked trucks,\" he said.The three major stretches in the 30-km-long EMRIP project are Chennai port - Toll Gate, Madhavaram-Manali Junction and Manali Junction-Ennore port. An NHAI official said about 30% of the total work had been completed. \"This is the best season for work and we will complete the first phase of the Madhavaram to Manali stretch before the monsoon,\" he said. The first layer of bitumen is being laid and will be over by October 2012. But work at the city side, a stretch of 1.6km from port to Toll Gate, is yet to get rolling because the land acquisition at several points is caught in disputes. It is the port users who are paying for the congestion. The delay has affected the trade and transportation, bringing huge losses to traders. A leading trader and customs house agent in the city said: \"We request the state government and highways department to complete the project as early as possible\".Chairman of Chennai Port Trust Atulya Mishra said the state and NHAI would complete the project on a war-footing. \"Police station and petrol bunks on the city side have been removed for the EMRIP. Relocating about 146 shops of fishermen is in the final stages,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13159111", "title": "Revenue official attacked while raiding tea shop", "text": "MADURAI: A 29-year-old man assaulted a senior revenue official on Monday evening, who was raiding a tea shop in Madurai to check whether adulterated tea powder was being used.Police have arrested the man, Senthurpandian of Kadachanenthal who reportedly had no connection with the tea shop but had assaulted the officer in an inebriated state.The district supplies officer, T Sundaresan, conducted the inspection at the tea shop in Kadachanenthal as part of a district-wide raid after a spurious tea powder unit was busted on Monday. Even as Sundaresan found that adulterated tea powder was used in one of the tea shops, Senthurpandian, who was drunk, and was inside the shop picked up a quarrel and allegedly assaulted him, police said.Meanwhile, about 30-kg of adulterated tea powder was seized and action was initiated against 20 shop owners during raids at tea shops across the district.Soon after the spurious tea unit was unearthed at a multi-storeyed building in Nehru Nagar where 10 tonnes of spurious tea powder was seized besides packets of colour powder and sacks of mud used to adulterate tea, district collector U Sagayam ordered for a district-wide inspection. Subsequently, 25 teams constituting revenue officials including sub-collectors and tahsildars conducted inspections at tea shops and eateries in Tiruparankunram, Tirumangalam, Perayur, Vadipatti, Melur and other rural areas on Monday evening.Later, a team led by Sundaresan reached Kadachanenthal and started inspections in the tea shops there. At around 9pm they came to the tea shop run by one Dharmar. Even as the officials were inspecting the tea powder, Senthurpandian, picked up a quarrel with Sundaresan. Later, Senthurpandian suddenly grabbed the official by his collar and assaulted him. The other officials immediately alerted the collector and the police. The police rushed to the spot and arrested Senthurpandian.The officials conducted the operation due to suspicion that the spurious unit busted in Madurai was supplying tea powder across the district. Meanwhile, the police have launched a hunt for the couple, who were involved in the spurious sale are still on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159145", "title": "Immolation bid at demolition site", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A demolition activity in Shahibaug area got awry when a family attempted suicide while authorities tried demolishing houses that encroached on Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) property.Saeed Sheikh and his wife poured kerosene on themselves before the demolition squad. The police first tried to convince them to approach the court for a stay order, but the couple decided to commit suicide. \"What legal recourse can we poor people have? Getting lawyers is so costly,\" says Sheikh. The police then forcefully poured water on the couple to wear off the kerosene.There were a total of 15 houses that were constructed on a Town Planning (TP) road around the Daryakhan Ghummat monument. The AMC claims that it had removed the encroachment a few months ago and that the residents built illegal structures on them. When asked whether notices were served to the owners of the houses that were demolished, the AMC officer claimed that according to Gujarat Town Planning Act, the AMC need not issue a notice and can go ahead with the demolition. \"Notices are only issued when the encroachment is on an AMC plot and are not encroaching a TP road,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157079", "title": "CBI gets four-dayremand of Dr Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court on Tuesday remanded former CMO Dr AK Shukla for four days in the CBI custody. The remand period will start on May 16 at 11.00 a.m. The court had earlier granted two days remand, but the CBI needed more time to interrogate Dr Shukla. Therefore, it had moved an application for a remand of seven more days. The CBI had arrested Dr Shukla in connection with the murder of his colleague Dr VK Arya. The murder was linked to the NRHM scam.Special judicial magistrate (CBI), Neelmanikant Tripathi, observed that considering the gravity of the offence and for speedy and proper investigations, there was ground to hand over Dr Shukla to the Central agency. CBI investigating officer, ASP Hari Singh, had moved the application stating the during two days remand earlier granted by the court, Dr Shukla did not give proper reply to the agency. Against most of the questions, the former CMO either said that he did not remember anything or said that he could not give reply now.The investigating officer further stated that it was not possible to work out the case without having Dr Shukla in the CBI remand. He said that in the previous remand, the CBI put 25 questions before Dr Shukla and the agency wanted to make Dr Shukla sit face to face with many key officials to bring correct facts to the fore. The CBI also wanted to know from Dr Shukla about the criminal conspiracy to kill Dr Arya, the IO added, producing the case diary.Dr Shukla's lawyers opposed further remand and said that the CBI had no evidence against him and yet it is forcing him to give false evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13160074", "title": "Karnataka varsities join hands to fight pollution", "text": "DAVANAGERE: With an aim to take up research works to combat environment pollution, the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) will have a tie up with Visveshwarayya Technological University (VTU),Rajiv Gandhi University for Health Sciences (RGUHS) and University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS).The initiative will help expert faculties interact with each other and suggest measures for protecting environment. A decision in this regard was taken at a meeting held recently at its Bangalore head office under the leadership of its chairman A S Sadashivaiah.Over 150 people, including KSPCB member secretary S M Putta buddi, technical advisory committee (TAC) chairman S Manjappa, former vice-chancellor of UAS U Mahadevappa and faculties from colleges of engineering, medical, agriculture and fisheries.The move is aimed at taking up projects to reduce pollution level and develop a module to train workforce in industry and officers of the environmental pollution control board.\"The tie-up will help faculties make use of the data available at the KSPCB and suggest measures to maintain quality of environment,\" TAC chairman S Manjappa told TOI.Efforts are on to establish a pollution control chair at VTU, Belgaum, to organize research and development programmes related industrial pollution control through which a bridge between the institutes, industry and board can be created.VTU V-C H Maheshappa assured support and manpower at the affiliated and constituent colleges of the university to the board to carry out research activities.The chair will consider the opinion of specialists in different fields. A meeting of the KSPCB chairman with VTU V-C will be held at Belgaum on May 16 to chalk out the features of MoU, Manjappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159432", "title": "IIT-JEE goof-up: Resentment brews among students", "text": "INDORE: After finding erroneous questions of 14 marks during the IIT-JEE, the examination conducting body made the answer keys to the public. Despite this, a lot of students are not satisfied with the answers given in the key.The examination conducting body has, for the first time, put the answer keys on the website after students demanded more transparency in the examination process. Till the last year, answer key was announced after the result announcement.Students rue that a few questions in chemistry and physics sections have been given the wrong answers in the key. Exam experts say that though the conducting body has put the answer key to bring more transparency, it seems that a number of students are not satisfied with the answers given in the key.Sumit Upmanyu, a director of one of the coaching institutes said, \"A number of students approached had complaints with the answer key. As we cannot raise question on the functioning of the examination conducting body, we have asked the students to personally e-mail their complaints on the address provided on the website.\" There are problems in the answer key, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "13159760", "title": "Storm kills five in Tinsukia district", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A devastating storm that swept through upper Assam on Monday evening left five people dead and several injured in Tinsukia district. The deceased included a father-son duo - Ranjit Mura (42) and Sushil Mura (16) - of Dighaltarang tea estate in Doomdooma.A five-year-old boy, Bikash Lakwa, was crushed to death after a tree crashed into their house in Upper Talap Nahali village in Doomdooma.The casualties also included two women , Puni Urang (65) of Rajagarh village and Bandhani Mura (36) of Goipani Tingamora village in the same area.The storm also flattened hundreds of homes in the district. Several persons sustained multiple injuries and were admitted to hospitals after they were hit by either flying debris or trapped in their homes as roofs and walls caved in.In Doomdooma, Makum and Kakopathar area, hundreds of trees and countless electricity poles were uprooted in the storm, which lasted for nearly 30 minutes. As trees fell on electricity wires, power supply was disrupted in several areas of the district.A department official said that it would take at least 48 hours to restore power supply in the affected areas.Throughout the day, workers were seen trying to clear roads which were blocked by fallen trees.On Tuesday, hundreds of people blocked the NH-52 at Rangajan in protest against the alleged failure of the district administration in providing relief to the affected families. District officials visited the worst-hit villages to take stock of the situation. A few makeshift camps were also erected for the people who were rendered homeless by the storm.In Dibrugarh district, several villages in Duliajan, Namrup, Tengakhat and Sasoni were ravaged by the destructive force of nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157408", "title": "Rs 110cr plan to curb deaths on tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has decided to implement a Rs 110-crore project to curb deaths on tracks. An average of 3,600 people die on the suburban network every year.Called the trespassing-control project, it will see the installation of escalators, construction of foot overbridges (FOBs) at some stations and fencing of crucial spots on both the Western and Central Railway networks. The spots were identified following a study by students of J J School of Arts and Architecture.\"Under the project, six escalators, 31 FOBs, five elevators, a subway and a road overbridge will come up before 2014,\" an MRVC official said.The proposal was approved by the MRVC's board of directors on Monday. Additional chief secretary of the urban development department T C Benjamin wants the project to kick off by August.Funds for the project will be sourced from the $430-million loan agreement the MRVC has signed with the World Bank for various rail infrastructure projects.After placing orders for 72 rakes with Bombardier, the MRVC will have $110 million to spare.The MRVC official said, \"If we do not use the surplus money, the department of economic affairs may divert it to other states. So, we decided to make proper use of the funds by proposing the trespassing-control project.\"Students of J J School of Arts and Architecture had carried out a survey of the suburban network with the help of RPFpersonnel and officials of Central and Western Railways to identify vulnerable spots. Six stations each on WR and CR were identified on the basis of the high mortality rate as spots where facilities will come up as part of the project. Five mid-sections (spots between two stations) have also been shortlisted for the construction of FOBs.The study also found out the reasons for trespassing in areas with FOBs. The official said, \"Either the FOB is too high or is at an inconvenient location. For example, Jogeshwari has a level crossing, but no FOB connecting the east to the west.\"The study also identified spots where reinforced concrete cement fencing is required. There are plans to develop green patches on vacant plots to dissuade people from using them to cross tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159003", "title": "CM invites Singhania to set up garment factory", "text": "PATNA: Tailoring activities in the state is all set to attain sophistication and new heights with potential to provide services to units operating outside Bihar through planned placement of tailors soon as chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday inaugurated the Raymond Tailoring Centre (RTC) on labour resources department (LRD) run Digha Industrial Training Institute (ITI) campus here. The training imparted will be based on the needs and demands of the textile and fabric industry.As it is, RTC will hone the tailoring skill of students in a batch of 150 and is the country's first formal training facility to train the underprivileged youths in tailoring started by Raymond Limited, said company's chairman -cum-managing director (CMD) Gautam Hari Singhania , present on the occasion.Inviting Singhania to start a garment factory in the state, the CM said there is a huge scope for it as the government has decided to promote and support ongoing production of cocoons by silkworms on mulberry trees in Supaul district, while Bhagalpur, famous as 'Silk City', is famous for its 'tassar' silk. Getting land for the garment factory will not be a problem, as plots of land have already been identified and earmarked especially for the purpose, the CM added.Singhania added tailoring will be the biggest sector after agriculture by 2020 to provide job opportunities and also open income-generating avenues, as there will be a shortage of 1.5 crore tailors in the country by that time. As on date, the country has 36 lakh tailors, of which Bihar's share is merely 3%.He said the state's sustained growth under Nitish has already reduced migration of people from Bihar to other states by 30%.\"We will provide best advanced practices in tailoring, including knowledge on financial management and health care, to the trainees. Any youth trained by the RTC will be able to enhance his income by 30%,\" said Singhania.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , pointing out the implied changing scenario regarding technology transfer in the state said that traditionally, tailoring activity has been a profession with people from a certain caste and community. Obviously, with RTC here, youths from other castes and communities could also opt for training in tailoring.Given the emerging scenario, the CM also pointed that his government intends to make the agriculture sector the motor force of the state's economy.The state government has already decided to pump in Rs 1.5 lakh crore into the sector over the next 10 years as per the guidelines of its agriculture road map. Further, the Hoonar (skill development) programme for girls from minority community coupled with Aujar programme, are providing financial assistance and equipment to them for self-employment, added the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158136", "title": "4 yrs on, Aarushi-Hemraj case remains a whodunnit", "text": "NEW DELHI: On this day four years ago, 14-year-old Aarushi Talwar , daughter of a dentist couple, was found murdered with her throat slit while family servant Hemraj was also found dead on the terrace of their Noida residence. The case has seen many twists and turns in these four years but without much headway.Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, Aarushi's parents, are currently facing trial after they were made accused in the murder and destruction of evidence on February 9 last year. Nupur is presently lodged in Dasna jail while Rajesh is out on bail. Their review petition is pending in the Supreme Court.While providing circumstantial evidence against the dentist couple, CBI had claimed that the Talwars were present in the house at the time of murders and gave a clean chit to the three servants who were earlier arrested by a previous investigating team. CBI investigators, who took over from Noida police, claimed that almost 90% of the evidence had been destroyed, except a whiskey bottle that was seized from Rajesh Talwar's room on which blood samples of both the deceased were found.In 2008, when Noida police was in charge of the investigation, not only did it allow people to trample the crime scene but it also did not collect fingerprints from the house. Rajesh Talwar was arrested by Noida police and was jailed for 50 days. But soon CBI arrested the three servants - Krishna, Rajkumar and Vijay Mandal - and filed a closure report saying that they were innocent.In its closure report in December 2010, CBI put the ball in the magistrate's court on the issue of proceeding with the case or burying it as one which had reached a dead end. The judge ordered trial of the couple.The Talwars now claim that they are being framed in the case while CBI says it has enough evidence against them. The arguments on framing of charges against the couple will take place on May 16 - exactly four years after the murders.CBI gives 3 CDsNew Delhi: CBI on Tuesday handed over three compact discs to Talwars' lawyers and also brought around 6000 pages of documents it is supposed to hand over to the couple. According to CBI sources, the CDs contain soft copies of forensic reports and other documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157867", "title": "Nagpur survey to conduct inspection of disputed Narendra Nagar railway overbridge plot", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing controversy over delay in opening Narendra Nagar railway overbridge (RoB) for motorists may end on Wednesday as the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation has finally agreed to carry out survey of the carriage way of the bridge on Narendra Nagar ring road side by the city survey department.Even though the RoB is ready since November, the procurement of 33 sq mt land has delayed the opening of the Rs 40 crore RoB. In the past, tired of delay, twice residents and the youth wing of a political party had opened the bridge on their own.Confirming the development, MSRDC superintendent Jeevan Nikose said that inspection of the disputed land will commence at 10pm by officials of the city survey department.Nitin Kumbalkar welcomed the decision of MSRDC for agreeing to conduct inspection of the land by the city survey department. The RoB would have been opened by now had not MSRDC altered original sanctioned plan on its own,\" he alleged. \"Extra land to be acquired belongs to my father Marotrao Kumbalkar who had earlier parted with 150 sq metres land for the project,\" he claimed.\"Since 2009 we had been demanding the land measurement by the city survey officials. As per original plan sanctioned in 1988, the 1.264km RoB was to connect with ring road near Narendra Nagar fire station. It now connects the ring road some 200 metres away from the fire station,\" added Kumbalkar.The inspection by city survey will be instrumental in making a crucial headway into the RoB project which has been on the back burner for the last 14 years owing to land dispute. This necessitated the MSRDC to acquire more land and get the opening of bridge mired in legal dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159263", "title": "Mamata Banerjee talks tough on development", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee won't let anybody or anything to thwart her development plans for the city and state, she indicated on Tuesday while laying the foundation stone for a two million gallon reservoir and booster pumping station near the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass. Once completed, this facility will provide piped potable water to residents of the Topsia and Tiljala areas who depend on ground water at present.\"We have taken several projects for the poor people of the city through the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. However, the implementation of these projects will have to be swift. Bhole Baba hoye bose thakle cholbe na (one can't afford to sit quietly and expect things to happen by themselves),\" Mamata said. This was an indirect barb aimed at mayor Sovan Chatterjee who seems to have fallen from the chief minister's grace in recent times.\"We have also achieved a lot in the health sector. We have added 3,500 beds in hospitals and eight new units for infants and pregnant women. We have planned 34 super-speciality hospitals in the districts. Project reports are ready for 26 of these. The underprivileged will get preference at these hospitals,\" Mamata said.During the programme, she handed over pattas to 318 people from the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony under Ward No.108. The area is close to Nonadanga, where the state administration is facing trouble over eviction of squatters from land earmarked for a development project. In a warning aimed at frontal organizations of the Maoists which are standing by the evictees, she said: \"I would request people not to play with fire. The administration will have to deal strongly with illegal activities.\"In the recent past, there have been at least two major skirmishes between the squatters and the police, resulting in arrests. After one clash, scientist Partho Protim Roy was arrested for supporting the demand of the evictees. While his arrest had led to a public outrage, with intellectuals from across the world demanding his release, Mamata maintained that the Nonadanga evictees were being instigated by Maoists.Claiming that her government has achieved much in bringing about peace in Jangalmahal, the chief minister warned her party members against getting involved in corruption. \"We have achieved much and violence has come down in Jangalmahal. However, I will not tolerate corruption. I have no problem if you lead colourful lives, but don't go overboard. I won't tolerate corruption,\" Mamata said.Reiterating her stand on the moratorium, the CM said: \"We are not begging for alms. This is our demand that we get a moratorium of three years. We have several special plans for uplift of the city's underprivileged. The Nija Bhoomi Nija Griha project is a very important one in which poor people will be allotted three cottahs of government land. We will also provide assistance to them in constructing a house on this land. They can also use part of the property for a shop to make a living. The survey for this project has already started,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13159892", "title": "Gene tied to schizophrenia identified", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found a group of genes that cause schizophrenia, a breakthrough which they say could soon lead to new and better treatment for the complex mental illness that is thought to run in families . An international team led by researchers from the Indiana University in the US studied genetic information of thousands of schizophrenia patients and healthy controls and identified a comprehensive group of genes that can show if a person is at higher or lower risk of developing the disease.Evaluating the biological pathways in which the genes are active, the researchers also proposed a model of schizophrenia as a disease emerging from a mix of genetic variations that affect brain development and neuronal connections along with environmental factors, particularly stress. \"At its core, schizophrenia is a disease of decreased cellular connectivity in the brain, precipitated by environmental stress during brain development, among those with genetic vulnerability,\" said lead study author Alexander Niculescu, an associate professor of psychiatry at IU School of Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13159459", "title": "Several members of KPA arrested", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of parents and members of Kanpur Parents Association (KPA), going to protest outside the Vidhan Sabha in Lucknow against fee hike in private schools, were arrested on Tuesday.The protesters were arrested from Motjheel by Nazirabad police and later released. The police took the memorandum and demand letter of KPA and assured to deliver it to the authorities concerned.As per the memorandum, the parents demanded fee relaxation in private school.They also demanded implementation of Right to Education act ( RTE) in schools.The KPA demanded to make 'fee decision act' for all the private schools so that they may not increase the fees arbitrarily.Describing the hike as unjustified, the parents said that the 40 per cent increase in fees was unacceptable. Parents termed it as exorbitant.KPA president Sanjay Shukla said that fee structure is enormous in different English medium schools. In some schools, the hike has crossed around 50 per cent during the last four years.This is putting additional burden on the some parents, who are not in a position to pay.He pointed out that in some schools, the uniform is also changed every year and students are forced to pay additional fee when they pass from one class to other. When the issue is raised by parents, the school authorities threaten to rusticate the children.\"Even the district administration has done nothing to check this exorbitant fee hike in schools. Even the building of some schools is not as per the allotted map of KDA. But no one takes action against this illegal business, which had made education out of reach of the common man,\" said Ghanshyam, a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158689", "title": "300 fail Chartered Accountant final exam, but pass after retotalling", "text": "CHENNAI: Students and lecturers have complained that there were many errors in totalling and that past questions were repeated in the final exams conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India last November.Around 300 final-year students from all over the country cleared either a group or both groups in the final exams after they applied for retotalling. A student who got 7% in a subject cleared the test after his paper was retotalled, with at least 33 marks added when the paper was checked again by evaluators.Acknowledging the fact that there were bloomers in the valuation of papers, ICAI president Jaydeep N Shah said, \"The issue is under the consideration of a committee and should be resolved before the valuation of the May 2012 papers. We have also given instructions to examiners to be doubly careful and check twice or thrice while correcting answersheets.\"A student is allowed to apply for a copy of his answersheet and then apply for retotalling. A student has to get a minimum of 40% in each subject and an aggregate of 50% in all the subjects to clear a group. More than 1 lakh students from across the country take the final exams in May and November every year. Of these only 15% clear either a single group or both groups to qualify as a chartered accountant.Last week a public interest litigation on the valuation of CA papers was dismissed by the Madras high court as the petition was filed by a lecturer and not a student. The PIL was filed by Venkata Sivakumar, a chartered accountant and lecturer in costing and finance management.\"The Supreme Court in a judgment six months ago allowed students to get a copy of their marksheets on payment of a fee,\" Sivakumar said. \"It is only after this that errors in valuation and totalling came to light. The institute's journal has published a list of candidates who have cleared a group or both the groups after retotalling. I plan to approach the Supreme Court. A group of students will file a petition in the high court after vacation.\"\"Errors may creep in as examiners have other work to do besides correcting the papers,\" an examiner said. \"Though this should not happen, that is the only reason I can see for such mistakes. Usually there is no pressure while correcting papers as we get ample time.\"\"The errors may be due to oversight. For example, five marks awarded for a particular answer could be read as three. A student may fail in a subject because of this,\" said R Sivakumar, another chartered accountant and a lecturer at ICAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13158302", "title": "Pajifond illegal construction case on Monday", "text": "MARGAO: The hearing on the case of an alleged illegal construction near Shri Krishna temple in Pajifond has been set for May 21.Former sports minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar, who is president of the temple committee, filed a complaint last week with the Margao municipal council (MMC). MMC issued a show cause notice to the proprietors of the construction and both parties appeared before chief officer J B Bhingui on May 14. Due to lack of requisite documents, Bhingui issued directions to the proprietor to place all the necessary documents before him next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160122", "title": "Bypolls: Cong ropes in Chiru to woo Kapu voters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The campaign for the bypolls is likely to get intensified in the coming few days with Congress deciding to depute Chiranjeevi to woo Kapu voters in the key assembly constituencies in response to YSR Congress' vehement charge and demand for a CBI probe into the huge stash of cash found in Chiranjeevi's daughter's residence in Chennai was actually the money given by the ruling party for the merger of his Prajarajyam party.The Congress is of the view that the YSR Congress has unleashed the campaign against Chiranjeevi with the aim of preventing him from campaigning in the bypolls in the 17 assembly constituencies in the Seemandhra region many of which have a seizable number of Kapu voters. \"The YSR Congress has underestimated us. In response, Chiranjeevi will undertake an extensive campaign of all the constituencies going to the bypolls in this region,\" a Congress leader said. As per the plans finalized, the Rajya Sabha member will tour the constituencies starting from May 17. \"The YSR Congress has only Jagan as crowd-puller . To counter him, the Congress will have Chiranjeevi , chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, as well as some central leaders campaigning for the bypolls,\" Congress sources said.Party sources said tentatively, Chiranjeevi will commence his campaign from Udayagiri in Nellore district on May 17. From there, he will visit Rayadurgam (May 21), Ongole (May 23), Narasannapet (May 25), Payakaraopeta (May 26), Narsapuram (June 1), Polavaram and Ramachandrapuram (June 2), Allagadda , Yemmiganur (June 4 and 5) and Nellore parliamentary constituency (June 6). In another development, party president Sonia Gandhi's envoy Vayalar will launch the Congress campaign from Anantapur. According to the sources, Vayalar Ravi will launch his campaign at Rayadurg on May 17. After that he is expected to visit Guntur district to campaign in Macherla and Prathipadu.The party thinks Vayalar Ravi's campaign will enthuse the BCs while Chiranjeevi will be able to mobilize the Kapus in favour of the Congress. Others likely to be pressed for campaigning include Union ministers D Purandeswari and Panabaka Lakshmi, and AICC general secretary and Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad.The Congress, which is plagued with in-fighting in many constituencies, is finding it difficult to counter the attack by rivals YSR Congress and Telugu Desam Party while in some other areas, unhappy ministers are keeping themselves away from the campaigning. Hence, the need for the aggressive campaign strategy involving both central and state leaders . Already, the chief minister, Botsa and Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao are aggressively carrying out an \"expose Jagan\" campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13156770", "title": "IET's MBA, BTech students stage protest, demand refund", "text": "LUCKNOW: Engineering and MBA students of Institute of Engineering and Technology, affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University staged a protest demanding refund of Rs 10,000 as additional fee charged from them. The students alleged that the college authorities have refused to return the money even after the state government order.The case is of final year MBA and second year BTech students of IET, who took admission in the academic session 2010-11. As per the students, the college asked them to pay Rs 10,000 extra as tuition fee on the orders of the state government. Within sometime, the government rolled back the order and asked the college to return the additional amount charged from the students. But till date, no money has been refunded. \"We have approached the authorities so many times but have always got a negative response. Last time when we went to claim our money, the college authorities outrightly refused to pay us back,\" said a MBA student.Voicing out similar problem, other students complained that the college has been intentionally delaying the matter for the past two years. \"Why is that no step has been taken till now. We request the college to expedite the matter.\"Explaining the entire process, head, MBA, and also dean, (administration), DN Kakkar said, \"The process has delayed, but we have already ensured that the students get back their money. The university vice-chancellor himself is pursuing the matter.\"As per Kakkar, GBTU V-C, Prof Kripa Shanker has constituted a three-member committee comprising finance officer, registrar and dean (administration), IET. \"Before the committee could start its work, the FO was transferred and the committee is lying defunct. Even then we gathered all reports and presented the case to the V-C. We have no intention of keeping the students money,\" said Kakkar. Prof Shanker who is the acting director of IET assured that students will get their money back and advised them to concentrate on their exams as of now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159448", "title": "Doctors\u2019 crunch ails ESIC-run hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost all states have huge vacancy of doctors at hospitals run by Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC). Kerala tops the list with 160 vacancies. Gujarat, Delhi, Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan, Haryana and West Bengal are all suffering doctors' crunch in ESIC facilities.In a written reply submitted in Lok Sabha, Union labour and employment minister Mallikarjun Kharge stated that there are 750 posts for doctors lying vacant in 19 states, which have ESIC hospitals. Gujarat has vacancy for 78 doctors, followed by Maharashtra (56) and Haryana (46).\"Filling up of vacancies is an ongoing process. Recruitment of doctors in respect of state-run hospitals and dispensaries is the responsibility of respective state government. Recruitment to ESIC run hospitals and dispensaries is done by the ESI Corporation,\" the minister said.Government sources said that providing adequate staff in ESIC hospitals has never been a priority of state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13160469", "title": "Photographer's awareness saved girl's vision", "text": "BANGALORE: When Srinivas (28) and Pramila (26), residents of Peenya, first noticed a little white dot in their daughter Gayathri's right eye they believed it to be a good omen! Gayathri was just over six months old then.When she turned nine months old, the family decided to have her naming ceremony. On that occasion they went to a photo studio in Gubbi near Tumkur, their native place. The photographer , Lingaraju, while clicking the photos noticed a white spot in Gayathri's eye, but did not mistake it for any kind of omen. He simply advised the parents to take the child to an eye specialist and investigate if she had retinoblastoma or eye cancer. They will forever be thankful to Lingaraju, because his alertness saved their daughter's eyes. But the couple did not know of the impending danger to their child's life. On a second occasion, when Pramila found a job and was enrolled for an ESI (employee state insurance) scheme, the photographer , while clicking the family's photo, again noticed the white spot in Gayathri's eye and suggested to the couple to check if the child was suffering from eye cancer.Taking the second advice seriously, the couple took the child to Narayana Nethralaya, where she was detected with retinoblastoma. \"Retinoblastoma is a silent tumour and is most often detected too late to save the eye. Gayathri's tumour was detected in the third stage and luckily we could save her eyes. She is now 18 months old. In India, every year we get about 1,500 new cases of rentiblastoma and 80% of them are curable. It generally takes about 1-2 years to treat the cancer completely ,\" said Dr Ashwin Mallipatna, paediatric ophthalmologist, In-charge of Retinoblastoma Service, Narayana Nethralaya.The hospital on Tuesday felicitated Lingaraju for his alertness, which saved Gayathri's vision. Said Dr Bhujang Shetty, chairman, Narayana Nethralaya: \"If people are as alert and aware as Lingaraju we can save many children's vision. It is generally very late by the time parents realize about their child's difficulty and bring him/her to the doctor. We want people to spread awareness about retinoblastoma and if needed we are ready to treat the children for free.\"Lingaraju had first-hand experienceEeralingappa alias Lingaraju, a professional photographer from Gubbi, lost his two-year-old niece to retinoblastoma about five years ago. He had learnt about the symptoms when his niece was treated, but due to late detection of cancer the child could not be saved. \"When I noticed a similar spot in Gayathri's eye, I immediately alerted Srinivas. I am glad the child is recovering,\" Lingaraju said.How common is retinoblastoma?It is the third most common cancer in a child, occurring 1 in 20,000 births. However, it is the most treatable cancer. In India, due to the lack of awareness and the lack of access to appropriate treatment, the cancer is detected at an advanced stage. The success rate in India is currently 50% to 70%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13158676", "title": "Party sees plot in T P Chandrasekharan murder", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM, which has so far limited itself to denying its involvement in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, now sees a conspiracy to link the party with the case. The CPM state secretariat, which met here on Tuesday, doubted on whether TP's murder was part of a grand design to cover up the failures of the UDF government.\"There was a serious difference of opinion in the cabinet on the Mullaperiyar empowered committee report. The public outrage against the Union government and the UDF government for their stand on the Italian ship case was also severe. Even the Supreme Court had to ask whether the government was not aware that those who were murdered are Indian citizens,\" said a statement issued by the CPM state secretariat.The statement alleged that the haste shown by ministers and Congress leaders to put the CPM in the dock had strengthened the doubt. \"This murder was gruesome and painful. The party has already demanded an active investigation into the case. The authorities should try to book real culprits and bring them before the law immediately,\" the CPM demanded.But the party was silent on whether TP and his associates were renegades or communists though it took a snipe at the RMP by saying that those who had walked out of the party to form the RMP were led by hunger for power.\"They broke ties with the CPM as the party was not ready to breach an agreement with an LDF constituent for sharing the power in a panchayat,\" said the statement.Equating the RMP with a balloon which has been inflated by the UDF and right wing media, the CPM claimed that a good number of people who had gone with the RMP came back to the party following the patient and cautious moves of the party. \"Everybody was aware that the anti-party group would fail to have an existence soon. What was the need for eliminating Chandrasekharan at this juncture?\" asked the statement.The party also said that praising VS and 'victimizing' Pinarayi Vijayan by the media was a new ploy to rout the party. On the issue of VS's barb against Pinarayi ,sources in the CPM said, the secretariat decided to report it to the central leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159195", "title": "Police arrest wanted car thief Boga in Kamrup district", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acting on a tip off, the Kamrup (rural) police nabbed a car thief Anowar Hussain alias Boga (26) from his house at Haligaon in Bijoynagar under Palasbari police station on Monday night. Hussain was involved in several vehicle theft and burglary cases in the state.Police also arrested another Jabed Khan (25) of Talatali char in Boko in connection to the crime. Police also found one 7.62mm pistol from his possession. However, the pistol did not have any magazine with it.\"It's a big catch. We have wanted to arrest Boga for a long time, but he always managed to escape. He has been involved in inter-state car theft too. He used his gun to scare the vehicle owner, usually shooting one round in the air and then fled with the vehicle. He has a strong network in the Assam-Bengal and Assam-Bhutan border where he sells the stolen cars,\" said a police officer of Palasbari police station.When asked about the pistol, the officer added, \"Boga said that some Bodo men gave him the pistol. We have to check if there is any nexus of criminal gangs and militants too.\" tnnBoga was also arrested by Palasbari police in a similar case in 2009. \"These criminals have now become very powerful. They hire high profile lawyers to get them out of jail. The last time he was produced in court, he furnished documents saying he was a cancer patient. A strong ruling is necessary to put the vehicle lifters behind bars for a longer time. The vehicle lifting business is lucrative and these criminals never leave it,\" said another police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157028", "title": "Monsoon to hit Kerala on June 1: Met office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monsoon is likely to hit the Kerala coast at its normal date by June 1, the Indian Meteorological Department announced on Tuesday.The projection comes with an error level of four days, implying that the exact date of first showers could be within four days of the June 1 date IMD has predicted.The timing of the southwest monsoon is always of as much importance as the subsequent rainfall pattern as it impacts agriculture across the country with farmers planning their season's sowing and working of non-irrigated lands by the monsoon calendar.The IMD said \"monsoon is likely to advance over Andaman Sea slightly later than its normal date\" but noted that past data suggested this would not impact when it rains over India and how much.The IMD had previously predicted that India would enjoy normal monsoons this year even though there is a lingering fear of El Nino effect picking up towards the end of the monsoon season.A more detailed and regional assessment by the Met department in July usually provides a greater insight into the impacts of monsoon. Even in the previous year, while the overall average monsoon across the country was good, several pockets suffered a deficit and drought-like conditions prevailed in some zones that normally enjoy good rains.The regional distribution of monsoon as well as any 'breaks' that the upward movement of the monsoon system suffers is important for planning farming stages in different parts of the country.This time around, the accumulating mountain of grains in government godowns and the likely damage from rainfall to the goods stored in the open is likely to cause greater headache to the states as well as the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159245", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad may unite with regional parties", "text": "GUWAHATI: AGP's Ambari headquarters was abuzz with activity and redolent with the smell of fresh paint on the eve of the ninth triennial general conference which is starting on Wednesday. The party, hoping for a new and aggressive beginning in coming days, is looking to unite with all the regional parties of the northeast to strengthen the base for regionalism.In its first attempt to bring all the regional forces under one roof, the AGP has invited the chef minister of Sikkim , Pawan Kumar Chamling , and the top leaders of the Mizo National Front (MNF) to attend the conference.\"Though Chamling's confirmation is yet to arrive, the MNF leaders have given their consent to grace the occasion. The basic intention of inviting them is to strengthen the bond among the regional forces of the northeastern region. It will help to strengthen the base for regionalism,\" said newly-elected working president Atul Bora (junior).Party sources revealed that MNF leader Zoramthanga, former chief minister of Mizoram, and other leaders are going to be here for the conference.The present AGP president, Chandra Mohan Patowary, will hand over the charge of the party chief to former chief minister Prafulla Mahanta on the concluding day of the conference, May 17, at the District Library auditorium.The outgoing central executive committee is going to sit for the last time on Wednesday at the party office before handing over charge to the new committee the next day.\"The outgoing central executive committee will not only hand over charge but also will give suggestions to the new one. Various political recommendations from the outgoing committee will be sought tomorrow for a new beginning,\" Bora added.The general conference is likely to witness a healthy crowd of over 500 on Thursday. All the newly-elected district committee presidents, officials, central executives, general members have been asked to register their names for the conference by Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13161789", "title": "Apple fixes Siri bug calling Nokia Lumia 'best smartphone'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Apple has fixed a bug that caused personal assistant app Siri to declare that Nokia Lumia 900 was the best smartphone ever.Last week, some users reported that Siri said 'Lumia' when it was questioned about the best smartphone ever, Stuff.co.nz reports.However, Apple has appeared to fix the problem, because after repeated attempts, Siri now only answers with either \"You're kidding, right?\" or \"Wait ... there are other phones?\"Siri uses search engine WolphramAlpha to calculate the best response to any given question.Based on customer reviews from across the web, WolphramAlpha ranked the Nokia Lumia 900 as the \"best\" smartphone currently on offer.Apple's own iPhone 4S , the only model that Siri appears on, did not feature on the WolphramAlpha's list of best smartphones.Despite the fact that the quirk appears to have been resolved, Apple has not publically confirmed that it has altered Siri's response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158471", "title": "Injured Daksh Jaiswal missed exam", "text": "GURGAON: Daksh Jaiswal,19, who was present in the BMW when it rammed a Tata Indigo on May 5, is Suraj's classmate. A BCom (honours) 2nd semester student, Daksh was a \"bright student\", a source said. He resides at Vikrant Enclave, Mayapuri, with his parents.A commerce student, he passed out from Delhi Public School Maruti Kunj, Bhondsi, with 93.75% and got himself a seat in Atma Ram Sanatan Dharma College.Regular in attending classes, his attendance score in internal assessment was 18 out of 25. He couldn't take any of the second semester exams since he was admitted in the ICU of Max Hospital, Gurgaon.Rajesh Jaiswal, his father, said, \"Daksh underwent surgery for multiple facial fractures and is unable to even speak. He is weak and even though he has been discharged, he will not be able to take the last exam - Hindi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157505", "title": "Shinrai Toyota lift Interoffice T20 Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: Shinrai Toyota scored an impressive 79 runs win over Kotak Mahindra in the final of the Interoffice Invitational T20 Cup at the Dr. DY Patil Stadium on Sunday.Brief Scores:Shinrai Toyota 177-8 (Aziz Shaikh 53, Lalit Holebadi 31, Satish Dhule 28; Ajit Singh 3-27) beat Kotak Mahindra 93 in 18.2 overs (Siddharth Karande 35, Ajit Singh 33; Dilesh Devrukhkar 3-4, Girish Kocharekar 3-16, Aziz Shaikh 2-28).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159023", "title": "Woman found dead, hubby and father-in-law held", "text": "KOLKATA: A 32-year-old woman was found dead in her south Kolkata home on Tuesday. Initial probe confirmed unnatural death and police suspect she died after consuming sleeping pills. The victim's husband and father-in-law were arrested after her father lodged a complaint against them with the police.Debanjali Sen, the victim, married V Anand Aiyaar last November. Around 10.30 am on Tuesday, her in-laws found her lying unconscious on her bed and raised an alarm. She was taken to a local hospital where she was declared dead. An empty strip of sleeping pills was found near her body. Police suspect she committed suicide by consuming the pills. No suicide note was found in the room, they said.In the afternoon, Upendra Sen, the woman's father, lodged a complaint at Gariahat police station against her in-laws. Upendra alleged that Debanjali's father-in-law P Venkat Aaiyyar and her husband used to torture her physically and mentally. They would allegedly pressure her for dowry. On the basis of the complaint, police arrested the victim's husband and father-in-law, said a senior police officer.Police said Anand used to work in a garments showroom at Gariahat and now works at a shopping mall in Howrah. Debanjali was a homemaker and originally hailed from Sonarpur in South 24-Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159087", "title": "Air pollution monitoring in Bengal soon on auto mode", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) is setting up automatic air quality monitoring stations at different locations across the state to keep tabs on the rising air pollution levels.\"We will set up 17 such automatic monitors across Bengal. At present, we are selecting suitable sites for the stations,\" WBPCB chairman Binoy Kanti Dutta told TOI. The project is expected to cost Rs 15 crore, say sources.Currently, there are only two automatic air quality monitoring stations - one inside the Victoria Memorial complex and another at Rabindra Bharati University. Besides this, the city has five manual air quality monitoring stations.Kolkata will get more automatic pollution monitors. These stations will also be set up at Bankura, Midnapore, Haldia and different places in North Bengal, Dutta said.Under the revised National Ambient Air Quality Measurement Standards fixed by the Central Pollution Control Board, 12 parameters - sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, two kinds of suspended particulate matters, ozone, lead, carbon monoxide, ammonia, benzene, benzopyrene, arsenic and nickel - need to be measured.The present manual air quality monitoring stations can only measure four to five of these parameters, like suspended particulate matter (SPM), sulphur and nitrogen dioxide. The automatic air quality monitoring stations will be equipped with advanced instruments that can measure several other forms of tiny air particles that do not get caught by instruments used in the manual mode. Till date, WBPCB mainly relied on old manual air quality monitoring stations.WBPCB's daily air quality reports over the last few years show that levels of SPM and respirable particulate matter in Kolkata's atmosphere have crossed the permissible limit. The readings show that air pollution has increased alarmingly in the city and even the suburbs.Busy crossing like Shyambazar, Sealdah and Ultadanga have the worst of it. The pollution gets worse in winter.From this year, the environment department has decided to give awards to organizations or individuals who help keep the city free from plastic and other waste. The department also plans to set up environment kiosks at key locations to update information on the pollution levels of the city.The pollution control board will hold awareness campaigns on June 5 - World Environment Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157552", "title": "Massive shift likely from cotton to soya this year", "text": "NAGPUR: Having burned their fingers in cotton because of crop loss and bad market conditions last year, the cotton cultivation area could shrink this year by 20%. Vidarbha farmers are now preferring the other favourite cash crop - soyabean - this year. Low demand for cotton seeds as well as fertilizers clearly indicates this, agriculture input traders said on Tuesday.Maharashtra traditionally has the largest area under cotton mainly in Vidarbha, Marathwada and some parts of Khandesh. Last year cotton crop area saw a huge jump because of unprecedented rates of Rs 7000 per quintal that ruled in the preceding year. But the last kharif season was a big let down. Prices tumbled to as low as Rs 3500. As a result, income shrunk and farmers could barely recover investment. Now, with costs of fertilizers, pesticides and labour having gone up further, farmers think soyabean offers a better alternative.\"Soyabean needs lesser application of fertilizers and spraying of pesticides, insecticides as compared to cotton. The crop duration is shorter by almost a month compared to cotton and it needs lesser care and labour being a hardy crop,\" explained Bablu Gupta, a farm inputs trader from Yavatmal.What makes it even more attractive is that after a soya crop, a farmer can immediately take up a crop of gram (chana) or groundnut. This is not possible after cotton which is almost a year-long crop in rain-fed lands of the region.Gupta confirmed that demand for cotton is poor this time while it's picking up for soyabean. \"The sowing pattern may differ in every taluka and district. But there are clear indications that cotton crop area may come down by over 20% this time. Making farmers more inclined to soya is the high market prices ruling currently. Soya which got barely Rs 1800 to Rs 2200 a quintal at start if last year climbed steadily and is now commanding between Rs 3500 and Rs 4000,\" said Gupta.Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti's Kishore Tiwari also confirmed that the shift from cotton to soya is decisive this time. \"Normally this shift is of below 10%. But this kharif it could exceed 20%,\" he said. \"There are chances of the total land area under cotton shrinking from 42 lakh hectares of last year to little over 30 lakh hectares this time. Last time farmers found their costing had gone haywire. There was no match between investment, yields and returns. With government's policy flip flops on exports dealing further blows to farmers suffered huge losses. Cotton is likely to be shunned now,\" he added.Tiwari said farmers should also consider taking up food crops and pulses instead of soyabean as the country faces huge shortage in pulses which are met with imports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13160057", "title": "Governor sends back two crucial bills", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat governor Dr Kamla has sent back two crucial bills passed in the last Gujarat state assembly session, indicating a fresh round of confrontation in the making between the Raj Bhawan and the Narendra Modi government.The bills sent back for reconsideration last week are - Gujarat Professional Technical Educational Colleges or Institutions (Regulation of Admission and Fixation of Fees) (Amendment) Bill, 2012, and the Institute of Infrastructure, Technology, Research and Management (IITRM) Bill, 2012.Sources said the governor has raised two sets of objections while rejecting the bill on professional and technical educational institutions. One of them relates to giving a free hand in fee structures to private universities operating in Gujarat -Nirma University, Dhirubhai Ambani Institute for Information and Communication Technology (DAIICT) and Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU).The second one relates to empowering the state government to allow private universities and institutes that do not receive any state grant to admit students only on merit, without any quota for Gujarat board pass-outs , as is the case at present.Both the objections were made on the basis of a Congress representation, it is learnt.While officials in the state education department described the objections raised to the bill as \"largely technical\", sources said the governor was of the view that land has been given at a concessional rate to institutions, and not giving any role to the state was tantamount to making them free of all controls.A senior official said, \"The bill merely provides with an enabling provision. Rules and regulations were to be worked out in future.\" He added, \"The bill was needed, as at present national level institutes are unable to come to Gujarat because the state government rules provide for a very high quota for Gujarati students, especially those who pass out from Gujarat board. With the bill it was expected that national level institutes would make their presence felt in the state.\"As for the second bill, sources said under UGC guidelines, any state-controlled institute should be ensured complete autonomy. However, IITRM did not have any provision that would ensure autonomy. Even the Gujarat governor had no role to play in the appointment of its director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157914", "title": "University teachers to intensify stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers with colleges affiliated to the Mumbai University have been inundated with calls asking them to join work or face action. On Tuesday, the phone calls were backed by notices that stated the government will cut salaries if teachers don't report for evaluation. Teachers, on their part, have decided to do just the contrary: Intensify the strike by not reporting to work on Wednesday.Madhu Paranjpe, secretary of the Bombay University and College Teachers' Union, said that the boycott call for Wednesday to not report to the centralized assessment process (CAP) centres is a call for solidarity. \"While all other universities in the state are allowing the teachers to continue with their strike, the university is threatening teachers and forcing them. Teachers are bombarded with calls asking them to report to CAP centres; especially ones from unaided colleges are being roped in with such measures.\"General secretary of MFUCTO, Tapati Mukhopadhyay, said, \"The ball is in the government's court now. We started the agitation three years ago. They are not fulfilling their commitment. After every discussion with them, the minutes of the meeting turn out to be totally different.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159442", "title": "Missing Kochi doctor was killed in Jharkhand", "text": "KOCHI: The city police have solved the mystery surrounding the disappearance of a homeopathy doctor from Thoppumpaddy two-and-a-half years ago.The cops have found that the doctor was murdered by two persons in Jharkhand and have arrested them.It was in 2009 that Dr K J Antony was reported missing. According to his family members who filed the complaint, the doctor had told them that he was going to Jharkhand to attend a medical conference.The cops found that a woman from Jharkhand was working in the doctor's clinic. The doctor had helped her marry the person with whom she was in love.Cops got a breakthrough in the case when the murderers used the mobile phone of the doctor. According to them, when the doctor reached the railway station at Ranchi, he was picked up by the woman's husband along with his friend. They took him in a taxi to a remote place. After sedating the doctor, they killed him and discarded his body. Meanwhile, the accused started using the mobile phone of the accused and the cyber wing of the Kerala police got the alert when they tracked the IMEI number of the mobile.\"We will be divulging the details of those arrested soon. We nabbed the persons with the help of the Jharkhand police,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158817", "title": "Monsoon may reach Kerala by June 1: IMD", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has said that though the monsoon's arrival in Andaman will be slightly delayed than usual, it is expected to reach Kerala on time that is around June 1.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, P C S Rao, director (weather central), IMD, said, \"The monitoring of monsoon at 14 selected stations in Kerala started from May 10. The observations are being recorded to ascertain the expected time of arrival of monsoon in Bay of Bengal and Kerala.\"Rao said there are a few selected weather parameters that are used to declare the monsoon's arrival in these regions. The parameters include rainfall of over 2.5 mm for at least two consecutive days, presence of strong westerly winds up to a stipulated value and outgoing longwave radiation (OLR).He said that as per the normal timetable, the monsoon is expected to arrive in Bay of Bengal around mid of May. \"It reaches Kerala by May-end. The onset of the southwest monsoon over Kerala signals the arrival of monsoon over the Indian subcontinent and represents the beginning of the rainy season. It reaches Maharashtra around a week after its arrival in Kerala.\"The IMD has been issuing operational forecasts for the monsoon onset over Kerala since 2005 using an indigenously developed statistical model with a model error of \u00b1 4 days. The southwest monsoon normally advances over Andaman sea around May 20 with a standard deviation of about a week.\"The inter-tropical convergence zone is showing signs of organisation and the cross equatorial monsoon flow is expected to appear over Andaman sea within the next few days resulting in increased rainfall activity over the area. The monsoon is likely to advance over Andaman sea slightly later than its normal date but well within one standard deviation,\" said a statement issued by IMD on Tuesday.The statement added that for predicting the onset of 2012 monsoon over Kerala, the IMD has used a model based on principal component regression technique. This model uses six weather parameters. \"The model suggests that the date of onset of southwest monsoon over Kerala is likely to be on June 1 with a model error of \u00b1 4 days,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157871", "title": "Forrest officials beaten up by mining mafia in Ranthambore", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when the state has embarked on a special campaign against illegal mining in the state, there is little that is stopping the mafia from going ahead with their activities even in a sacrosanct place like Ranthambore tiger reserve. The government has undertaken a two-month special drive against illegal mining in the state from April 23.A forest ranger and a forester were recently beaten up by the illegal mining mafia in the core area of the reserve. The duo were halted by a group of villagers and beaten with sticks. They somehow managed to come out of the clutches of the mafia.According to sources, Baler range officer Rajendra Singh Chaudhary and forester Bhratlal Verma visited the area after receiving a tip off on illegal mining activities.\"After reaching the area they found rampant illegal mining in the zone. The area is part of the reserve and falls in the critical tiger habitat. The officers seized two tractors that had been laden with stones and were on their way through the highway when they were halted by a group of villagers,\" said the sources.\"The villagers blocked their way with the help of three bikes and tractors. Thereafter, the officers were beaten with sticks and their uniforms were torn. The officers received injuries in their shoulder and arms and the two seized tractors were taken away from their possession,\" one of the sources added. An FIR has been lodged in this regard at the Bhairanda Kala police station.When contacted, officers of the forest department confirmed the incident. However, they said that mining activities have been stopped at the reserve. \"We have put an end to all mining activities in the reserve with the help of police and the district administration but sometimes these kinds of activities do take place and we are helpless,\" they said.Illegal mining in and around the reserve has been a menace for the forest and the tiger populace in it. Areas such as Uliyana, Badhlav, Mohanpur Padli, Vasso, Bhuri Pahadi, Sukhwas Chhan, Sanwata and Bhernwanda Khurd, located in the core area of the reserve, used to be at the centre of such activities in the past.According to conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch, \"The Baler range is very important for future tiger population in Ranthambhore. If we want the existing cubs to survive we have to support the forest staff and motivate them to work fearlessly on ground.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13159805", "title": "It\u2019s a remedy for gridlocks: Residents", "text": "LUDHIANA: Commuting even long distances could be a breeze if there's a proper public transport system. With this perception, the civic officials toyed with the idea of plying AC buses in the city two years back.Since then, residents have been waiting to hop onto them. Sadly, travelling in such buses within the city continues to be a far-fetched dream for them.When the service was mooted, it left them excited and enthused. They felt the plan would remedy the growing problem of traffic congestion and pollution. Today, the exasperated residents blame the lax and inept civic authorities for their failure to launch the service. With vehicles booming, there has been space crunch and utter chaos on the city roads. It has aggravated traffic woes for the locals. A good public transport medium could help people to commute from one corner of the city to another without any struggle and hardship.Residents rue that earlier only autorickshaws used to ply on the city roads and now there is a non-AC bus service. But in summers, AC buses can make one's journey comfortable, they say.Pitching hard for AC bus service, a businessman and resident of Dugri Amandeep Singh said, \"Civic authorities mouth rhetorics about metro rail service but they have no idea when it would hit off. They should immediately start AC buses on all the main routes so that people could catch them from their nearest bus stops. It would bring a huge relief to commuters who lose precious time in travelling.\" He added that the buses would also reduce traffic jams. If more and more people use the bus service, lot of fuel will be saved and air pollution will see a substantial dip, Singh pointed out.Echoing similar sentiments, a student and resident of Model Town Taran Kaur said, \"In Chandigarh, there is a good network of local buses and charges for travelling in AC buses is nominal. It would be great is such a service is started in Ludhiana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13159942", "title": "Bishop Chakkalakal moves to Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kannur bishop Rev Dr Varghese Chakkalakal has been appointed as the bishop of the diocese of Calicut by Pope Benedict XVI on Tuesday.The message from Apostolic Nuncio to India Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio was read out at the Bishop House here by Monsignor Vincent Arackal, administrator of the diocese of Calicut, in the presence of priests, nuns, pastoral council members, members of the college of consulters and parish representatives.A similar announcement was simultaneously made in Vatican. Varghese Chakkalakal (59) will also continue as the apostolic administrator of Kannur diocese till a replacement is made.Varghese Chakkalakal was ordained as a priest for the Diocese of Calicut on April 2, 1981 and was ordained bishop of Kannur on February 07, 1999 when the diocese of Kannur was created by bifurcating the Diocese of Calicut.Varghese Chakkalakkal is the secretary general of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India (CCBI).The diocese of Calicut did not have a bishop for the last one year after bishop Joseph Kalathiparambil left to serve as secretary of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants at Vatican on May 1, 2011.The function was presided over by Rt Rev Dr Maxwell Noronha, former bishop of Calicut.Fr Jerome Chingathara, chancellor of the Calicut diocese, also spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13159481", "title": "Two get jail term for rape bid", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge BM Tripathi, on Tuesday, convicted two youth named as Manoj alias Nagendra and Gulab for attempting to rape a girl which forced her to commit suicide and punished them with five years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 6,000 each.The sentenced youth, residents of Laxmipurwa villager in Bidhanoo, had made an abortive attempt to rape the daughter of a fellow villager. The girl raised an alarm when they had tried to overpower her in an agriculture field in the morning on June 6, 2006. The two managed to escape.The girl was so depressed due to incident that she committed suicide in her house on the same day.The police had arrested the youth and charged them under Section 354 and 306 IPC.MEd entrance exam: The Kotwali police on Tuesday arrested a person from Christ Church College while he was appearing in the MEd entrance examination in place of another candidate.Manoj Tiwari, a native of Allahabad had come to appear in the examination in place of Guddu Singh, the actual aspirant. When the credentials of students were being checked, Manoj was nabbed by room invigilator Dharam Singh.During questioning, Manoj had admitted that he had struck a deal with Guddu for appearing in his place. He was to be paid Rs 15,000. Further investigations are on.Orders to remove encroachments: The permanent lok adalat on Tuesday ordered the municipal commissioner to remove encroachments and restore normal traffic in front of the house of complainant Baldev Raj Sahdev in Harjindar Nagar.Permanent lok adalat president GC Awasthi and members Rakesh Bhargava and Asha Singh directed the municipal commissioner to take permanent steps so that encroachments do not take place.The complainant had claimed that shanty shop owners and vegetable sellers were using the link road connecting his house to main road as vegetable market. During peak time some shanty shops of edibles such as egg and namkeen are also established. The shopkeepers use LPG cylinders which might cause accidents. They throw rotten edibles and vegetables before leaving the place. Due to it, traffic on the road gets badly disturbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157973", "title": "Hike in tax on petrol, diesel cars to be discussed today", "text": "MUMBAI: An ordinance to increase tax on petrol and diesel cars sold in the state and offering concessions in tax for CNG cars is expected to be discussed at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday.The tax rate on diesel cars and jeeps is proposed to be increased by 4%, while for petrol vehicles, it will rise by 2%. Whereas, in a bid to encourage CNG vehicles, which are more environment friendly, the state government plans to lower the tax rate by 2%. State finance minister Ajit Pawar had announced these measures in the budget document in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156614", "title": "Will life term now mean 30 years in jail?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasingly reluctant to award death penalty even in the \"rarest of rare cases\" involving unspeakable brutality, the judiciary appears to be gradually enhancing the spell of life term to not less than 30 years in order to meet society's cry for adequate punishment for heinous crimes.Those sentenced for life, strictly speaking, are supposed to spend their remaining years behind bars. In practice, however, life imprisonment means incarceration for 14 years when lifers become entitled to remission of the rest of the sentence as per Prison Manual provisions.That might change as the apex court seeks to balance the growing judicial aversion towards imposing death sentences with the need to deter heinous crimes. In potentially trendsetting verdicts, an SC bench of Justices B S Chauhan and F M I Kalifulla set the 30-year imprisonment benchmark for two accused - a father who raped and killed his four-year-old daughter and the other who brutally killed his girlfriend after she refused to abort her pregnancy.Justice Chauhan wrote the judgment for the bench in punishing the father while Justice Kalifulla imposed the 30-year prison term on the boy who killed his girlfriend for her refusal to abort the fetus after having lured her away to Haridwar with the promise to marry her.The common thread in the two judgments separated by three days, one on May 8 and the other on May 11, was the well-settled principle \"life sentence is the rule and death is an exception\", and that the application of \"rarest of rare case\" principle differed from case to case.In the May 8 judgment awarding 30-year jail term to the accused father, Justice Chauhan said, \"We are of the considered opinion that the case does not fall within the rarest of rare cases. However, considering the nature of offence, age and relationship of the victim with the appellant and gravity of injuries caused to her, appellant cannot be awarded a lenient punishment. Thus, in the facts and circumstances of the case, we set aside the death sentence and award life imprisonment. The appellant must serve a minimum of 30 years in jail without remission, before consideration of his case for premature release.\"In the May 11 judgment, Justice Kalifulla explained that the \"rarest of rare case\" principle could be applied in a \"deliberately planned crime, executed meticulously in a diabolic manner, exhibiting inhuman conduct in a ghastly manner touching the conscience of everyone, thereby disturbing the moral fiber of society\", which would call for imposition of capital punishment in order to ensure that it acted as a deterrent.The bench of Justices Chauhan and Kalifulla was convinced that the boyfriend, Sandeep, deserved no leniency given the manner in which the young woman became a victim of the \"avaricious conduct and lust\" of the appellant and the manner in which her life was snatched away by causing multiple injuries all over her body with all kinds of weapons.The bench said, \"Imposition of death penalty to the accused Sandeep was not warranted and while awarding life imprisonment, we hold that accused Sandeep must serve a minimum of 30 years in jail without remission before consideration of his case for premature release.\"In the Swami Shraddhanand case, the apex court had set aside the death penalty but ordered that the accused would remain in prison till the end of his life. There are other instances where the court has specified that the accused must spend at least 20 years in prison before being entitled for remission.But these two consecutive judgments asking the accused to spend a mandatory 30 years in prison has set the bar up in murder cases where the court awards life sentence while setting aside death penalty given to him by the trial court and upheld by the high court.Times ViewThe world over, the trend is towards abolishing the death penalty. We have advocated that India too should move in that direction, except in cases of crimes like terrorism. What complicates the debate, however, is the fact that a life sentence in India has more often than not actually meant 14 years. We have consistently argued that life must mean life. Where the courts feel 14 years is sufficient punishment for a crime, they should spell it out as a 14-year sentence. And life sentences should mean imprisonment till death. That would strengthen the case for doing away with the death penalty without seriously harming the idea of punishment as deterrent. Seen in this context, the move from 14 years to 30 years is a step in the right direction, but perhaps not enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156793", "title": "Raja released to royal reception but could face fresh graft charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Raja, former telecom minister and alleged author of the 2G scam, stepped out of Tihar jail after over 15 months to a rousing reception by his family and supporters. But the joy could be short-lived.The revelry coincided with indications that CBI is already homing in on Raja in a fresh case of corruption arising from the spectrum scam. The agency recently approached the special court to probe a suspicious transfer of approximately Rs 250 crore to the tax haven of the Isle of Man. The money was allegedly transferred by Unitech Wireless, one of the alleged beneficiaries of the spectrum scam.Sources in the agency said the fund transfer, which is also being looked into by the Enforcement Directorate, took place in December 2007 - around the time Unitech Wireless got a 2G licence from Raja - and suspect that it could be meant for him. This could spell complications for the former telecom minister.However, on Tuesday, Raja's supporters were in festive spirit. Special CBI judge O P Saini invoked the ground of parity, stressing that all other accused in the case had been released, as he overruled CBI objections to grant bail to Raja who was arrested on February 1 last year.\"Further detention of the accused would not serve any purpose,\" ruled judge Saini, triggering celebrations among family members of Raja and his DMK colleagues who had packed the court room.Unfazed by his status as the alleged mastermind of the biggest swindle in the country's history, relatives and friends raised \"Long Live Raja\" slogans.The judge did not seem impressed by CBI's argument that Raja, if released, could tamper with evidence. He took into account the agency's fear that Raja's release could deter prosecution witnesses, many of them from Tamil Nadu, from deposing freely, but held that it could be addressed by requiring Raja not to visit Tamil Nadu or the Department of Telecom without the court's permission.The party shifted to outside the maximum security Tihar Jail complex in the evening, with the bursting of firecrackers by Raja's supporters who had arrived from Tamil Nadu and were carrying DMK flags.DMK MPs were present in what marked an emphatic public display of the party's resolve to tough out the legal fallout of the 2G scam in which party boss M Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi is among the main accused.How 2G case stands*It took CBI almost three years after the probe began to arrest \"mastermind\" A Raja, his aides and alleged beneficiaries. Now, the agency claims investigations are still on and it is examining a fresh case against Raja. The 14 accused in the case are out on bail.*So far, 42 CBI witnesses have been deposed before the court. CBI's star witnesses like Raja's ex-private secretary Aseervartham Achary, former telecom secretary D S Mathur and ex-TRAI chairman Nripendra Mishra have been examined.*The agency is probing money transfers, including approximately $51 million (Rs 250 crore) by Unitech Group to a tax haven, Isle of Man. It recently moved CBI court to probe this transaction and has been given the permission to do so.*The agency is also waiting for reply of Letter Rogatories from few countries, including Switzerland.Status of Dramatis PersonaeA Raja : The four-time MP was in jail for 15 months. A chargesheet has been filed against him. A joint investigation report by CBI and and Enforcement Directorate has alleged Raja could have received around Rs 3,000 crore as bribe. The agencies also believe that he used bank accounts under his wife's name in Mauritius and Seychelles.Kanimozhi : Daughter of DMK chief M Karunanidhi and a RS MP, she was arrested by CBI as she was allegedly the \"active brain\" behind the operations of Kalaignar TV, the channel used for transfer of Raja's bribe money. A Rs 200-crore money transfer has been traced. She is out on bail.Siddharth Behura : Ex-telecom secretary. He allegedly conspired with Raja and others, and when the application deadline for 2G licences was reached, he shut counters to physically block other telecom companies. Out on bail.R K Chandolia : Raja's private secretary, allegedly conspired with his boss in favouring few private firms in getting the licenses. Out on bail.Sanjay Chandra of Unitech Group : He was chargesheeted by CBI for causing criminal breach of trust, criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery for taking favours from Raja, during allocation of 2G spectrum licences. He was arrested on April 20, 2011, and granted bail in November. The trial against him is on.Gautam Doshi : Group MD, Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, was also charged under same sections. He was arrested on April 20, 2011, and granted bail on November 24. The trial is on.Hari Nair : Senior VP of Reliance ADAG is charged under criminal conspiracy, cheating, forgery, criminal breach of trust and corruption Act. Arrested on April 20, 2011, and granted bail on November 24. The trial is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159458", "title": "Double-meaning soft-drink advertisement irks minister", "text": "BHOPAL: A soft-drinks commercial being telecast on television has left Madhya Pradesh minister for commerce and industries Kailash Vijayavargiya red-faced at home and furious outside. The jingle in the commercial annoyed the minister so much that he immediately wrote a letter to the Union minister for information and broadcasting Ambika Soni asking her ``to stop the telecast of the controversial ad.''Soon after he dispatched the letter to the I&B; ministry on Monday evening, Vijayavargiya also informed his party higher-ups about his objection to the jingle and the ad. The minister said that he was assured by the BJP central leadership that the matter would be taken up at an appropriate platform.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, the minister said: \"Those who coined that jingle in the commercial just didn't know how to mind their language. The jingle has an obnoxious double meaning and is a direct humiliation targeting women. How can a young boy watch that ad in front of his sister or mother? I am surprised at the kind of culture shock that some of these commercials are dishing out to us every day.''Kailash Vijayavargiya was objecting to the soft-drinks commercial where a youth on a motorbike wants to pick-up a beautiful girl from a bus stop. The young man is about to ask the girl if he could give her a lift home when another youth comes in the way driving a luxury car. It is the jingle in the background, Isko kaise jhelu mein.....'' and the next line which has left the BJP minister offended.\"Progressive India is not about item numbers and abusive language. But that is what the new face of the country will be if we don't regulate these tendencies now. We are still a nation based on the fundamentals of family values. You can't even watch the news channels without these kinds of commercials popping-up during the breaks. Whenever I sit to watch TV with my family, I have to keep switching channels to avoid the embarrassment in front of the children,'' he claimed.In his letter to Union minister Ambika Soni, the minister wrote: ``I want to bring to your attention that a cold drink ...is telecasting an offensive and objectionable ad which is telecast practically in every television channel. The jingle of this ad has objectionable and offensive wordings. The words are so bad and unpleasant that it cannot be mentioned in the letter. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159592", "title": "More cops to regulate city traffic", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Tuesday decided to create two new traffic police stations in the state capital to regulate the increasing traffic. A proposal to this effect, moved by the home department, was approved at the cabinet meeting held here.At present, the city has only one traffic police station - the Gandhi Maidan traffic police station. The new police stations would be known as Bypass and Saguna Mor traffic police stations. The cabinet also approved creation of 16 new posts in each of the two police stations - one of police inspector-cum-officer-in-charge, six of sub-inspectors, six of assistant sub-inspectors and three of wireless operators.In another important decision, the cabinet revised the guiding principles of the Chief Minister Area Development Scheme (CMADS), the new avatar of MLAs' Local Area Development Scheme, implemented last year, to allot Rs 1 crore to the constituency of a legislator. The planning and development department's proposal in this regard was okayed with the objective of expeditious execution of projects undertaken under the scheme, said the cabinet coordination department's principal secretary, Ravikant.Hitherto, funds were allotted on the basis of many criteria, including necessity, utility and feasibility of the particular project as well as population of the area concerned.He said that now on, there would be some untied fund under the scheme from which some necessary projects could be taken up after the approval of the chief minister. Moreover, from now on, the planning and development department would not have to take the cabinet's nod if it required any amendments to the guiding principles of the scheme in future. The department has been empowered to make necessary amendments to the guidelines, but only after the CM's approval. Ravikant said the amended provisions would expedite execution of the projects.The cabinet approved a revenue and land reforms department's proposal to spend a sum of over Rs 578 crore in the next three years for computerization and updating of land records in all 38 districts of the state.It also gave its nod to observe Bihar's first Premier Mohammad Yunus's birthday as 'state function' every year on May 4. As per another decision, the Jehanabad sadar hospital would now be known as Shaheed Jagdeo Prasad Sadar Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159429", "title": "Govt likely to move Lokpal Bill afresh on May 21", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may move the Lokpal bill afresh on May 21 after agreeing to incorporate amendments dropping a clause prescribing composition of state-level lokayuktas and reviewing the provisions dealing with removing the anti-corruption ombudsman.Sources said the provisions dealing with removal of a Lokpal that state the procedure can be initiated by 100 MPs signing on a petition have been changed. However, differences with the Opposition remain on control of CBI and composition of the selection panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159204", "title": "Kolkata trader held for pay order fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police on Tuesday arrested a north Kolkata businessman for attempted forgery. Ajay Bothra, the accused who claimed to be dealing in export-import trade, allegedly tried to dupe Sonali Bank - the state-owned leading commercial bank of Bangladesh - of Rs 97 lakh by producing a forged pay order.Cops said they got a call on Tuesday morning from the bank's Park Street branch after Bothra reportedly produced a pay order issued by its Dhaka branch. It asked any branch of the bank to pay Rs 97 lakh to the bearer of the pay order.Bothra introduced himself as an exporter and claimed that the receiver of goods he had exported to Bangladesh had paid him through the pay order. Initially, the banker had no reason to suspect as the pay order looked genuine. But two words - rupees and Dhaka - raised suspicion among the bankers. \"In order to pay in foreign currency, the bank generally mentions dollars, pounds or euros. For payment in India, they pay in their own currency,\" said an investigating officer after speaking to the bankers. Officials of the bank were also taken aback to see Dhaka branch written on the pay order as the bank has no such branch.Police then examined the document and asked the banker to contact their head office and get a photo or scanned copy of the pay order to verify the document. After receiving the document, police found several discrepancies between the two copies and detained Bothra. Later, he confessed that he had produced a fake pay order. Police are now probing how he had obtained the fake pay order. \"We are probing whether there is any organized racket behind the forgery,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158597", "title": "Delhi high court: Distant kin can also be donors Organ Transplant", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a ruling that will reduce the wait of patients in need of organ transplants, the Delhi high court has said that a donor need not be a close relative of the patient.\"Commercial transactions are prohibited in the giving and taking of organs. However, donations offered out of love and affection - even among those who are not near relatives - are permitted,\" Justice Vipin Sanghi observed in his verdict. He allowed the plea of a 58-year-old woman Parveen Begum, waiting for a kidney transplant since last June, to go ahead with the surgery with the organ donated by her distant niece Israt. An authorization committee of Sir Ganga Ram Hospital had refused permission for the donation suspecting it to be a commercial transaction since the donor and receiver were not near relatives.\"The Act (regulating organ transplant) recognizes two of the greatest human virtues of love and sacrifice and also the fact that such intense love and affection need not necessarily be felt for one's own blood or spouse but could also extend to those not so closely related, or for those not related at all,\" HC pointed out, quashing the order of the authorisation committee for human organ transplant at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital (SGRH) and the appellate authority, the director general of health services, which had rejected Begum's plea.\"The driving force behind the decision of the niece to donate one of her kidneys to Begum clearly is her sense of love, affection and gratitude, and is not commercial gain,\" the court concluded. HC opined mere existence of disparity in the income of the donor and the recipient could not have been a reason to reject the plea.Observing that Begum has been in need of kidney replacement since June 2011, and as the joint application seeking the authorisation committee's approval was submitted in August 2011, the court agreed with contention of Begum's lawyer Vikas Pahwa that over this period of time, her condition has only deteriorated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158680", "title": "Spot-fixing: Brief profiles of the five suspended players", "text": "TP SudhindraAge: 28Teams: Hyderabad (IPL), Delhi Giants (ICL), ICL India XI, Madhya PradeshRight-arm medium-pacer Sudhindra made his first-class debut in 2005 for MP. In 2010, he came back into the BCCI fold, like many others. Last season, he was the top wicket-taker in the Ranji Trophy with 40 wickets.Charge: Pictures taken by a hidden camera shows Sudhindra bowling a deliberate no-ball for Rs 50,000 in a local T20 game in Indore. On camera, he agreed to negotiate with other IPL teams, which is not allowed.Shalabh SrivastavaAge: 30Teams: Punjab (IPL), Delhi Giants (ICL), UPLeft-arm seamer Srivastava made his first-class debut in 1999 for UP. He was the third-highest wicket-taker in the 2000 U-19 World Cup in Sri Lanka, which India won. He was signed by Team Punjab in 2011.Charge: A sting shows him agreeing to bowl a deliberate no-ball for Rs 10 lakh in the IPL and agreeing to negotiate with other teams.Mohnish MishraAge: 28Teams: Pune (IPL), Hyderabad (IPL), Delhi Giants (ICL), MPMiddle-order batsman Mishra made his debut in the 2000-01 season. After ICL folded, he was signed by Team Hyderabad in 2010 and moved to Team Pune in 2011. Smashed Muttiah Muralitharan around in a game to give Pune a rare victory in that IPL season. Stroked 543 runs in 2009-10 in the Plate league to help MP make it to the Elite League in Ranji Trophy.Charge: In the TV footage, he is shown as saying he received under-the-table payments much above his contracted fee.Amit YadavAge: 22Teams: Goa, Punjab (IPL)This right-handed batsman and off-spinner made his debut in Nov 2009 for Goa. He has played 14 first-class matches, scoring three half centuries and taking 41 wickets at 23.75. Yadav is on Team Punjab's roster but hasn't made his IPL debut yet.Charge: Agreeing to negotiate with other teams.Abhinav BaliAge: 26Teams: Delhi, Delhi Giants (ICL)Left-arm spinner Bali has played 13 first class matches and is currently not in any IPL team. Made his first-class debut in Nov 2004 for Delhi.Charge: Shown in the TV footage as saying that such deals are common in the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159547", "title": "Now, India to roll out vaccine against Rubella", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will for the first time introduce a vaccine against Rubella - a viral disease that infects pregnant women and leads to babies being born with cardiac, cerebral, ophthalmic and auditory defects.The Union health ministry so far believed that the disease, also called German Measles , did not affect Indians. Now, the ministry estimates that around 30,000 abnormal children are being born annually because of Rubella. Many experts, however, say the accurate figure would be around two lakh babies.The ministry has decided to introduce a combination vaccine that will protect children against both measles and Rubella in its national immunization programme. Both pregnant women and children will be vaccinated with it.\"We have finalized the plan to introduce the vaccine against Rubella. Till now, most cases of Rubella got wrongly labeled as measles because both the diseases have similar symptoms and manifestations. We will roll out the vaccine from June. It won't even cost a lot. While a single dose measles vaccine costs around Rs 4, a combo with both measles and Rubella will cost around Rs 9,\" said a ministry official.He added, \"If we start with vaccinating young children, the virus takes refuge by attacking adult population. Hence, we plan to vaccinate both adults - children and girls in child bearing age. The National Technical Advisory Group of Immunization (NTAGI) approved the introduction of a Rubella vaccine in its last meeting.\"The ministry says Rubella primarily affects the fetus if the mother is infected in the first three months of pregnancy.All women in the childbearing age are at risk of developing Rubella. Experts say, if a woman gets Rubella in the early months of her pregnancy, there is an 80% chance that her baby will be born deaf or blind, with a damaged heart or small brain, or mentally retarded. This is called Congenital Rubella Syndrome (CRS).Miscarriages are also common among women who get Rubella, while they are pregnant.The virus may affect all organs and cause a variety of congenital defects. Infection may lead to fetal death, spontaneous abortion or premature delivery.Usually, Rubella virus strikes in winter and spring and causes a slight fever, a rash on the face and neck, and (when teenagers or adults get the disease) swollen glands in the back of the neck and arthritis-like symptoms in the joints. It is spread from person to person through the air, by coughing, sneezing or breathing. The incubation period of rubella is 14 days, with a range of 12-23 days.The greatest danger from Rubella is to unborn babies. Many mothers, who contract Rubella within the first critical trimester either have a miscarriage or a stillborn baby.\"Reports from different parts of India highlight the existence of Rubella leading to fetal malformations and wastage. However, the need for routine immunization to control Rubella has not been duly recognized. Our latest studies show high prevalence of Rubella infections, and has pushed the need to protect susceptible women in reproductive age group,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158815", "title": "Two arrested for fake abduction", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested two men from Vellore, who claimed to have kidnapped a mason's son and demanded a ransom of Rs 5 lakh for his release, in Abiramapuram on Monday night.Shiva and Rajesh made the ransom call to 11-year-old E Dinesh's father after seeing a missing poster with the boy's picture in a railway station in the city.The boy's father, Ezhumalai, received a call from Shiva and Rajesh on May 10,\" an officer said. \"They claimed to have kidnapped Dinesh and a demanded a ransom of Rs 5 lakh, but later settled for a sum of Rs 20,000.\"Investigating officers tracked the men by the calls made from the cellphone. They soon found that the two men had pretended to be Dinesh's abductors because they thought they could extort money from Ezhumalai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13158279", "title": "Rumdamol locals decry construction in village", "text": "MARGAO: Local residents from Rumdamol decided to call upon the South Goa district collector regarding a controversial construction in Rumdamol which they allege is being used to set up a madrasa after the panchayat elections.Residents were upset after the Margao Municipal Council inspection team turned up for the scheduled site inspection, but did not conduct it after they realized that Rumdamol-Davorlim panchayat was not in their jurisdiction. Sources confirmed that the South Goa district collectorate inadvertently dispatched the complaint of the local residents to the MMC who in turn had issued a show-cause notice and set the inspection date for Tuesday.South Goa district collectorate officials further stated that the matter would be looked into after the panchayat elections and that the inspection would take place accordingly. Locals allege that while permission was given to construct two shops, the same premises is to be used to house a madrasa and allege that the panchayat has looked the other way as the construction benefits acting sarpanch Badshah Zari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13158981", "title": "Stir continues for clean, uninterrupted flow of Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The struggle against the reduced flow and pollution in the holy Ganga is increasing.The people associated with Ganga Seva Abhiyanam assembled at different points and highlighted the significance of the river for three hours on Tuesday. Devi Purnambha on a fast unto death was admitted to a hospital on Monday evening.Devi Shardamba is the fifth Ganga warrior who went on a fast unto death. Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist GD Agrawal), Ganga Premi Bhikshu, Brahmachari Krishnpriyanand and Devi Purnambha were sent to the hospital one by one by the district administration.Ganga tapasya would continue till the Central government awakes from its slumber, Swami Avimukteshwaranad Saraswati, convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, said. The main demand is uninterrupted and clean flow of Ganga right from its source. \"We can't imagine life without Ganga,\" he said.It may be mentioned here that the then environment minister Jairam Ramesh told Lok Sabha in August 2009 that Ganga and Yamuna are not clean as the two rivers were 20 years ago despite investment of Rs 1,700 crore. During his visit to the city in December 2009, he had also said that the Gangetic civilization would not be allowed to be known as the civilization of tunnel. But, there is no improvement in the situation , though the MPs belonging to most of political parties raised the plight of the holy river during a discussion in the Parliament on Monday.eanwhile, showing determination to wage a long battle, different social and cultural organisations extending support to Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, recited bhajans in over 25 localities of the city. Devi Shardamba continued 'tapasya' at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13159083", "title": "Transgenders extend support to Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: Days after mutts and religious outfits formed a 'Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee' demanding the removal of self-styled godman Nithyananda from the ancient Saivite mutt, a 'Madurai Adheenam Protection Committee', has been formed by the newly-appointed pontiff to counter the former.Meanwhile, Nithyananda got a shot in the arm as a group of transgenders led by Bharathi Kannamma visited the Madurai adheenam premises and extended their support to the godman due to the controversy over his appointment. Nithyananda said that in future transgenders would be incorporated into the functioning of the mutt.\"This committee would fight against all forces geared up to demean the Adheenam. The committee would also stage protests against the so-called retrieval committee,\" Nithyananda told reporters in Madurai on Tuesday. Nithyananda also warned that he would initiate legal action against those who signed in the \"defamatory\" resolutions adopted at the conference by the retrieval committee held on Sunday. The protection committee comprises 40 Hindu outfits, Nithyananda claimed.Slamming the members of the retrieval committee for staging protests demanding his removal and allegedly terming him as a transgender, Nithyananda said that the state government should take legal action against them as they have not only denigrated him but the entire transgender community.\"A private television channel was spreading derogatory information as news about the mutt and the women devotees. I would sue that channel,\" he warned.Later in the day, a group of Nithyananda devotees visited the district collectorate and submitted a petition to collector U Sagayam seeking protection for the mutt. Senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar said that since they were facing threats from certain forces, they wanted protection from armed policemen.Meanwhile, the police arrested a 61-year-old man identified as Hariram of Anna Nagar for allegedly hurling slippers at the members of the retrieval committee on Sunday last. Hariram's son, Muthukrishnan was also accused of hurling the slippers when those opposed to Nithyananda attempted to gain entry into the mutt premises to perform poojas for Thirugnanasambar.It may be recalled that the self-styled godman had landed in controversy after a video footage purportedly showing him in a compromising position with an actress was telecast by local TV channels in March 2010. He was arrested on April 21 from Solan in Himachal Pradesh and granted bail on June 11 the same year by the Karnataka high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160256", "title": "20, 000 students to miss Physics exam", "text": "HYDERABAD: About 20,000 Inter second year students will miss the much-awaited Physics advanced supplementary exam on Wednesday in spite of their having paid the fee to the officials of their colleges before the due date. The problem surfaced on the eve of the examination as several college managements did not remit the fee collected from students to the Board of Intermediate Education (BIE). The last date for fee payment to BIE was May 4. A total of 3.17 lakh students, including 1.62 lakh who failed in the paper, will appear for the examination on Wednesday.The state government is conducting the supplementary examination for the benefit of students who failed or scored low in the Physics paper. About 31% students (4.18 lakh) failed in the Physics paper. Succumbing to the mounting pressure from students and parents, the government announced the test date as May 16 instead of May 23 so that students did not miss out on crucial admission tests including Eamcet and BITSAT (Bits Pilani). On Tuesday, however, thousands of students were left out in the cold when they did not receive their hall tickets. BIE officials maintained that they could not issue hall tickets without receiving the requisite exam fee from students. BIE officials said that the college managements were responsible for the goof-up.As many as 20 private junior colleges and some government colleges in the state are now in the line of fire for not remitting the fee on time. For instance, 332 government college students from East Godavari and Khammam districts will miss the examination on Wednesday. \"Students have already paid the fee on time and it is not their fault that the managements failed to remit the same to BIE. The board should understand the situation and allow the students to write the exams or conduct a separate test,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy , general secretary, AP Government Junior College Lecturers' Association.When asked whether the BIE will take action against the erring colleges , officials said that if students and parents gave a written complaint with proof of payment of fee to colleges , the board would look into the matter. A total of 12.40 lakh students from both first and second years have applied to write the advanced supplementary examinations beginning from Wednesday.Issue hall tickets, BIE toldMaking it clear to the BIE authorities that they should not make students scapegoats for the mistakes done by college managements, Justice B Chandra Kumar of the AP HC on Monday directed them to issue hall tickets to all the students who paid their exam fee. The judge delivered this order after hearing a house motion moved by several parents and students who told the judge that though they paid their fee on time, colleges failed to remit the same to the Inter board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13159797", "title": "Ludhiana will still have to wait for AC buses", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a case of much ado about nothing. The municipal corporation (MC) had made much noise two years ago over launch of AC bus service, but till now it has failed to roar on the city roads, leaving residents high and dry.Even as the civic authorities plan to extend the city bus service - which has non-AC buses - to a third route, there too AC buses will give Ludhianvis a miss.The last two years have seen MC making umpteen plans, but none taking shape. It had first announced to start the service with AC buses in February 2010 after getting permission from the high court for launching 200 diesel-run buses. And since then, the officials have been scouting for a bus manufacturing company for supplying these. Though it was announced that 40 AC buses would be launched, the city got only non-AC buses in December 2011. In March, too, tenders for AC buses were floated, but as only one company showed interest, all plans came to a naught. Now, officials will conduct a meeting on May 17 wherein they claim that a final call will be taken.Till now, non-AC buses have been plying from bus stand till Jalandhar by-pass chowk and Ferozepur octroi post. Now, services are likely to be extended till Dholewal chowk.On AC bus service, MC joint commissioner A S Sekhon said, ''First, there were some technical reasons due to which the contract of a company was cancelled and then, we got no response from bus manufacturing companies, which further delayed the launch of AC buses. A meeting will be conducted on May 17 wherein we hope to take a final decision.''The residents, however, want the ''cool'' ride be launched at the earliest. ''It is surprising that in the industrial hub of north India, the MC has failed to launch AC buses. The occupancy in non-AC buses is good. If residents get AC facilities, they will definitely lap it up. The authorities should expedite their launch,'' said Harjot Singh, a businessman and resident of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157955", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation tax inspector lands in anti-corruption bureau net", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC tax inspector Shrikant Bhagde and tax collector Sheshrao Mandre of Dharampeth zone office were caught red-handed by anti-corruption bureau (ACB) Nagpur team at their office while accepting Rs 2,000 bribe from a complainant for issuing a rectified document of reduced property tax.A team headed by police inspector Raju Bahadure and three police personnel set the trap at the zone office on Tuesday afternoon.Bagde is a resident of Indraprasth Nagar while Mandre is a resident of Sadbhavana Nagar in Manewada. ACB SP Sandeep Diwan said the cops have searched their residence but did not find any illegal documents or property papers.The police said that complainant Rahul Dharpure, who owns a liquor bar, had constructed a house in Dabha area. NMC officials had claimed property tax of Rs 25,000 from him. To reduce the tax, Dharpure, a resident of Kalmeshwar, approached Bagde to get a rectified document of reduced property tax. Bagde demanded a bribe to do the work. Dharpure said that initially Bagde had demanded Rs 7,500 but after bargaining, he fixed the deal at Rs 5,500.Police said that a fortnight ago Dharpure gave Rs 3,000 to Bagde to start the work. He also promised Bagde to give the remaining amount within a few weeks.However, Bagde refused to start the work and demanded remaining Rs 2,000 soon. Dharpure then approached ACB Nagpur and as per the cop's plan, he went to Bagde's office with the money.Police said that the marked money was recovered from Bagde immediately. The finger prints on the cash were also subjected to chemical test and yielded positive result. Bagde and Mandre planned to distribute the bribe equally, said police.ACB Dy SP Avinash Karmarkar said that more senior officials are suspected to be involved in such corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13158552", "title": "Odisha burns at 40-45 degrees Celsius", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Blistering heat continued to lash Odisha on Tuesday with the mercury hovering around 44 degree mark in several regions of the state. Normal life has come to a standstill due to the sweltering heat, especially in western Odisha. Met office ruled out any respite, predicting the weather pattern to continue for at least the next few days.The mercury touched 45 degrees Celsius in the industrial town of Talcher, while Titilagarh recorded 44.5 degrees Celsius, about five degrees above, and Sonepur boiled at 44.4 degrees Celsius. At least 10 places in the state recorded temperatures over 42 degrees Celsius, with frequent power cuts and water scarcity adding to people's woes, especially in rural areas.The state capital fared slightly better at a maximum temperature of 40.1 degrees Celsius, about three degrees above normal, and a minimum temperature of 27.1 degrees Celsius. However, the humidity level at a maximum of 45 to 50% added to the discomfort.\"As per meteorological conditions, the state is not experiencing a heat wave yet. However, the intense heat conditions will prevail over the next couple of days with high humidity levels. Though the temperature is not increasing in many parts, it has become very uncomfortable for people,\" said Bhubaneswar Met office director S C Sahu.Bhubaneswar wore a deserted look at day time on Tuesday with most people preferring to remain indoors to escape the scorching heat. People could be seen parking their vehicles on roadsides and standing under trees to get some respite from the unrelenting sun. Fans and coolers proved useless to keep out the sweat due to high level of humidity. People thronged stalls selling cold drinks and fruit juice in a desperate attempt to cool off.Roadside vendors, traffic police and daily labourers were the worst affected. Unable to withstand the intense heat, many constables deserted several traffic intersections around noon, leaving them unmanned.On Monday about nine nurses , who organized a rally demanding regularisation of their jobs, were hospitalized due to the severe heat.\"Every passing day seems to be hotter than the previous one. Last summer was much more bearable due to the frequent spells of rain. But this year, there seems to be no respite. My work requires me to travel a lot and meet clients but I have been putting it off for the past two days. I do not know how much longer I can carry on like this,\" said Shekhar Nanda, a sales agent in the city.According to the met office, however, the temperature is normal for this time of the year. Offering a ray of hope though, Sahu said high moisture content in the atmosphere may cause rain and thundersquall soon, causing a drop in the temperature.In May 2011, the city had recorded the highest temperature of 42.5 degree, while it was 41.5 degree in May 2010, Met sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158038", "title": "Tearful adieu to CISF jawans", "text": "JAIPUR: The bodies of four constables, who were killed by Maoists in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district, arrived at Baskho village on Tuesday morning, almost 20 km from here. The local villagers bid a tearful adieu to the martyrs.Women expressed their grief by wailing, whereas in men the sight of martyrs' bodies triggered patriotism and the youngsters along with the elderly shouted 'Bharat Maata Ki Jai' with tears in their eyes.More than 10,000 people including Dausa MP Kirori Lal Meena participated in thefuneral of the jawans, constable Kailash Chand Meena (25) and Ashok Verma (25).The moment the coffins were taken down from the army truck, the relatives of the jawans broke down. However, displaying unusual strength Sangeeta Verma, wife of Ashok Verma, started singing 'Vande Mataram' and everyone including senior police officers, army officials, officials and local representatives joined in with tears in their eyes.Sangeeta was staying along with her husband Ashok Verma in Raipur after she gave birth to a boy two months ago.\"Ashok was planning to visit Jaipur with his son and wife for fortnight. Look he kept his promise and has come,\" said Cheetarmal Verma, one of the relatives of the deceased.Nearly 3 kms away from Banskho, mourning silence was witnessed when the body of another jawan Kailash Chand Meena arrived.\"Since Meena is survived by his wife and two daughters, everybody in the village was feeling sorry for the two little girls - one 3 years old and another 3 months old. We are proud of this youngster of our village but it is unfair to the two little girls,\" said Ramphool Meena, one of the relatives of the deceased.District collector Naveen Mahajan and senior police officials were present at the funeral of the two jawans.Likewise, the funeral of constable Prakash Chand Meena (24), who had joined CISF some years ago and was a bachelor, was a heart-rending affair, after his coffin arrived in village Jamwaramgarh. \"We were planning his marriage in winter time. It is sad to know he is no more,\" said one of the relatives.The funeral of another jawan Ranjit Singh who hails from Bharatpur also took place amid heavy gathering of villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "sangli/satara", "code": "13157693", "title": "Hit by drought, rural folks pour into Mumbai, Pune", "text": "SANGLI/SATARA: Open trailers packed with families and cattle have become a common sight along the state's highways. They are a telling sign of the distress that the drought in 15 districts of the state has brought with it. Truckloads of villagers are migrating from the hinterland to cities like Mumbai, Pune and Kolhapur in desperate search for livelihood.While many officials deny the drought-driven migration, the absence of male heads in rural homes in water-starved parts of the state reveals another reality. A senior official from Satara admits that the district has witnessed 10% more migration this year. Local officials say the low minimum wages of the Centre's flagship employment guarantee scheme (NREGA) have failed to stem the outflow of potential job-seekers.In Khatav taluka, Satara, fragmented families are a sorry reality in one home after another. Landowner Adhik Wagh (32) has taken a break from his driver's job and is on a brief visit to his native village in Katgoon. \"We used to have sheti (fields) of our own and cattle too. With not a drop of rain this year, there is no sheti or water to give the cattle. I work in Kolhapur as a driver and earn enough to educate my two children,\" said Wagh who recently sold his buffalo.Worse off are farm labourers like Mugathrao Wagh (65), whose work has dried up with the wasting away of successive crops. \"My wife, daughter-in-law and I were all farm hands and would earn enough to feed ourselves. We are all sitting at home now, while my son does hamali (labour) in cities and brings home some money,\" said Wagh. Satara collector N Ramaswami maintained that migration is tough to estimate, admitting that it is \"slightly higher than last year\" in the light of a dry spell in the district. District-level surveys had shown that 2,000-3,000 more workers had left the district.The desperation for jobs is no different in neighbouring Sangli. Dhanashree Gaikwad of Pangri village has been playing mother and father to her two toddlers ever since her husband left for the 'city' in search of work. \"It is tough living apart, but we have no choice,\" she says.Sangli collector Shyam Wardhane said there was enough work for those who were willing, but admitted that villagers often did not opt for employment under NREGA as they thought minimum wages were too low. Ahmednagar collector Sanjeev Kumar also denied drought-driven migration in his district, though locals stated otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13159859", "title": "Gene therapy may help us live longer", "text": "LONDON: In a pioneering experiment, Spanish scientists claim to have extended the lifespan of aging mice by up to 24%, using a single gene therapy treatment. If this research pays off, then things are looking up for aging humans too, says a team at the Spanish National Cancer Research Centre which has published its findings in the 'EMBO Molecular Medicine' journal.Earlier studies have shown that it is possible to lengthen the average life of individuals of many species, including mammals, by acting on specific genes - an approach impracticable in humans. Now, the Spanish scientists , led by Maria Blasco, have demonstrated that the mouse lifespan can be extended by the application in adult life of a single treatment acting directly on the animal's genes. And they have done so using gene therapy, a strategy never before employed to combat aging. The scientists induced cells to express telomerase - the enzyme which metaphorically slows down the biological clock.The therapy has been found to be safe and effective in mice, say the scientists . In fact, in their experiment, the scientists treated adult mice (oneyear-olds and two-year-olds ), with the gene therapy delivering a \"rejuvenating\" effect in both cases. Mice treated at age of one lived longer by 24% on average , and those treated at two, by 13%.The therapy, furthermore, produced an appreciable improvement in the animals' health, delaying the onset of age-related diseases like osteoporosis and insulin resistance and achieving improved readings on aging indicators like neuromuscular coordination.The gene therapy consisted of treating the animals with a DNA-modified virus, the viral genes having been replaced by those of the telomerase enzyme, with a key role in aging.Telomerase repairs the extreme ends or tips of chromosomes, known as telomeres, and in doing so slows the cell's and therefore the body's biological clock. When the animal is infected, the virus acts as a vehicle depositing the telomerase gene in the cells.\"This study shows that it is possible to develop a telomerase-based anti-aging gene therapy without increasing the incidence of cancer,\" said the scientists. \"Aged organisms accumulate damage in their DNA due to telomere shortening, (this study) finds that a gene therapy based on telomerase production can repair or delay this kind of damage,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159614", "title": "Saket Gupta 'killer' surrenders", "text": "PATNA: Pramod Kumar, one of the accused in the much-publicised murder case of a beer bar owner and a contractor, Saket Gupta, surrendered before a court in Patna City on Tuesday.Saket Gupta, a relative of a DG-rank officer, A K Gupta, was gunned down at the parking place in Kumhrar Archaeological Site on May 7 when he had gone there for morning stroll. The deceased's mother, Geeta Devi, had lodged an FIR on May 7 itself against eight persons: Prem Kumar Singh, Pramod Kumar, Bobo, Mukesh, Pankaj, Kuku, Raju and Pintoo.The case took another turn after the body of one of the accused, Prem Kumar Singh, was recovered from the railway track near Kumhrar railway crossing on May 9. Prem, a native of Sadiqpur (Gulzarbagh), was running beer bars at Alamganj, Sampatchak and Bahadurpur localities in Patna district besides dealing in real estate. Two of the accused, Raju and Pintoo, had been arrested earlier.SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar said Pramod was taken on police remand for four days.Five arrested: A Patna police team arrested five gangsters from a locality falling under the jurisdiction of Beur police station on Tuesday. SSP, Patna, Amrit Raj said that he received information that some criminals were moving on a four-wheeler in Beur locality. A police team, led by SDPO, Phulwarisharif, Rakesh Dubey, intercepted and arrested them.The SSP said that the arrested gangsters were identified as Ajay Kumar alias Bilaiya, Rinku Kumar alias Rinku Singh, Rahul Kumar alias Kallu, Amarjit Kumar and Dinesh Kumar. He said that the police recovered five countrymade pistols, 20 live cartridges, one four-wheeler and seven cellphones from the arrested criminals. All the arrested criminals were involved in serious offences, including murder, dacoity, Arms Act and exploding bombs.Candidate arrested: A police team on Tuesday arrested Vimla Rai, a candidate contesting PMC poll, from Patrakanagar on the charge of violating the model code of conduct. SDPO (Sadar) Rashid Zaman said that the candidate was found campaigning after electioneering had ended. He said her husband Radha Mohan had also been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159334", "title": "Gautam Gambhir counts the positives", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite losing two home matches in three days, Gautam Gambhir is hopeful of making the play-offs in IPL 5.\"We are still No. 3 on the points table,\" the skipper reminded reporters after Kolkata suffered a last-ball loss to Team Chennai at Eden Gardens on Monday night.\"We have two more games and I am hopeful of turning it around.\"Kolkata and Chennai both have 17 points, just one less than Delhi and Mumbai. Gambhir's men, though, have two matches left, while Chennai have just one more to play.Gambhir was not too worried by the fact that as many as seven teams still have a chance of progressing to the last-four stage. \"But that has always been the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160258", "title": "Fifty goats distributed under the Aadugramam project die in a week", "text": "KOCHI: At least fifty of the 200 goats distributed to Kudumbashree members in Cheppenam, under the Aadugramam project died within a week. The project envisaged to turn Cheppanam into a village of goats, has made it instead a graveyard of goats it seems.\"We got four goats and all of them fell ill the next day,\" saidBabu,husbandof Sathi, a Kudumbashree member from Cheppanam. \"First symptom was diarrhoea and then fever developed. Three of them died in a couple of days and the last one is also in a bad shape,\" he said.Jim K Kizhakkode, a core committee member of the project and a veterinary surgeon, said he had warned the authorities against buying goats from a single farm. But the authorities decided to buy 200 goats from a goat farm at Edathala near Aluva. All 200 goats were transported from the farm, some 40 kilometre from Cheppanam, in a mini lorry.\"I had told them to transport the goats individually by the beneficiaries rather than bringing them en masse. But they transported the goats carelessly. Moreover, the migrant labourers who unloaded the goats from the lorry, did it in a wrong manner,\" he said. \"The first lot arrived at around 8am. But the beneficiaries demanded that all of them should get goats on the same day. Then the farm owner brought the second consignment by 12 noon. The goats were made to stand in the scorching sun till the distribution ceremony was over,\" said Kizhakkode.Meanwhile, the authorities of the Kumbalam grama panchayat said that the farm owner had agreed to give new goats in lieu of the dead ones. \"It is not anybody's fault. The goats had eaten some poisonous leaves in the compound where they were kept. Maybe that's why they died,\" said P J Joseph, president, Kumbalam grama panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "13160365", "title": "Techie loses hands, eyesight in blast", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: A software engineer from Bangalore lost both his hands and eyesight in an explosion on Tuesday when he was allegedly making a time bomb in his brother-in-law's house. Police suspect he was making the bomb for carrying out subversive activities. Police are figuring out whether he was involved with any extremist group or Maoists.The victim, identified as Ake Jagadeesh, was found in a pool of blood by the cops who broke open the main door of the house which was locked from outside. Sources said Jagadeesh was loading sulphur, phosphate and small rods into a gelatine stick and soldering them into a cable amplifier box.\"It resulted in sparks, that probably caused the explosion ,\" sources said. In the impact of the explosion he lost both his hands and eyesight . He was rushed to the Kakinada government hospital in a critical condition. Police found a timer lying close to the small iron rods. Rajahmundry urban SP Ravikumar Murthy said they were probing the blast from all possible angles, including Maoist connection. He said it was perplexing that the techie was making use of a timer, gelatine sticks and other explosive materials. A bomb disposal squad and clues teams also rushed to the blast spot.The explosion happened between 2-2 .30 pm on the ground floor of the two-storied building in Tilak Road. Locals heard a deafening sound and rushed to the building and immediately alerted the cops. The police found the door locked from outside.Sources said Jagadeesh came to his brother-in-law's house from Bangalore two days ago. At the time of the incident his brother-in-law Ramakrishna, a cable operator , was not in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160209", "title": "Major projects get rejected for not getting Environmental Impact Assessment nod", "text": "KOCHI: Ever since the coastal regulation zone (CRZ 2011) came into effect, major projects in Kochi have had to undergo the tough task of getting the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report, which has led to many projects being rejected by the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority.The Edakochi stadium project of the Kerala Cricket Association and the sewage treatment plant (STP) project of the Kochi Corporation at Mundamveli are the two major projects rejected outright by the state authority following the decision of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) to enquire into the viability of such projects near water bodies.In this circumstance, authorities are keeping their fingers crossed on major projects in the district like Kochi Oceanarium, Smart City in Kakkanad and the electronics park in Amballoor getting EIA clearance as they are situated near water bodies. \"One of the reasons for projects not being sanctioned over environmental issues is that assessment is not d o n e p ro p e rly. Projects coming up on paddy fields, wetlands or on water fronts are going to have a tough time getting clearance,\" said S Seetharaman, secretary, Environmental Protection Forum, Aluva.The expert committee on reclamation and destruction of mangroves for construction, which rejected the STP at Mundamveli, had in its report, recorded that \"the consultants who prepared the EIA for STP gave a wrong advice that the area is not in CRZ and does not require CRZ clearance. Kochi Corporation and Kerala State Urban Development Programme may be advised to seek an explanation from the consultants why such a wrong advice had been given.\"Uncertainty dogs the proposed electronics park at Amballoor as the agriculture department has raised objection to it on the grounds that the land identified for the project is a 'kole field' and cultivable. It has also suggested that the Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation explore the possibility of an alternative dry land.\"There is some objection, but let's hope this government will try to move the project to the next stage,\" said M J Jacob, former Piravom MLA and the man behind the proposal.Interestingly, the project which started much before all these is the Smart City in Kakkanad. But no environment assessment has been done on it yet. Its promoters have reason to worry as they had had to change the master plan of their Malta project as that did not get EIA clearance.As far as the Kochi Oceanarium project is concerned, companies which had expressed interest in it said they would come as a consortium provided the government secured the EIA clearance. \"We have decided to get the EIA done,\" said A Gopalakrishnan Nair, executive director, Fish Network Information System.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158868", "title": "Breather for schools in RTE reservation", "text": "MUMBAI: A Right to Education (RTE) Act clause on setting aside 25% of school seats for students from the economically weaker sections or backward classes has sent city schools in a tizzy. The state government has decided to implement the rule this year itself even as almost all schools have already tied up their admission process. To their relief, though, the government has agreed that if schools can prove that their admission procedure was completed before April 12--the day the Supreme Court gave its verdict on implementation of the clause--they do not have to comply with the clause in the coming academic year.\"While the Supreme Court order says this rule must be implemented by the next academic year, the state government has made it compulsory this year itself when they are not even sure what is the exact definition of the term 'weaker section'. The government has to first give us proper guidelines to follow,\" said Sandeep Goenka, managing trustee of Billabong High International School, Juhu. Most schools have completed admission for the pre-primary section by mid-March and are worried that they will be forced to admit students from weaker sections in the higher classes.\"The government can order schools to increase the student capacity of classrooms, but how do we increase the seating capacity of classrooms? There are only so many students who can be accommodated in a class,\" said Ramakant Pandey, principal of Bansidhar Agarwal Model School, Wadala.\"Where their funding is involved, they (the government) never act on time. How can one depend on a government that is still unclear about many clauses under RTE?\"Most schools have already made arrangements to introduce this feature in the next academic year. \"sOur management has already discussed this clause with me but we can accommodate it only in the next academic year as our admission for this year was closed in March itself,\" said Natasha Mehta, principal of Euroschool in Navi Mumbai. She added that the school only considers transfer cases for admission to higher classes. \"How else can we accommodate all the children?\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13157641", "title": "DMK succession war may pave way for Raja\u2019s rehab", "text": "CHENNAI: The question doing the rounds among DMK cadres and A Raja's anxious supporters is whether he will be politically rehabilitated by the party or pushed to the backstage. While the initial reaction within the party as soon as news broke out about Raja's bail was positive, the leadership is bound to introspect about the political advantage or otherwise of accommodating him in a prominent position.DMK chief M Karunanidhi said Raja would enjoy the same space in the party that he occupied earlier. \"People in our party have always been active...and he will continue to be active as ever,\" he told reporters on Tuesday. The DMK patriarch also clarified that every one in the party supported Raja.At his political peak, Raja, the party's dalit face, was among the close confidants of Karunanidhi, a solicitous crutch and moral support to his leader. Raja was always seen with Karunanidhi at public functions and was a key member of the inner coterie. When the 2G scam broke out in 2010, Raja was slowly eased out even before he was arrested.Party seniors say that sibling rivalry and the succession war between Union minister M K Alagiri and his younger brother M K Stalin could help Raja retain his position in the party. Alagiri met Raja in Tihar jail recently to enlist him into his camp, say supporters. As for Stalin, he had heaped praise on Raja during his recent visit to Nilgiris, Raja's constituency, and had earlier sent his supporters, former ministers E V Velu and K Ponmudi, to meet him in jail.Their half-sister Kanimozhi, who was close to Raja, visited his family in New Delhi soon after news of his bail was out. Anxious about their political future, followers of Raja in Perambalur, his hometown, and in Nilgiris districts have been discussing the leader's access to party chief Karuananidhi in the coming days.Soon after his arrest, the DMK firmly backed Raja. The party's general council, which met a day after his arrest in February 2011, passed a resolution standing by Raja. Karunanidhi also deputed senior leaders to fan out across the state on a \"defend Raja\" campaign. Later Karunanidhi and several senior leaders were said to be upset over submissions and applications by Raja which they believed delayed the framing of charges in the case and, in turn, Kanimozhi's bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159080", "title": "'Sattu' scare for housewives", "text": "PATNA: Following the death of 10 people in Jehanabad after consuming allegedly adulterated sattu the other day, state authorities have stepped up efforts to ensure that pure sattu is available in the market. While people are now giving a second thought to consumption of sattu, experts maintain that it is one of healthiest affordable food in Bihari platter.Sattu forms an important component of Bihar's food culture. However, the Jehanabad incident has left people panic-stricken over whether sattu available in the market is fit for use or not. \"It's summer season and sattu is an important part of my family breakfast, but this news has frightened us,\" said Geeta, a resident of Kankarbagh. Another worried housewife, Mohita Sinha, a resident of Kadam Kuan, adds, \"Sattu is used in varied forms in my household, but now I am reluctant to use it.\"However, state authorities claim that prima facie, sattu wasn't contaminated in Jehanabad incident. Talking to TOI, secretary, health department, Sanjay Kumar claimed, \"Water taken from a well was mixed with sattu. As per our information, that water was contaminated, and not the sattu. However, reports from the forensic laboratory are awaited.\"And what about ensuring the availability of good quality sattu? \"It is manufactured both in the organized and unorganized sectors. In the case of organized sector, inspections are done regularly as per Food and Safety Standards Act.\" He, however, adds, \"Production of sattu is a household activity in rural areas. It is difficult to keep a tab on it, though I have instructed all food inspectors to keep a strict vigil on them too.\"Meanwhile, experts say there is no harm in consumption of sattu, per se. Talking to TOI, eminent physician Dr. Gopal Prasad Sinha said, \"Sattu is one of the best sources of protein. It is a boon for poor people who can't afford other vegetarian or non-vegetarian sources of protein.\" However, he cautions, \"Cleanliness must be strictly maintained at all three levels of manufacturing of sattu - crushing, preservation and packaging. If this is neglected, then consuming sattu might infect people with various types of viruses and gastrointestinal bacteria.\"Physician Dr Amarendra Singh added, \"Protein is the building block which sattu provides in abundance. The only precaution one needs to take is one must not procure loose sattu from market and must go for reputed brands only.\" He further said, \"Patients with medical history of kidney-related ailments must avoid it because too much consumption of sattu produces urea.\"quality sattu only. \"We procure sattu of reputed brands only. The customers from middle and upper middle classes prefer that and so far we have got no complaint regarding the quality of sattu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13157902", "title": "Police teams leave for Chandigarh", "text": "MANALI: Following allegation by an Australian woman that she was raped by a youth who befriended her on Facebook, a police team from Kullu left for Chandigarh on Tuesday to trace the accused.Police claimed that the accused may be using a fake identity and therefore it may prove tough to locate him. On the other hand, not being able to confirm rape with primary medical report, test samples were now being sent to Indira Gandhi Medical College in Shimla for detailed examination. \"We are taking the case as a serious matter and samples are being sent for further laboratory test. The Australian embassy has been informed about the incident and a web has been spread to trap the accused,\" Kullu superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said.According to the 22-year-old victim, she moved to Kasol village after visiting Manali on May 10 and stayed in a guest house. After getting information about her location on the social networking site, the accused, who had introduced himself to her as Sammy Sidhana from Chandigarh, joined her at a party in Kasol on May 12. \"I only remember that I was last attending a party till 3pm and then fell unconscious. I was raped by Sammy in hotel Green Valley room,\" she complained to the police.Five years ago, a tourist from South Korea was raped in Kullu and the accused was arrested but later acquitted on March 31, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13157939", "title": "Coaching centre owner held for duping students", "text": "JODHPUR: The lure of higher marks and that too without appearing in the examination, cost some students not only money, but a precious year as well. They were cheated by the owner of a coaching institute who promised them good marks in the exams in return for money. However, when the RBSE science results were declared on Tuesday, their roll numbers were not in the list, following which they complained to the police.Following their complaint, the city police arrested the director of the institute for duping them. The students were promised a minimum 75% in the science examinations. \"When the students did not find their roll numbers on the board's website, five students approached us and we arrested the director of the centre,\" said SHO, Sardarpura, Subhash Sharma.Director of the Gurukul Coaching Centre, Kulwant Marwah (23) had put out an advertisement in newspapers last year claiming that the centre would help students pass the Class XII Science examination with guarantee of at least 75%. \"These five students, who have complained against him, had responded to the advertisement and got enrolled with the centre by paying Rs 5,000,\" Sharma said.Surprisingly, not a single student ever filled the form with his hands as Marwah assured them that their forms would be filled in and submitted by himself. When the students did not receive their admit cards as the examination approached, they contacted Marwah complaining about non-receipt of the admit cards. He assured them that they need not worry about them. \"He also assured them that none of them need to even appear in the exam and that they will get the promised marks in the board examination, once the result is declared,\" said Sharma.When the results of the science stream was declared on Tuesday, none of these students found their role numbers in the results. They then approached the centre and complained to Marwah, who, even at this moment, assured them that they need not worry about it as he would arrange marksheets for them from some other state, if not from Rajasthan Board. \"But the students objected to it and demanded their money back, which Marwah refused,\" Sharma said. On an average, Marwah extracted Rs 35,000 each from them in different heads and formalities.The students then complained to the police against Marwah, who was later arrested by the police. Sharma said the number of cheated students may go higher following the interrogation of Marwah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159118", "title": "Woman files dowry plaint against fresh Karai passout", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the day when police sub-inspectors (PSIs) and deputy superintendents of police (DSPs) were passing out at the Karai police academy, a complaint of dowry harassment was being filed at Vastrapur police station against one of the fresh graduates.In the complaint, a police inspector's daughter Bhavna Desai, accused her husband a police sub-inspector Hiren Desai and his family members of physical and mental harassment for dowry. M R Sharma, Vastrapur police inspector, said, \"We have registered Bhavna's complaint.\"According to the complaint, Bhavna got married to Hiren on May 16, 2009, who, after completing his graduation, was trying to join the police force. He cleared the Gujarat Public Service Commission exam and was selected as a police sub-inspector. Bhavna's father, Kalu Desai, is currently posted in Mehsana.Bhavna claimed that after her marriage her mother-in-law Babbu Desai, sister-in-law Vibha Desai and brother-in-law Pradyuman Desai used to torture her to get money from her father for purchasing a new bungalow. When Bhavna complained to Hiren about this, he sided with his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158488", "title": "BMW mishap: Friends seethe over bail", "text": "GURGAON: While family members of BMW car victim Kshama Chopra were unavailable to comment on Tuesday's development, her friends vented their anger and frustration on the Facebook page, \"Justice for Kshama and Shailesh Shetye\", over the bail granted to the prime suspect, Suraj Sherawat.A close friend of Kshama's husband, Shailesh Shetye, said he was not keeping well and was not in a state to say anything. \"The condition of Shailesh's mother-in-law is still very critical. We are keeping a close watch on the development and will soon come up with our strategy,\" said the friend.Arpan Das, who had started the online petition, \"Justice to Kshama Chopra\", which has got over 11,200 signatures so far, said, \"We will see what is the further development in the cases. What charges police are going to file against the accused. We have to put our trust in the system as well. We plan to hold a candlelight march in Goa and other parts of the country to keep up the momentum in the case.\"A member on the Facebook group, which organized a silent march in Gurgaon last Sunday, was quite vocal in displaying his anger. \"Kill two people, injure three others then run away from the law for more than a week, try pushing a scapegoat, when that doesn't work surrender yourself and go scot-free on bail within hours? Are we just going to take this lying down?\" he asked.Another person said the law was soft. Even if the accused is convicted and justice prevails, the law provides for only two years' jail. We are 28,750 people here. We just can't sit and post and keep the faith! We need to represent for stricter laws.Likewise, another Facebook group seeking justice for Sanjay Gulati, the driver of the ill-fated Indigo car who also died in the accident, showed its anger over Tuesday's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158848", "title": "PCMC proposes to give compensation to land owners", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has proposed to give compensation to land owners whose lands have been used for construction of roads, but the civic body has no documents to show that it had acquired the land. There are 14 such cases in Bhosari, Pimpri, Pimpale Gurav and Sangvi where owners have sought compensation in the form of transfer of development rights (TDR).The proposal has been forwarded by the municipal commissioner and will come up for discussion at the general body meeting on May 19.In the 14 cases, the civic engineering department completed the roads and other development works after receiving oral or written approval from land owners or those who had the power of attorney. However, no documents were made to show that the land was in possession of the civic body.The administration is of the opinion that TDR should be allotted in the cases where the civic body developed roads without having any land possession documents after December 1999 and has sought approval of the general body for this proposal.Shrirang Barne, group leader of Shiv Sena and the Republican Party of India (RPI) (Athavale group) in the PCMC, said, \"The land owners should be given compensation in the form of TDR. The compensation should not be given to any power of attorney holders.\" Barne further said it was the civic officials' mistake to carry out developmental works on land that was not in the PCMC's possession.Manav Kamble, president, Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti said, \"The civic body must give compensation and formally acquire land from land owners for any development works as per the development control rules and other laws.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159582", "title": "Godowns of 6.40 lakh metric tonnes capacity will be constructed", "text": "PATNA: Food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, on Tuesday, said that godowns having the capacity of 6.40 lakh metric tonnes would be constructed by Food Corporation of India (FCI), Central Warehouse Corporation and State Warehousing Corporation.Rajak said that four godowns having the capacity of 50,000 metric tonnes would be constructed at Mohania, Bhagalpur, Bettiah and Sasaram. The FCI general manager said that State Warehouse Corporation has started construction of godowns having a capacity of 3 lakh metric tonnes has started at Begusarai, Bettiah, Gopalganj, Jamui, Khagaria, Motihari, Siwan, Ara, Sasaram, Samastipur and Saran.State Warehousing Corporation managing director said that godowns having capacity of 20,000 metric tonnes in Samastipur and Saran districts would be handed over to the FCI by April 31. He said that 80% construction work of godowns having capacity of 15,000 metric tonnes at Motihari, Ara and Sasaram had been completed.Principal secretary, food and consumer protection department, informed the minister that lands for construction of godowns having capacity of 1 lakh metric tonnes in Patna , Bhagalpur, Munger, West Champaran, Samastipur, Begusarai and Khagaria had been handed to the Central Warehousing Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157927", "title": "Man caught while molesting girl in train", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged man was caught molesting a seven-year-old girl while travelling in Ahilyanagari express on Monday midnight. Selvam Kongullar was arrested by Amla GRP and later handed over to Nagpur GRP.According to the complaint lodged by the victim's father, he and his family had boarded the train from their native place Indore. The incident took place while the complainant and his family were asleep in the sleeper coach.The girl and her father were sleeping on a berth. The accused was asleep on the floor near their berth. The girl's father caught Kongullar red-handed when he was molesting the sleeping girl.The enraged father and other passengers thrashed Kongullar till the TTE stopped them. GRP Nagpur has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158003", "title": "Maharashtra govt's missive to universities: Cut striking teachers' salaries", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday decided to send a notice to universities, asking them to cut salaries of teachers if they continue to boycott evaluation of students' answer sheets. In effect, agitating teachers affiliated to the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Organization (MFUCTO) will face pay cuts for the number of days they remain on strike.From the first week of April, more than 30,000 teachers, excluding those from the engineering and medical fraternity, began their agitation to demand payment of arrears as well as placement benefits.\"The state administration had a healthy meeting with representatives of the agitating teachers. The state government even agreed to most of the demands tabled by MFUCTO. Despite this, teachers are continuing the strike, leaving the government with no choice but to initiate action against them,\" said Rajesh Tope, higher and technical education minister.Mantralaya officials told TOI that chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan and Tope had a discussion on the issue late on Monday night. \"Chavan was of the opinion that the higher and technical department should initiate stern action against teachers who refuse to end their agitation, but Tope was reluctant to do so,\" an official said.Balchandra Mungekar, MP and former vice-chancellor of Mumbai University, in a letter, has asked the state to find an amicable solution to the issue. \"Such a trend of making higher and technical education unstable is not in the interest of Maharashtra,\" Mungekar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159054", "title": "Going bananas over mangoes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The weather gods may have delayed the arrival of the king of fruits, but the omnipotent, juicy and lip smacking from Saurashtra and south Gujarat is sure to hit the market in the next few days. The buzz is that they will continue to flood the markets through June and July. And it's not Kesar alone that has caused a stir but fresh lots of Alphonso, Pairi, Totapuri, Badam, Raspuri, Gola and Sindura too will be available in a couple of days.\"Mango lovers can relish the fruit through the monsoons. In the coming weeks one can expect an drop of 15 to 20 per cent in mango prices. The lot which is available now is less sweet than usual,\" says Naroda fruit market president Shyam Rohara. At the Naroda fruit market 70 to 80 trucks of 10 tonne capacity are already unloading. Earlier, 20 to 25 trucks were bringing in the mango produce to the yard. \"The high prices were caused by the fact that the volumes reaching markets so far were 45% less than the previous year,\" says Rohara.Ahmedabad yard is receiving mangoes from Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra. Another fruit market dealer Dinesh Trambadia says, \"Kesar being sold right now is smaller in size, two weeks from now, the consumer will be able to buy medium and large sized mangoes. The prize of Rs 70 per kg is likely to come down to Rs 50 in the coming weeks. Prizes of other varieties will also come down soon.\"Mango from Talala and Valsad are expected to arrive in the city in the next couple of weeks, after a delay of about 25 to 33 days. Usually, the state's mango produce reaches the city markets by the end of April.il.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159994", "title": "Eloping with minor girl sends youth behind bars", "text": "INDORE: A youth has been arrested on charges of rape and kidnapping a minor girl in Tukoganj area here on Tuesday. He reportedly eloped with the girl on May 1 promising her to marry.Police said that the 17-year-old girl went missing on May 1. She allegedly eloped with the accused identified as Rakesh, son of Dalaut Ahirwar, a resident of Sri Shakti Nagar.The girl was working in Dil Pasand Tower and came in the contact with Rakesh. It grew into a love affair later. On May 1, some people noticed the girl leaving Dil Pasand Tower at 11 am, but she did not reach home. Her mother reported the matter to Tukoganj police. They reportedly went to Lalitpur, village of the accused.On May 14, the elder brother of the accused, Kaushal Ahirwar, left the girl at Malwa Mill. She called her mother and her mother, in turn, informed police about her return.Police sent the girl for medical check up during which she was found to be a minor. Police arrested him and registered an offence against the accused under Sections 376 (rape), 363 and 366 (Kidnapping or inducing woman to compel her marriage) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158761", "title": "Workshop on road safety accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A workshop was organised on Monday to spread awareness about road accidents and offered training in golden hour care to autorickshaw and school van drivers on Tuesday.Sanjay Arora, additional commissioner of police (traffic), gave away certificates and free accident policy worth 1 lakh to 400 participants.\"More than 4.5 lakh road traffic accidents are reported in India and 1.2 lakh person die in these accidents every year. Auto, bus and van drivers are mostly responsible such road accidents; most of them are afraid to help accident victims and give them the required first aid,\" said Arora.The workshop was organised at Apollo Hospital, Tondiarpet. Arora said most of the accident victims lose their lives as they don't receive proper attention immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157105", "title": "Woman gang-raped, killed in Delhi hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly murdering the woman whose body was found inside LNJP Hospital twenty days ago. Police said the accused had gang-raped the woman twice before murdering her.The accused have been identified as Salman alias Chimman (24) who works at a printing press, Arif (26) a butcher and Mohamed Yahiya (26) who works at a grocery store, said police. The fourth accused, Asif, is on the run. The identity of the woman, however, has not been established yet, said police.Police said the men revealed during interrogation that they use to roam in the hospital premises and lure young women on pretext of friendship. The accused Yahiya had befriended the victim almost two weeks before her murder, when she had come to the hospital for treatment. He met her twice after that.On the day of the murder (April 23), Yahiya allegedly called the woman on the pretext of introducing her to his friends. According to police, the four men then took her to one of the washrooms in the OPD and took turns to rape her. After she threatened to expose them, the accused persuaded her to come to Buddha Garden to sort out the matter. There again they gang-raped her, said cops. After consuming liquor at night, they brought her back to the hospital, said police.This time as they tried taking her to the toilet, an argument broke out among the accused who were drunk. Sensing an opportunity to escape, the woman tried to raise an alarm. The accused then attacked her, stabbed her twice and slit her throat. They then fled from the premises.Additional CP (central), Devesh Chandra Srivastava, said, \"We have arrested three persons behind the woman's murder. We have evidence against them and they have confessed to the crime. The fourth accused has absconded. We are trying to establish the identity of the woman.\"Strangely, the body went unnoticed for two days even though the area where it was found - a garbage dump near the doctors' hostel - was frequented by people and security guards also patrol the stretch.The arrests come a day after the crime branch solved the case of the body that had been found near the Nehru Place Metro Station. This gruesome tale raises questions on the security provided at a major hospital in the capital. The cops are verifying if the four accused had committed a similar crime earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158839", "title": "PMC rules out more water cuts", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration said on Tuesday that there will be no increase in the existing 10% water cut in the city as the irrigation department has reserved 2 TMC water for Pune till July 15 out of the cumulative storage of 3.12 TMC in Khadakwasla, Panshet and Varasgaon dams.Shivaji Bolbhat, executive engineer, Khadakwasla irrigation division of the state irrigation department, said: \"The remaining 1.12 TMC water will be released through canals of the Khadakwasla dam for irrigation purpose. There is no plan to reduce the water reserved for Pune city.\"V G Kulkarni, chief of civic water supply department, said on Tuesday: \"Currently, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is providing 1,050 million litre per day (MLD) water and there is no plan to reduce it. The city needs nearly 1 TMC water per month. So, it will require 2 TMC water till July 15.\"The city has been facing 10% water cut from March 1 as less rainfall during the withdrawal phase of monsoon had reduced water storage in the dams.Of the four dams that supply drinking water to Pune, the Panshet dam has about 2 TMC water, while Varasgaon has 0.35 TMC water. The remaining stock is in Khadakwasla. Temghar dam has no water storage that can be utilized for drinking or irrigation purpose, an irrigation official said.Meanwhile, city-based NGO Sajag Nagarik Manch has demanded advanced planning to meet city's water needs till the end of July.\"The authorities should reserve 3 TMC water for the city and priority should be given to drinking water. In case the monsoon is delayed, providing water after mid-July would be a tough task. So, planning should be done to meet the city's requirements till July 31, instead of July 15,\" founder of the manch, Vivek Velankar, said at a news conference on Tuesday.When asked about the logic behind the plan to make water last till July 15, another official from the irrigation department said, \"If, due to any reason, the monsoon is delayed, it will have a direct impact on the water availability.\" The monsoon's arrival in the catchment areas of the dams is expected in the second half of June. We need at least two to three good spells of rain in the area to increase the water availability in the dams so that the water cut can be reviewed, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158215", "title": "Postmortem adds to mystery over Right to Information activist's death", "text": "NEW DELHI: RTI activist Ravinder Balwani, who according to police was killed in a hit-and-run accident, died of head injury caused by a \"blunt force impact\", the postmortem has established. A week after TOI highlighted concerns that Balwani was murdered due to his RTI campaign and litigation that followed, the family alleged that the postmortem showed only head injury, which was improbable given that Balwani stood 6 feet 3 inches tall and a collision impact would have left other injuries as well.The family also alleged that several papers on court cases which Balwani was carrying with him had been \"frantically searched\" and important documents could have gone missing. Balwani was an aide of RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal and a member of his NGO Parivartan.The south district police rejected the claims as \"baseless\", saying hit-and-run accidents often leave victims with fatal injuries due to \"blunt force impact\". The description is used when the area affected is bigger, as opposed to \"blunt object injury\" which may be caused by a targeted weapon. Injuries sustained in a fall, in an attack and accidents broadly fall into the \"blunt force\" category, officers said.The postmortem report handed over to the family on Monday says, \"The cause of death is head injury and its implications as a result of blunt force impact. All injuries are ante-mortem in nature.\"Balwani's daughter Sonia alleged that her father was attacked and the case was being passed off as an accident from day one. \"If it was a hit-and-run, how can there be no injuries on my father who was exceptionally tall, except for the drag marks (bruises) on his feet. It is highly unnatural,\" she asked.Balwani's wife Anjana feared he was targeted as he was collecting evidence to move court against officials of the power sector. Anjana said papers that Balwani was carrying were \"frantically searched\" and she was not sure if important documents had not gone missing from his bag.Denying the charges, police maintained that investigations were on and efforts being made to locate the vehicle in the accident.Balwani had retired from Transco, a government power utility, in 2010 and levelled charges of corruption against senior government officials and politicians. On April 23, the day he was reportedly hit by a vehicle, he was returning from a case hearing in the Delhi high court.NGO Parivartan plans a vigil at Jantar Mantar on May 20 to demand a thorough probe into the incident. \"My father was part of Parivartan and we decided it was apt that we come together to raise the issue in front of everyone, seeking justice for my father,'' said Sonia. Kejriwal will attend the candle-light march, a Team Anna spokesperson said.Balwani's family had last week met information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi seeking his intervention in directing the police and other agencies to investigate the case and actively pursue the corruption cases. \"My father did not divulge much about the RTI queries he was filing. But now that he has passed, we want these cases to be actively pursued,'' said Varun, Balwani's son.Sonia said her father had been filing RTI queries since 2001. \"This earned him enemies. In 2009, he had complained to the Indraprastha police station SHO on getting threat calls. He was receiving so many threats that he stopped sharing them with us in the past year,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158709", "title": "'We've lost the art of subtlety'", "text": "BANGALORE: It takes a mature mind to create a good cartoon. \"And an equally mature mind to appreciate it,\" says cartoonist Paul Fernandes. With politicians sounding off recently whether cartoons should be banned from school textbooks, is India closeting freedom of expression?Educationist AS Seetharamu points out that cartoons are mediums of expression and opinions of the Fourth Estate. \"Everyone is entitled to freedom of expression. And that's why I don't approve of a blanket rejection of cartoons,\" he said, adding, \"Cartoons throw light on the realities of life.\"So, while the debates rages whether to ban cartoons from textbooks, it's pertinent to consider their relevance. \"They must consider whether the cartoon reflects reality, for many are social comments and a result of good work. One of RK Laxman's cartoons, for instance, depicts four students, heavy school bags on backs, talking of their dream professions. The first says he wants to be a scientist, the second a doctor and the third an engineer. The fourth student, who has the last word, pointing to their bags says, 'At this rate, we will have no choice but to be porters'. This cartoon talks far more than an essay and is pertinent to the young mind,\" explained Seetharamu.Bringing out the truth is the agenda of a cartoonist. \"Political cartoons highlight the truth. Which is why I believe they are best kept away from impressionable young minds. We don't want students growing up, thinking of politicians and jokers,\" said Fernandes.Director of Institute for Social and Economic Change RS Deshpande contends that important personalities shouldn't be caricatured for textbooks. \"A caricature does not truly represent a person, unlike photographs and videos which is what students should be exposed to. In fact, this issue about cartoons in textbooks should be debated among teachers and academicians because they understand children best. Children have their own minds and often regimentation doesn't help,\" he said.Children can grasp information far beyond their biological age. \"With exposure to around 200 TV channels and the internet, children are incredibly smart. Restricting them to rote learning is hardly the solution,\" said cartoonist NS Ponnappa who has been delighting readers with his caricaturing for decades. \"I've reached a stage where I meet ophthalmologists and dentists who tell me how much they've enjoyed my caricatures,\" he said.He explains the way he goes about his work: \"When I start work on a piece, I say, 'Should this be hard-hitting or subtle?' When I draw a cartoon, I want readers to come back to it over and over again. What's lost today is the art of subtlety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158271", "title": "Deshprabhu wakes up, slams Parrikar for drop in petrol prices", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar abolished value added tax (VAT) on petrol \"for glory\" and if the BJP government is concerned about the common man, it should also abolish VAT on diesel and other essential commodities in Goa, Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu said on Tuesday.Addressing the media, Deshprabhu criticized Parrikar and the BJP government saying it already suffered from a \"trust deficit\" in Goa. The Congress spokesperson said that while the government was losing 135-crore annually by abolishing VAT on petrol, it was raking in 285-crore from the hiked electricity bills. Prices of almost all other commodities have gone up, Deshprabhu charged. He also said that abolishing VAT on petrol will encourage black-marketing in Goa.Deshprabhu also accused Parrikar of repeatedly violating the election code of conduct now in force due to the Cortalim by-election. The Congress spokesperson said that when the BJP candidate (Alina Saldanha) filed her nomination papers for the by-election on Monday, the chief minister publicly made promises about Dabolim airport to the voters.He said the chief minister is using the elections to appease voters by promising better facilities at Dabolim airport even when he knows that it is not economically feasible to have two airports in Goa when Mopa airport becomes a reality. \"He is talking of running two airports simultaneously, for which the minimum requirement is six million passengers. This will not happen in the next five to six years. If the chief minister is pursuing Mopa airport, he will have to close Dabolim airport and the Congress opposes this. He is misguiding the people of not only Cortalim constituency, but the people of entire Goa,\" Deshprabhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159031", "title": "Only 57 pharma colleges registered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Are you doing your homework before taking admission into a pharmacy college? With the class XII results out, the Gujarat chapter of Pharmacy Council of India (PCI) has told students that they should check the accreditation of the college before taking admission. Officials said that students should take admission in colleges registered with PCI. Gujarat has 86 pharmacy college but only 57 are registered with PCI. Sources said a few others have applied to the council but haven't got the accreditation.Officials said that students passing out of college who don't have the accreditation with get the degree but won't be able to practice as regular pharmacist. \"Students of colleges where PCI accreditation is not given can't register themselves as pharmacist.Every year many degree and diploma students take admission into such college and later repent as they can't get the pharmacist license. We have even updated the list of colleges from each state which are accredited by PCI on our website,\" said a PCI official. year, more than 4,000 pharmacy seats out of the total 6,000 seats remained vacant in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159595", "title": "One injured in hit-and-run incident", "text": "NASHIK: A case of hit-and-run was registered in the city on Monday at Bhadrakali police station. One person was injured. Jayashree Deshmukh, resident of Shanti Prakash society, Nashik Road, registered the case on Monday against an unidentified person riding a motorcycle. The biker allegedly hit Deshmukh at Nagaji Hospital at 9.30 am injuring her. The motor cycle rider fled the scene without informing the police, Deshmukh alleged.One injured in car collision: Suvarna Joshi, resident of Gagave, Chandwad tehsil, was injured in accident when an Innova rammed into her Indica. The incident occurred at midnight on May 6 at Saraf Bazaar. when Nandkumar Raut driving his Innova car rammed the Indica car that resulted in the damage of the car along with the Joshi being injured in the accident.Vehicle theft: A case of theft has been registered against two unidentified persons riding motorcycle for stealing money from a car.According to the police sources from Sarkarwada Police Station, Pratik Thorat of Bhikusa Mala, Sangamner alleged that (Ahmednagar district) two persons riding a bike, took away cash of Rs 25,000 from his Ford Fiesta car on Monday between 4.30 and 4.45 pm when the car was parked at Patil Park. The complaint said that the money was kept in the car parked at Patil Park on Monday between when the two persons riding a motorcycle approached the car and stole the money. The complainant suspects the two to have committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13159903", "title": "Lost at malls? Shop-nav can guide you", "text": "LONDON: Lost at shopping malls? Turn to \"shop-nav\", say German engineers who claim to have developed the satellite navigation system which works inside buildings.The GPS-style \"shop-nav \" gadget, that can be operated from an everyday smartphone, allows shoppers to find their way to particular stores within a large mall, and even suggests a planned route to ensure nothing is missed, say its developers.In fact, the gadget turns smartphones into miniature guides, leading users to the outlet they need via the quickest route, say the developers.The engineers say that the \"shop-nav\" could download a three-dimensional plan of participating buildings from the internet, using a code which can be scanned in to phones.And, from there, it will detail the layout of the shopping centre, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.The project has been funded by the German government and the gadgets were developed by German ministry for education, the Stuttgartbased Institute for Manufacturing, Engineering and Automation and companies, including Bosch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158092", "title": "Cord blood banking takes off in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur is emerging as a big destination for companies associated with 'cord blood banking' or CBB. In the last few years three big names in the field have established their offices in the city. Interestingly, the city has responded well enough with the middle and upper middle classes opting for storing the cord blood of children for future use. Cord blood can be used for treating certain genetic diseases that are otherwise non-treatable now in the child or siblings and can also be used for treating conditions like cancer, heart diseases and necrosis of hip joint etc.The three CBB companies that have made it to city since 2008 are Reliance Life Cell which was the first one, Cryo Bank and Babycell. Babycell began operations about nine months ago but announced formal expansion here only this month. Chief scientific officer of Babycell Satyen Sanghavi said that in the last two years since his company started its bank in Lonavla, about 4000 parents have stored their child's cord blood. \"The cord cells have to be collected within 15 minutes of the delivery. It is collected in special kits and then is sent to the storing unit maintaining a cold chain,\" he explained.Umbilical cord blood is very rich in stem cells. Stem cells are actually the master cells of human body and possess the ability to create tissues, organs and organ system of all types. These can be used to treat disease like cancer, diabetes , heart and liver disease, muscular dystrophy , Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease, spinal cord injury and stroke. Stem cells specifically reach the defective place and correct the damage by forming new disease free cells and tissues of specific types.Although the number of parents opting for such storage has increased from just two to five a year to two to three monthly, they are mostly the upper middle class who can afford to invest as much as Rs 70-80,000, the storage fees for 21 years and others with a history of genetic diseases like the thalassaemia, sickle cell, leukaemia or blood cancer etc.Obstetricians and gynaecologists admit the facility is expensive and hence cannot be for the masses. Dr Mangala Ketkar, senior gynaecologist, says that she does not advise cord blood banking to everyone. \"I suggest this to patients who can afford it and those who have a family history of genetic diseases like thalassaemia, sickle cell, leukaemia etc,\" she said. She does keep the information brochures available for the patients and relatives.Dr Ujjwalla Deshmukh, former president of Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) is not in total favour of the cord blood banking as it does not benefit a majority. She is also not sure of the reliability of the companies who are into it. \"How do you ensure the cord blood cells will be maintained scientifically for 25-30 years without any deterioration in quality? Also, very people are likely to need cord blood anytime in their life for treatment. I am not against using cord cells for treatment but it is only the rich who can block so much money for such a distant possibility,\" she said.Dr Ankita Kothe, NOGS president, though not against the concept, is not completely in favour either. Her apprehensions too stem from the concern about quality of stored cord cells 25-30 years later. \"More studies are still need to establish the use of the cord blood stem cells in cure of certain diseases. There is not enough data as yet both at world and at country level to prove efficacy of the results. There are also many legal and social implications. It is too early to speak in favour or against cord blood banking,\" she stated.Dr Maushmi Joshi, who has been collecting enough cord blood cells for patients in her practice in some metros where she worked earlier, says, \"I do not recommend it directly. I leave the information with the patients and they decide. In recent years more and more families are opting for it. Money factor is there with those who can afford it going for it,\" she said. She believes the companies who are into a competitive business will definitely have state-of-the-art facilities and patients could trust them. Joshi says there are certain companies that offer EMIs to persons who cannot invest the amount in one go. The EMIs extend for 24 months or more.\"A person can bank with us by paying just Rs 12,000 (Rs 5000 at the time of registration and Rs 7000 at the time of collection) initially with the remaining to be paid in monthly instalments of Rs 1400,\" Sanghavi said. Most CBBs store the cells initially for 21 years when the child is ready for parenthood. Thereafter the contract can renewed if a person wants. Sometimes, the child may need the blood in younger age in cases of blood disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13158605", "title": "Cop's death triggers tension", "text": "Keonjhar: Tension mounted here on Tuesday after the mysterious death of a police official during anti-Maoist operation.Police said Ajaya Sahu, a district voluntary force member (DVF), died after his own gun had accidentally gone off. Sahu was carrying out anti-Maoist operation at a place bordering Angul district.Sahu's family members, however, refused to buy the police version. \"The police officers are lying. I suspect some foul play in my son's death, which the policemen are trying to hide. I also suspect he might have died a few days back, and his death was kept a secret. We were informed of the matter much later, I suspect,\" Ajaya's father Gajendra Sahu said.As Sahu's body reached Keonjhar district headquarters hospital for post-mortem, his family members assembled there and sought clarifications from police about his death. They also did not allow doctors to conduct post-mortem. The angry villagers calmed down in the afternoon after senior officers promised detailed investigation into the death.Keonjhar SP Ashish Kumar Singh said, \"Sahu had accompanied CRPF personnel in an anti-Maoist operation. He possibly pressed the trigger of his gun accidentally resulting in the firing of a bullet that pierced through his belly. He died while being brought to the hospital. We will, however, investigate the matter in greater detail.\"Rourkela DIG Yashobanth Jethwa visited Keonjhar on Tuseday afternoon and paid guard of owner to the jawan. Briefing the media, the DIG said, \"The jawan died during a combing operation. Compensation of Rs eight lakh will be paid to his family besides insurance amount of Rs 10 lakh, land patta, government service to one of his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158891", "title": "Supporters rejoice, DMK cautious", "text": "CHENNAI: There was jubilation in A Raja's native Perambalur district and his Nilgiris constituency as TV channels announced news of his release on bail . However, there were no such scenes in Chennai where reactions were muted and cautious. The DMK headquarters, Anna Arivalayam, remained deserted and there were no celebration at party chief M Karunanidhi's residences.Party sources said Karunanidhi appeared relaxed after being informed about Raja's bail. Talking to reporters, he said the news made him happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13158527", "title": "Buyers want special court for land row", "text": "NOIDA: With the Greater Noida Authority and farmers of Noida Extension deciding to move the Supreme Court to challenge the October 21 verdict of Allahabad high court, homebuyers are staring into yet another protracted round of legal battle, which would further delay construction work on their homes. Several homebuyers have now demanded establishment of a special court that could fast-track the settlement of all land-related legal disputes in Noida Extension. The Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA) also submitted a memorandum to the PMO on Tuesday about their grievances.\"The chain of court cases related to land disputes between the Authority and the farmers could be never ending with both parties now deciding to move the apex court to review the October 21 verdict of the high court,\" said Binu Nair, a private sector employee, who has booked a flat in Panchsheel Greens. \"Till date, no accountability has been fixed and no one has been held responsible for the mess,\" added Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159091", "title": "One held with stolen jewellery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One Mohammad Ansari, a resident of Narol, was arrested by crime branch sleuths on Tuesday allegedly for stealing gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh. Ansari confessed that he stole the valuables from the residence of one Ramchandra Goswami, a resident of Bapunagar, who is on a visit to his native place in Uttar Pradesh. Police took Ansari to the house which he claimed to have burgled on April 3.Crime branch's police constable, Rajesh Pandey was on patrolling when he picked up Ansari. Pandey recovered some silver ornaments from him. On being questioned Ansari revealed that he had stolen the ornaments from Bapunagar. While cross verifying the claim, the cops found that there is no complaint in this regard in Bapunagar police station.Police took Ansari to the house which he claimed to have burgled on April 3. It turned out to be that of Goswami. Neighbours told the cops that Goswami is on a visit to his native place in UP. Police then called up goswami and asked him to come to the city. On his return Goswami filed a complaint on May 13.Crime branch inspector RR Sarvaiya said that they are contacting jewelers to ascertain the price of the gold and silver ornaments. We are probing if he has committed similar offenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13159882", "title": "37,000-year-old cave art oldest porn in history?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Anthropologists working in southern France believe they have discovered the oldest example of cave art on a 1.5 metric tonne block limestone, which reveals an interest in the female form - and the type of decor that the first Europeans preferred for their living spaces.The new discovery, uncovered at a site called Abri Castanet in France, consists mainly of circular carvings most likely meant to represent the vulva. The carvings were etched into the ceiling of a now-collapsed rock shelter about 37,000 years ago.\"It's quotidian art, it's everyday art. It's over their heads as they're doing everyday , banal sorts of things,\" study researcher Randall White, an anthropologist at New York University , told Live Science.The artists who created this ceiling decor were the first humans in Europe, a group called the Aurignicians . Arriving from Africa , they would replace the Neanderthals in Eurasia.They were hunter-gatherers , White said, and their society was quite complex. They painted, sculpted and made carvings. Their jewellery included woolly mammoth ivory beads, pierced animal teeth and shells from both the Mediterranean and the Atlantic.The Aurignicians would have spent winters at the site in southwestern France, perhaps in groups of up to 300 people, White said. These hunter-gatherers found shelter beneath a rock overhang about 23 feet deep and about 6 feet tall. On the ceiling, they pecked away rock, carving multiple depictions of notched circles likely meant to represent the female genitalia.Other European rock art sites have similar carvings , he said, though there are regional differences in how symbols are drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157900", "title": "Figures prove washery operators were duping Mahagenco", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahagenco's move to stop using washed coal has been vindicated by recent statistics pertaining to power generation at thermal plants and production cost for the company. A comparison of figures for December 2010 to March 2011 and December 2011 to March 2012 shows that cost per unit reduced by 22 paise. Consequently, the company saved Rs 281 crore on coal as its generation efficiency has increased.Mahagenco had terminated the contract with seven washery operators in January 2011 for supplying poor quality coal. As per Genco figures, the company used 30% washed coal in its seven coal-fired power plants in December 2010-March 2011 period. The washed coal component in total expenditure was 23%, and the generation cost per unit was Rs 2.75.On the other hand, in December 2011-March 2012 period, when the contract with washery operators had been terminated, the company used only 0.6% washed coal. This was unused stock from pre-July 2011 period. The washed coal component in total expenditure was just 0.5% and the generation cost was Rs 2.53 per unit.Most generating companies wash only E and F grade coal as their quality is very bad. The cost of E grade coal is Rs 1,300 per ton. If it is washed, the cost increases to Rs 1,900 per ton.The comparison of plant load factor (PLF), the parameter of generation efficiency of a power plant, improved significantly between July 2011 and April 2012. Even though the washery contract had been terminated in July 2011, a lot of unused washed coal was lying with Mahagenco. As the use of washed coal gradually reduced, PLF increased. In July 2011, PLF was 52.28%, October 2011 it was 58.69%, December 2011 it increased to 71.78% and in April 2012 it was at 74.37%.Mahagenco managing director Subrat Ratho told TOI that the company had started having doubts about washed coal months ago. \"We realized the washery operators were earning huge amounts by giving us substandard coal. We went in for third party inspection, and our doubts were proved right. Earlier, they used to manipulate figures to show that they were delivering the goods.\"\"The quality of washed coal was worse than raw coal, which is impossible if washing is done properly. Not only were we getting substandard coal, the washeries were keeping 15% coal, which was allowed as per the agreement,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13157572", "title": "Shunned by selectors, fate no-balled Ramnath Parkar", "text": "It was the first week of Dec 1972. Sunil Gavaskar and Ramnath Parkar were opening the innings for Board President's XI against the MCC at the sprawling Lal Bahadur Stadium, Hyderabad. Around a dozen journalists from UK were also there to cover the match.As renowned cricket journalists EW Swanton, John Woodcock, Crawford White were just settling down in the press box, Swanton loudly said, \"Gentlemen, did you see what I saw? That falling sweep shot belongs to Rohan Kanhai.\"Parkar had just played the famous falling sweep shot of Kanhai to perfection. The ball went like a bullet to the boundary. Within no time all their typewriters became noisy. The next day, papers in the UK had the story on Parkar's falling sweep shot.Parkar scored an attractive 59, but that didn't matter because the English media had already acted as selectors. He was in the team for the first Test in Delhi. Despite scoring 35 in 72 balls with five nicely-timed boundaries in the crucial second innings of the low-scoring Test match, Parkar went on to play only two Tests.He was a brilliant cover fielder with terrific anticipation; he was not only a maestro in cutting short the shot racing to the boundary, he would also consistently uproot the stump at either end with his lightning accuracy. When Parkar was patrolling the cover region, batsmen never thought of taking a single. Once in a Ranji game, he threw down the stumps with a flat throw from the boundary when the batsman was running his fourth run.An attacking batsman and a brilliant fielder, he ought to have been selected for the 1975 World Cup ahead of some defensive batsmen who were sluggish in the field, but then, that was the era when inclusions and exclusions were always shocking. So many brilliant cricketers got lost in obscurity and so did Parkar.He was included in the Bombay team when six players were with the Indian team in the West Indies in 1970-71. He played an important role in helping the depleted Bombay retain the Ranji Trophy. Overlooked by Indian selectors, he continued to give his best and scored 4455 runs in 85 first-class matches. In 1974-75, Parkar recorded his highest for Bombay when he scored 197 against Hyderabad at his favourite Lal Bahadur Stadium.The brilliant innings came at a time when Bombay really needed someone to hold one end up. Parkar rose to the occasion by changing his usual aggressive approach.Parkar could never play for India again, but his quality and class were there for all to see. He had been an asset to the Bombay side for years and after retiring from the game, he became a coach at the Dilip Vengsarkar Academy. He was leading a quiet and reserved life with his family. No one could have imagined the horror that was to unfold later.On a December morning in 1995, Parkar had dropped his daughter at Colaba on his scooter and was heading towards the Vengsarkar academy when he was hit by a vehicle that left him comatose. Surgery after surgery and therapy after therapy followed, but Parkar didn't recover. Frantic prayers were made by fans and friends. People tried to raise money for his bereaved family.But nothing could make this great man come out from his unconscious state. Parkar died on August 11, 1999 after remaining in coma for 43 months. Who could have guessed that the man who remained immobile and unreceptive for four years was the same man who would leap around the cricket field like a panther.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159423", "title": "\u2018Satyamev Jayate\u2019 impact: Childline flooded with calls", "text": "BHOPAL: The second episode of Aamir Khan's hard hitting show Satyamev Jayate has had its immediate impact. The city office of Childline has seen about half a dozen cases since the second episode of the show on Sunday which was on child sexual abuse.\"Within 10 minutes of the show, we got a call from a father with two daughters complaining about a school van driver who mishandles them. He said the show made him aware about the helpline number of Childline,\" said Archana Sahay director collab, Childline Bhopal.\"The father had called exploring the options and action in such cases,\" she said.The next call that came in was from a girl of class XI who was being meted out ill treatment by her own mother, Sahay informed.\"The girl would be badly beaten up by her mother and also locked in the bathroom for petty reasons. Basically the mother would vent her frustrations on her. After counselling for several hours, now the situation is under control,\" said Sangeeta, one of the volunteers at the office.The office also got a follow up call from a girl of 14 years. The girl, Shivani had complained against her own mother and brother. While the mother would mentally torture her, calling her names the sibling, 19, 'mishandled' her.\"The girl had approached us a fortnight ago after searching on the net. Child Welfare Committee (CWC) had entrusted her to her aunt with whom the girl stays currently. After the episode's telecast, she called to inform that everything was fine. The show has definitely had an impact,\" said Sahay.On Monday, two child labourers were rescued after someone called the national helpline and tipped them.\"We got a call from the Mumbai call centre office about the children. The boys, aged seven and eight worked at a tiffin centre and were paid Rs 20 per day,\" said Sangeeta.Another nine year old girl was reported by the patrol police of Habibganj. The parents of the girl came in late night on Monday and took her.Another girl from Chhindwara, aged 15 escaped from her home and reached Mandideep as her father would repeatedly beat her up, inebriated. Also the step mom did not stop him.\"We've got reports that our national helpline has been flooded with calls from distressed children and parents since the episode was aired. In fact we couldn't get through to the Mumbai office because of the rush!\" said Sahay.Counsellor with Mahila Thana, Mohib Ahmed said, \"The show has really highlighted an important aspect which was not being talked about. Incest and abuse within the family has indeed become rampant which need to be looked at.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158860", "title": "Residents have a blast at Times event", "text": "KOLKATA: The residents of Orbit City on Raja SC Mullick Road got lucky on Sunday evening with prizes raining on them. The had a rollicking time at Times Evening organized by The Times of India.The sit-and-draw was a huge hit with the children. Madhulika Banerjee bagged the first prize and was awarded a wrist watch and a gift voucher of Rs 1200 from Rolex. Rajanyo Nandi, who came second, walked away with a pressure cooker from Sun-kwik and a gift voucher of Rs 1000 from Rolex. Debanjana Mukherjee bagged the third prize and was given a meal voucher from Tangerine and a gift voucher of Rs 800 from Rolex.After sweating it out in the kitchen, Soma Chakraborty's innovative recipe was adjudged winner in the cookery competition. She was gifted an IFB microwave. Sharmishtha Konar stood second and was followed by Nanda Mukherjee and Chaitali Jaykumar. The three were awarded a Sun-kwik pressure cooker each for their delectable preparations. The contest was judged by celebrity chef Pradip Rozario.Next in line was the made for each other contest. The event saw several couples trying to prove that they were the best. Dilip and Krishna Chakraborty emerged the winner. They were awarded a two nights and three days holiday package from Club Mahindra. The second prize was won by Niman Mondal and his wife Lipi, while the third and fourth positions were secured by Avik and Sharmishtha Konar and Suman and Mahalaya Ganguly respectively. The second, third and fourth prize winners got a designer saree each from Palki and a gift voucher of Rs 2000 each from Manyavar. The contest was judged by actress Rupanjana Moitra and her husband Reven.In the tambola round, Shivaji Sinha Roy claimed an electric chimney from Propello for the full house while Soma Bhattarcharya won a gas stove from Propello for the quick five. Ananya Sarkar, Sajal Bhattacharya and Samarpan Dutta bagged a mixer grinder each from Propello for the first, second and the third row respectively.The curtains came down with musician Debangshu Deb Majumdar belting out foot-tapping numbers. Times Evening was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspecialty Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance.Prizes for the contests were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals, Chowman and Tangerine, while Rollick treated the residents with ice cream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13159450", "title": "Arguments in Shahi's bail plea inconclusive", "text": "KANPUR: The SC/ST court, on Tuesday, adjourned the hearing in the bail application of DSP Amarjeet Shahi as the defence arguments could not be concluded. The judge fixed next date of hearing as May 18.DSP Shahi had been arrested on charges of sexual exploitation of the daughter of a flight instructor of Indian Air Force.The defence lawyers started arguments from FIR on previous hearing held on May 11 last and before it could be over, the prosecution had urged the court to summon the bed head ticket (BHT) of the hospital where the victim was admitted. The victim had consumed poison to commit suicide and was treated at UHM hospital.The present case was opened after that incident.Continuing arguments, the defence counsel raised the issue of age of the victim. He claimed that school certificate regarding age was not admissible, hence the court had to rely upon medical evidence. He urged the court to summon the investigation officer with the case diary and bed head ticket (BHT) of UHM hospital.The court admitted his submission and summoned the investigation officer to produce the X-ray report of victim for assessment of the girl's age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158922", "title": "Man held in railway staff kidnap case", "text": "KOLKATA: One Subhas Jaiswal, suspected of abducting a resident of Salkia GT Road, was arrested on Tuesday. The victim Mahesh Ram, who had gone missing since Friday, had taken a loan of Rs 90,000 from Jaiswal. Ram is a canteen staff of railways and had not returned home on Friday from his workplace. He had informed his wife in the afternoon that he would be returning with some money which he had withdrawn from the bank account. His wife Bhagawati Devi lodged a missing diary on Saturday.On Monday, a relative of Ram got a call from a man, who identified himself as Subhas Jaiswal. The man said he had given Rs 90,000 to Ram and unless the money is refunded he would not release him. Police launched a search operation to nab Jaiswal, a resident of Golabari, but he had already fled from home. Jaiswal was later arrested on Tuesday and the cops are interrogating him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157383", "title": "PM to meet Suu Kyi during his Myanmar visit in end-May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will hold talks with Myanmar's celebrated pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi during his visit to India's crucial neighbouring country later this month. Government officials said Suu Kyi would call on Singh to discuss Myanmar's ongoing transformation into a full-fledged democracy.In what is a first by an Indian PM in 25 years, Singh will visit Myanmar for three days, starting May 27. He will hold talks with Myanmarese President Thein Sein on May 28. The visit is being talked about as one of the most important ones undertaken by Singh considering the geostrategic significance of Myanmar, a resource rich country, where China alone accounted for more than 70% of FDI in the hydrocarbon sector.``As per the schedule now, Suu Kyi will meet the PM during the visit. They will discuss the recent developments in Myanmar, including her engagement with reformist President Thein Sein, and also all bilateral issues,'' said a source. The victory of Suu Kyi's party, NLD, in the recent by-election is seen internationally as further opening the doors for political reforms in the country.While NLD boycotted the general elections in 2010, it eventually came round to contesting the April by-election and managed to win 43 of 45 seats. That, however, is just a fraction of the total 664 seats in Myanmar's Parliament which continues to be dominated by Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) that has the backing of the powerful military. Speaking about India in the past, Suu Kyi has always called for New Delhi to play a more active role in democratization of Myanmar and have sought more interaction with NLD, insisting that India should not be driven purely by commercial considerations.India had congratulated Suu Kyi for her ``landslide\" victory describing the elections as a major milestone in Myanmar's transition towards multiparty democracy. While India always supported the pro-democracy movement in the country, it also simultaneously courted the military junta regime earlier as it tried to rein in rebels in northeast and also to ensure that it did not lose out to other nations, mainly China, in tapping Myanmar's considerable energy sources.The PM is also expected to be accompanied by a large business delegation for the visit. India continues to lag behind even Thailand , Malaysia and Singapore as far as its investments in Myanmar are concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13159729", "title": "BSF apprehends Garo National Liberation Army linkman", "text": "SHILLONG: Acting on specific inputs, troops of the ex-50 battalion of the BSF deployed at the Maheshkhola border outpost in south Garo Hills district of Meghalaya apprehended one linkman of the recently outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Monday evening while carrying out a special operation.The linkman, from Gadigiri village, was caught while infiltrating into Indian territory near border post 1188/2-S. He has been identified as Sonion Marak (32). The BSF troops recovered Bangladeshi currency (Taka 8,500), Indian currency (Rs 500) and one mobile phone with a Bangladesh sim card.During preliminary questioning, Marak confessed that he was working with the GNLA and facilitating trans-border movement of GNLA cadres, an official at the Assam and Meghalaya frontier headquarters of the BSF here said. The apprehended person along with the seized items has been handed over to the concerned police station for necessary action.Recently, BSF troops of stationed at Balughat in West Garo Hills recovered a bag containing heroine worth around Rs 2,50,000. BSF troops of Meghalaya frontier have been carrying out extensive operations on the border and apprehending militants, infiltrators and smugglers, a BSF spokesperson said.In April, the BSF seized 688 bottles of phensedyl, 500 norphine injections and 1,535 bottles of liquor from the bordering areas. Besides, the troops also apprehend 11 smugglers, out of which seven were from Bangladesh and three from India. The BSF is taking all efforts to check smuggling of drugs and any other cross-border crime, the spokesperson iterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158864", "title": "Air cargo staff call off strike over pay hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Cargo movement at the air cargo hub of Chennai airport is likely to be affected till the weekend though loaders called off their strike on Tuesday. Loaders of Bhadra International, which does the ground handling at air cargo complex, struck work on Monday morning saying they were not satisfied with the new wage scale announced by the company.On Tuesday afternoon, the strike was withdrawn following discussions by Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials with Bhadra International and the employees. A senior airport official said the situation was chaotic as the cargo operations had been stopped for more than 30 hours since Monday morning. \"There is a cargo pile-up in the export and import divisions. We have started clearing cargo from the import section which will take a minimum of three days,\" said the official.Sources said the employees decided to withdraw the strike after the Bhadra management gave assurances on a wage hike. \"The strike has already affected operations. The maximum number of freighter services come to Chennai in the early days of the week,\" said a senior official. Normally, the air cargo hub gets most of its trade early in the week as most cargo handling and flight movements take place on Sunday night, Monday and Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13158479", "title": "Red bandh may disrupt traffic", "text": "Berhampur: Traffic in Maoist-hit areas of southern Odisha is likely to be affected on Wednesday following the bandh call given by CPI (Maoists). Combing operations were intensified in Ganjam district on Tuesday in view of this.The state-owned Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) has decided not to operate its vehicles on the bandh day in the Red-hit zones, particularly the buses passing through Gumuda in Rayagada district during the night. At least five long-route buses of the OSRTC are plying via Gumuda. \"While some buses which are passing through Gumuda will be cancelled, some other Malkanagiri-bound buses will be diverted,\" said A K Mishra, divisional manager of OSRTC, Berhampur division.The Srikakulam-Koraput division of CPI (Maoist) has given the nationwide bandh, particularly in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh , Jharkhand , Bihar , Chhattisgarh , West Bengal and Maharashtra. They want a halt to Operation Green Hunt and combing operations, closure of CRPF camps and non-establishment of the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) by the Centre.Police have started checking vehicles in Kandhamal district. Security forces have also been deployed in vulnerable areas, added SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj. Combing operation has been intensified in the border areas of Ganjam-Gajapati-Kandhamal districts by security forces on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159251", "title": "Grants for teaching, research soon", "text": "PATNA: The universities and colleges in Bihar are likely to get handsome grants from the Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, soon for strengthening teaching and research activities in science subjects.A final decision on the allocation of funds to the colleges and universities would be taken here on May 30 at a meeting of DST officials, state HRD officials and university officials. This was communicated to the Patna Science College principal and coordinator of the scheme Arun Kumar Sinha by education secretary S Shiv Kumar here on Tuesday. A detailed discussion about the DST scheme was held between the secretary and the principal.Bihar is the third state after Jammu and Kashmir and the north-eastern states to get special package from the DST for strengthening science teaching and research. As proposed, altogether 60 selected colleges of the state would be getting Rs 50 lakh each and each university would be getting Rs 1.5 crore for strengthening their science departments, according to DST officials. The state government is likely to sanction matching grants to the universities and colleges.Four colleges of PU, namely Patna Science College, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College would be getting Rs 50 lakh each, while PU would get a sum of Rs 1.5 crore for its postgraduate science departments. All the four PU colleges seeking DST funds are NAAC-accredited and each science department of PU has got at least five core faculty members which are supposed to be mandatory for the institutions claiming DST funds. The DST has also pleaded for centralized use of costly equipment by different departments.Earlier, a high-level team of DST led by its secretary had visited Bihar in May last year and interacted with the vice-chancellors and other senior officials of all the universities in the state in this connection. The team had advised the universities to assess their requirements properly and submit the same to the DST.PU departments have already submitted details of their future activities and the funds required for their implementation to the coordinator. There are altogether eight science departments in PU and if the university gets its share of Rs 1.5 crore, each department would get about Rs 20 lakh for strengthening its infrastructure and modernizing its laboratories. Two departments, namely zoology and geology, are also being supported by DST and UGC respectively under their special assistance programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159502", "title": "Strategic Karwar naval base set for major expansion", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the mammoth aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya slated to reach Indian shores early next year, the government is scrambling to launch the long-delayed expansion of the strategic Karwar naval base in coastal Karnataka at a cost of around Rs 13,000 crore.The Phase-IIA expansion of Karwar base, which gives the country both strategic depth and operational flexibility on the western seaboard, is now being sent to the Cabinet Committee on Security for the final nod after defence minister A K Antony approved it last week, top sources said.Defence secretary Shashikant Sharma visited Karwar recently to get a firsthand look at the naval base, which can currently base 11 major warships and 10 smaller ships after Phase-I completion at a cost of Rs 2,629 crore.Navy will be able to berth 32 major warships and submarines, and various other ships including 10 of the 80 fast-interceptor craft (FICs) to be acquired for coastal security force Sagar Prahari Bal, after Phase-IIA is completed by 2018-19.INS Vikramaditya, or the 44,570-tonne Admiral Gorshkov being refitted by Russia for $2.33 billion, will be inducted much before that. With the congested Mumbai harbour not capable of handling INS Vikramaditya, some warships may have to be shifted out from Karwar to accommodate the carrier.The six Scorpene submarines, being built at Mazagon Docks for Rs 23,562 crore and slated for induction in the 2015-2020 timeframe, will also be housed at Karwar. With its natural cover and depth of water, the base is ideal for stealthy submarine operations.Karwar is India's third major naval base after Mumbai and Visakhapatnam on the west coast, while Pakistan already has five at Gwadar, Ormara, Karachi, Pasni and Jiwani.Under Phase-II, Karwar will get an airbase, armament depot, dockyard complex and missile silos, apart from additional jetties, berthing and anchorage facilities. The eventual aim is to base 50 frontline warships at Karwar after Phase-IIB is completed.This is critical for strategic needs since the Navy is steaming ahead on its modernization path with 44 warships, six Scorpene submarines, 95 FICs and 106 smaller ships like barges, tugs and vessels already on order.In tune with the \"maritime capability perspective plan'', another 45 warships are in the pipeline. These include six stealth submarines, seven stealth frigates, 16 coastal anti-submarine vessels, four massive landing platform docks and eight mine counter-measure vessels.Overall, as first reported by TOI, Navy's ongoing conventional warship, submarine and maritime aircraft acquisition programme as well as proposed projects will together cost well over Rs 3,00,000 crore over the next 15 years.On the strategic front, Navy plans to have three SSBNs (nuclear-powered submarines with long-range nuclear missiles) and six SSNs (nuclear-powered attack submarines) in the long term. The first SSBN INS Arihant will become operational in first half of the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158213", "title": "Ex-governor's cop booked for causing hurt", "text": "PANAJI: A constable attached to the Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB), who is posted on security for a former Governor, has been booked by the Anjuna police for allegdly throwing red chilli powder in the eyes of a taxi driver and assaulting him.A case has been registered against constable Vikrant Tamankar under sections 324, 341 and 504 of IPC. He is yet to be arrested as the police are verifying if he was on duty at the time of the incident.Vikrant's brother Viraj and friend Nilkanth Salgaonkar, who were also booked for assaulting taxi driver Cornelio Fernandes along with Vikrant at 6.30 pm on May 10, surrendered before the Mapusa court on Tuesday. \"They were arrested and immediately released on bail by the Court. They have been asked to report at Anjuna police station for two days\", police said.Police said that Vikrant, his brother and Salgaonkar were upset with Fernandes as he had assaulted Vikrant's father on May 9. \"There was a fight between Cornelio and Vikrant's father, Gyaneshwar, over the taxi driver charging his fare. Gyaneshwar was upset with Fernandes for charging a lower fare and attracting passengers. This led to a verbal fight between the two, and Fernandes assaulted Gyaneshwar who was admitted to the Goa medical college and hospital with fracture of the jaw and dislocation,\" police said.Anjuna police registered a case against Fernandes for assualting Gyaneshwar and as the accused was absoconding, the police posted their men outside Fernandes' house. \"On learning that the police were on his trail, Fernandes claimed that he decided to surrender to he police and when he was coming to the police station, Vikrant, Vijay and Nilkanth stopped him at a junction at Siolim and threw red chilli powder in his eyes and assualted him,\" police said.Fernandes was admitted at Mapusa district hospital with injuries. Police are awaiting the medical report from the hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158661", "title": "Air India flyers make alternative bookings", "text": "MUMBAI: Flyers, booked on Air India (AI) in the coming days, are now making alternative bookings on other airlines as a contingency plan as the airline again cancelled five flights from Mumbai on Tuesday. Though this would mean paying more, flyers do not want to take a chance right now. AI cancelled flights to Shanghai , London , Ahmedabad and Newark as the pilots' stir continued.Prashant Kumar Banerjee and his wife debated for a few hours before they booked their tickets to Bangkok on an Indigo flight. Banerjee, his wife and three other members of the family are already booked on an AI flight to Bangkok on May 16. \"Due to the ongoing strike, we are not sure if our flight would operate as per schedule. Though AI hasn't cancelled flights to Bangkok yet, we do not want to wait till the eleventh hour,\" said Banerjee who booked alternative tickets on Indigo for May 17. \"It has cost us Rs 50,000 more to book new tickets. But it is better than booking on a higher rate or not getting a seat at all in case the flight is cancelled,\" he added. If the AI flight operates, Banerjee will have to pay Rs 2,000 as cancellation charge per person for the Indigo tickets.Many other passengers are now looking at alternative bookings to make sure that their holiday is not disrupted due to flight cancellations. Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels, said a family of four has booked alternative tickets for New York . \"The family is already booked on an AI flight. They bought AI business class tickets two months ago for Rs 2 lakh each. To avoid last minute problems, they have also booked seats on another international carrier,\" Rateria said. \"The new tickets cost Rs 3 lakh each,\" he added. Rateria said more people, who can afford to spend extra money, are likely to make alternative bookings if the strike continues for another two days.\"In case the flight is cancelled, passengers will have prior bookings on other airlines. They will anyway get a full refund from the cancelled AI flight. If the AI flight takes off, the passenger will pay a cancellation charge to cancel tickets on the other airline. In both cases, their hotel bookings and travel itinerary abroad will not suffer,\" a Fort-based agent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159181", "title": "Registrar's birth, death certificate is final: Patna high court", "text": "PATNA: The single bench of Justice Sheema Ali Khan of Patna high court, on Tuesday, observed that the birth or death certificate given by the municipality concerned is the authentic document.The case was related to nomination of a municipal poll candidate, Nikhat Parween, who did not beget the third child after the cut-off date fixed by the State Election Commission (SEC) as required under the two-child norm for the candidates.The court allowed Nikhat to contest the election for ward councillor in Jehanabad Nagar Parishad.The case was related to an objection raised by another municipal aspirant, Tarana Kaushal, that Nikhat gave birth to her third child after the cut-off date of April 4, 2008, fixed by the SEC to maintain the two-child norm. The court allowed the argument of Nikhat's counsel Shakeel Ahmad Khan that once the nomination was accepted by the returning officer, it could not be rejected.The petitioner challenged the rejection of her nomination after the returning officer had, for the second time, ordered an inquiry by the CDPO and ANM nurse regarding the date of birth of her third child, who, they had earlier reported, was born after the cut-off date. In the first inquiry report, the registrar, birth and death registration, had reported that Nikhat's third child was born before the cut-off date and, on the basis of this, Nikhat's nomination was allowed.Contradiction in Place and Time of Arrest: A single bench of Justice Akhilesh Chandra recently granted bail to a Abu Hanzala, with observation that there was material contradiction about the place and time of arrest of the petitioner. The court observed that this spoke volume about the working of state police and the copy of this court order be sent to the DGP for information and the needful.The petitioner's counsel, Shakeel Ahmad Khan, said that the petitioner was languishing in Gaya jail on charges under different sections of Indian Explosive Substance Act, Criminal Law Amendment Act and Prevention of Unlawful Activities act. He referred to the documents showing petitioner's arrest by Jehanabad mufussil police from his house while the charges in the FIR against him said that he was apprehended with explosive materials from a house at Gaya on identification of another accused, Kamaruddin, who was earlier apprehended by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158802", "title": "Big B shocked at Rasna girl Taruni Sachdev's death in Nepal air crash", "text": "MUMBAI: Amitabh Bachchan has expressed shock over the death of child artist Taruni Sachdev, who played his school friend in Paa, in Monday's plane crash in Nepal.The actor on Tuesday posted on his blog, \"Shocked and deeply grieved on learning of the tragic end of Taruni.\"Taruni was among 13 Indians who were killed in Nepal plane crash. The aircraft crashed into a hill while coming in to land at Jomsom in western Nepal.\"Just reading that Tarini Sachdev the girl child artist in Paa, has perished in Nepal plane crash... please God may this not be true,\" Amitabh Bachchan had tweeted on Monday.Taruni, 14, was famously known as the Rasna girl because of her appearance in the soft drink ad. She had featured in almost 50 ads with Bollywood stars including Karisma Kapur.The cute little girl friend of Auro in 'Paa' ! I had hoped that the news last night was incorrect, but sadly it has been confirmed this morning. Jomsom, Nepal at almost 10,000 ft in the middle of some of the most picturesque mountain ranges of the Himalayas was where the unfortunate crash took place.\"Amitabh has also posted his memories of Jomsom.\"Jomsom, where the plane crash in Nepal took place is where we shot Khuda Gawah, a raw airfield and most difficult to land on,\" posted Big B.Bachchan concluded his blog by saying,\"Taruni, a talented little child, who played much beyond her years, cute, confident and so immensely lovable. My prayers!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159686", "title": "Assam seeks oil dues to fight Reds", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government, in need of funds to tackle Maoists, is planning to ask the Union ministry of petroleum and natural gas to revoke its order of calculating royalty based on sale of crude oil and revert to the earlier method of calculation on well head price. The state has lost more than Rs 1300 crore due to underpayment of royalty by Oil India Ltd and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its report revealed that non-payment of royalty between April 2008 and March 2009 deprived the state of revenue of Rs 525.04 crore and about Rs 850 crore in 2009-10.\"The state government has requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to ask the petroleum and natural gas ministry to revoke its order . This will protect the interest of the state and ensure oil companies pay the royalty due to us. It has also been brought to the notice of the PM that rights over natural resources has been a issue in the state and the general belief is that the state is not getting its due share of benefits,\" a source said.The source added: \"The state is getting out of a long spell of insurgency and now the Maoists menace has cropped up. We need additional security forces and funds to counter this new problem. The loss of oil royalty and tax revenue is very substantial.\"Since 2009-10, the Centre has been cushioning oil marketing companies from losses incurred due to import of crude by getting them domestic crude from PSU oil producing companies at hugely discounted price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159709", "title": "Cotton College to improve education, infrastructure", "text": "GUWAHATI: Cotton College is emphasizing on improving the quality of education and research and solve the hostel accommodation problem so that college can be at par with national and international educational institutions, principal of Cotton College, Nirada Devi said.\"The purpose is to present the northeastern region as an educational hub. The college is soon to be given the status of a university and once that is done, we will collaborate with national and foreign universities and organize exchange programmes for the academic development of teachers and students,\" said Devi.Devi stated that the college has been witnessing a healthy competition from other private educational institutions and to maintain its status as a centre of excellence, the college will put more emphasis on its academic pursuits. \"We not only want to be the best in the northeast, but at par with national and foreign educational institutions as well,\" she added.The 112-year educational institute, which is considered one of the best educational centres in the northeast, is known for its outstanding results in different examinations at various levels. The college authorities is gearing up for the college to be upgraded to a university; the infrastructure of the college will also be developed to include better hostel facilities, smart digital classrooms and research cells.Since there is no hostel for female students, Devi said that hostel facility for women is their top priority. \"Due to the limitation of seats, the female students have to opt for private hostels. However, parents of girls are mostly hesitant in putting their wards in private hostels because of the high rates and security problem. I have already sent some proposals to the government. Some of the boy's hostels are in a dilapidated condition and we plan to improve the boy's hostels too. Though funds were sanctioned to improve the hostel conditions, the issue of preservation of heritage buildings came up. A good environment will foster a positive outlook amongst students,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13160034", "title": "National case writing workshop held", "text": "INDORE: Acropolis Technical Campus, Indore, organized a week-long 'National case writing workshop'. More than 20 faculty members of the Institute visited different industries including S&H; financial Services Pvt Ltd, Havells India Ltd , Volvo Eicher, Pithampur, Entertainment World Developers Pvt Ltd. They also prepared cases for classroom teachings.Sumeet Khurana, dean of Acropolis Technical Campus (Faculty of Management) said a case study is a tool for active learning. Gaurav Sojatia, vice chairman, Acropolis Technical Campus, said he believes in encouraging activities that promote industry-institute interface and practical learning for faculty development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160005", "title": "Blame it on the rains?", "text": "When thousands of villagers throng a temple pinning their hopes on a namesake spiritual guru's fast and fervently pray for rain showers in the climax of the fi lm Guide' , the skies above open up in the end. But unlike in the film where it was only nature to blame for the drought, in parched Hyderabad the depleting levels of water reservoirs or the plummeting ground water levels are essentially a manmade crisis, one that even the gods cannot fix . The crisis has been building over the last few decades, more so in the last 10 years during which time the powers that be chose to look the other way at the proverbial greener pastures, only this time the colour green symbolised the colour of money.Unplanned growth and urbanisation of Hyderabad over the last many years coupled with brazen encroachments on the catchments of Himayathsagar and Osmansagar reservoirs are largely responsible for the acute water crisis in the city. And if poor rains often find themselves being blamed as one of the primary reasons for the shrinking water levels, studies have indicated that Hyderabad has in fact received more or less consistent rainfall since 1961 (see box), fl uctuating between highs and lows but maintaining an average rainfall fi gure.But the inflows into the reservoirs have dropped drastically. Take the case of Osmansagar, where water infl ows have dropped from 330 million cubic metre in 1961 to a really dry 60 million cubic metre in 2009. The drop is similar even in the case of Himayathsagar where the inflows have dropped from around 450 million cubic metres in 1961 to just about 60-70 million cubic metre in 2009.\"Only 5 per cent of the total rainfall reaches Himayathsagar. In the case of Osmansagar it is 10 per cent,\" says B Venkateswara Rao, professor of water resources and coordinator, Centre for Earth Atmosphere and Weather Modification Technologies with JNTU. He says that the infl ows into Osmansagar used to be as good as 20-25 per cent in the past, which has dropped drastically now. Himayathsagar has traditionally reported poor infl ows, always less than 20 per cent but the current inflow statistic of 5 per cent is still a disturbing low. In fact, in his study on ground water, Venkateswara Rao notes that although there has been no rise in temperature and a normal rainfall during the study period of 1961-2009 , there has been a continuous drop in the runoff from the catchments (of the reservoirs).Ground water experts attribute the large scale drop in inflows largely to agricultural activity in the catchment areas of the reservoir which they say has increased from 7,000 hectares to 12,000 hectares, given the massive expansion that the city has witnessed in the last few years. Speaking for the water problem in the state, T Hanumanth Rao, former chief engineer of Andhra Pradesh's irrigation department says excessive ground water is being pumped for irrigation across the state. \"During 1988-89 , 11.33 hectares was irrigated by pumping ground water and by 2009-10 , this had increased to 22.84 lakh hectares,\" he says. Ground water department offi cials, however, note that while the total rainfall over the last many years may not have changed, but its pattern has.\"Rainfall now is in short spells as against being distributed over a period of time which leads to scarcity,\" says K Venugopal, joint director, ground water department. He says that the crisis has been building up since the Fifties and that the government is making efforts including rationing water supplies to villages etc to contain the problem.But it's possibly a case of too little too late. Apart from the catchment areas of important reservoirs, the ground water levels in the city too have been eaten into over the years, particularly after the Hi-Tech boom in Hyderabad. \"The city has an inherent water problem in any case and the ground water resources are not enough to cater to the increasing population,\" says activist M Mandal. He points out that the city now has many multistoried buildings, each standing on multiple-feet deep foundations (see box).Activists note that much of the drinking water crisis in Hyderabad could have been contained if the largescale commercial activities dangerously close to the reservoirs were stopped in time or not allowed to take off in the first place. \"Moreover, residential buildings are turning commercial . There are unauthorised structures and irregular buildings,\" points out Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158935", "title": "Travel agents in Kolkata bet big on Turkish delight", "text": "KOLKATA: With Turkish Airlines planning direct flights between Kolkata and Istanbul after the new terminal becomes operational, most travel operators in the city are upbeat. Some of them, however, pointed out that the Turkish carrier needs to go in for an elaborate planning to make the move sustainable. Unless this is done, it may land up in the same situation other international airlines did in the past and give the city a bad name.\"Turkish Airlines has shown interest in operating from Kolkata. However, there are some requisite permissions that need to be taken before they can start operations,\" said B P Sharma, director, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport.According to sources, Turkish Airlines has already applied for necessary clearances and is keen to start operations from the city as soon as the new terminal is ready. Not only is there a huge demand from people who wish to visit Turkey and the Mediterranean region, but also those who wish to change flights at Istanbul and fly into Europe. Turkish Airlines has been promoting Istanbul as a transit point for Europe-bound travellers. Nearly all European cities are at 3-4 hours flying time from Istanbul.\"There is tremendous potential for Istanbul. The Turkish government is doing a lot to promote tourism and the plans by Turkish Airlines are part of this. The tourism industry there is extremely well organized and travellers can feel safe. Agents' meets have already been planned and I believe that Turkish Airlines is planning to come to Kolkata in a big way,\" said Joydeep Mukherjee, regional vice-president, IATA Agents' Association of India.Travel Agents' Federation of India chairman (east) Anil Punjabi is aware of a survey that took place but believes that Turkish Airlines needs to sit down and discuss matters before starting operations from Kolkata.\"Istanbul is a very popular destination, no doubt. It is also true that there are no European carriers operating from Kolkata at the moment. However, a strategy needs to be formulated before flights start operating. Any airline will need to have a proper vision and should consider the possibility of sustaining losses for 2-3 years before breaking even. Unless matters are discussed with agents and plans formulated about frequency and timings, there is always the risk of airlines pulling out of a certain sector. We have seen this happen in Kolkata in the past. It just gives the sector a bad name without any reason,\" Punjabi said.According to Mukherjee, Turkish Airlines has already applied for the requisite clearances. So have other airlines. \"It all depends on how soon the new terminal in Kolkata becomes operational. We have information that at least nine airlines are looking at starting operations from the city. Those like British Airways and KLM already have valid licences. Cathay Pacific and Turkish Airlines are waiting to enter the market as soon as the terminal is ready,\" he said.Turkish Airlines has plans to connect with at least five cities in India. Through this move, the airline hopes to divert at least two-third of Europe-bound passengers through Istanbul. Given the propensity among Indians to travel to exotic locations on vacation, officials also want to promote Turkey and the Mediterranean as destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157704", "title": "Malaysian authorities promise all help to CBI in Aircel-Maxis case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malaysian authorities have assured full cooperation to CBI in furnishing information related to the Aircel-Maxis deal case in which former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran is named as an accused.A team of CBI officials returned from Kuala Lumpur after meeting the Malaysian attorney general who assured them that information sought by the agency through its letters rogatory would be furnished as soon as possible, agency sources said.During its meeting, the team, which included special director V K Gupta and DIG Sanjay Palsania, told the attorney general about the importance of the case and that it was being monitored by the Supreme Court, they said.He was informed that the then telecom minister was also named as an accused in the case and quick processing of the letters rogatory would help the agency in completing investigations. The agency wants to know about some financial transactions that had taken place from Maxis besides recording the statement of a non-executive director of the company who has been named in the FIR filed by CBI in October last year.Former Aircel chief C Sivasankaran had alleged that Maran, as the then telecom minister, had favoured Maxis group in the takeover of his company and return investments were made by it through Astro Network in Sun TV, owned by the Maran family.Both Maran and Maxis group have denied any wrongdoing and the Malaysian company had even said it was surprised over the CBI's action despite all clarifications provided during the initial phase of the probe. CBI had filed a case against Maran, his brother Kalanithi, chairman of Maxis Communication T Ananda Krishnan, senior executive of Astro All Asia Network and Maxis Ralph Marshall in connection with the Aircel-Maxis deal, alleging the former telecom minister had received Rs 547 crore as kickbacks from the Malaysian company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13159983", "title": "No valid papers, no registration", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are buying a site on the outskirts of the city, make sure all land conversion documents are in place.The inspector general of stamps and registration had directed all subregistrars , especially those in Bangalore Urban, Rural and Ramanagaram , not to register any property that does not have valid conversion certificates.The move follows unearthing of cases where properties were registered in the absence of land conversion documents, and sometimes, even by producing fake certificates. \"There have been rampant violations in the green zone, gram thana areas of these three districts where residential sites have been formed and sold by creating fake documents. Property buyers must contact the tahsildar's office to cross-check the authenticity of land records,\" said V Chandrashekar.\"The real estate lobby has spread into villages in these districts, where land specified as green zone and agricultural fields is sold as residential plots, with approval obtained from the deputy commissioners of the districts ,\" said a social audit conducted by the Right to Information Study Centre. On any given day, each sub-registrar registers about 15-20 properties of green zone and agriculture sites, in violation of Section 191 of the KarnatakaLand Revenue Act. As per the Act, both the buyer and seller of such properties can be prosecuted and the tahsildar concerned is empowered to initiate prosecution, says BH Vereesh, trustee of the Right to Information Study Centre who conducted the social audit.Beware of fake documents\"The gram panchayat used to issue a house list number, called khaneshmari, in the olden days, that separated agricultural land from residential areas within a village. During registration of sites in the green zone, the real estate mafia come up with some khaneshmari number and produce a fake khata receipt to establish ownership. That's how they get registration done. Both village panchayat officials and sub-registrars are involved in this scam, and the victims are the buyers, as they can't take loans against the property,\" says Vereesh.BUYING LAND? LOOK FOR THESE DOCUMENTSLand usage conversio n order from DC's office Layout approval from local planning authority. It can be BDA, BMRDA, development authorities of Nelamangala, Channapatna, Anekal Builder has to produce certificate of civic amenity sites relinquished with the local development authority", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157434", "title": "Pitezari scripts tent story to save tigers", "text": "NAGPUR: Tigers cannot be saved unless the future of thousands of those living around them is secured by providing them sustained livelihood options like the eco development committees (EDCs). The one in Pitezari, a small village on the fringes of Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary, has scripted a success story by reaping benefits of ecotourism.The 14-member EDC consisting of Pitezari locals has recorded a turnover of Rs 1.85 lakh in just two months since March 9 when it started operations. The EDC manages 10 tents meant for tourists' accommodation at Nagzira gate.Pitezari has surpassed EDC in Shahanoor, a village on the foothills of Narnala in Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), which had recorded a turnover of Rs 87,000 in January this year.\"Of the Rs 1.85 lakh, 20% (Rs 37,000) will go to the EDC while remaining 80% amount will be distributed among the stakeholders operating the tents and those employed by the committee - after paying towards raw material and maintenance,\" said tent manager Propeshwar Uikey.\"Being the peak tourism season, in March the EDC recorded a turnover of over Rs 51,000 followed by Rs 89,000 in April and over Rs 45,000 till mid May,\" informed Umesh Chauragade, forest guard and member-secretary of the EDC. There are 30 beds in these tents, each available for Rs 200 per day. The EDC also caters to breakfast and food. Each tent has been handed over to one youth from the village.\"\"We are paid Rs 5,000 as salary every month. A proper record of each tent is maintained,\" said Ambadas Madavi, a stakeholder.\"When we started the tents we did not even have money to pay the grocer. It was difficult to convince visitors as days were hot and nights cool. But with donations from Rajnesh Naidu we now have coolers, fans, bedsheets, mattresses, pillows and even bio-toilets,\" says Uikey. Nagpur-based Naidu runs a wildlife conservation NGO called 'India Reconnoitered'.The village youths see potential in the EDCs and say these should be extended to other villages on the periphery of Nagzira and New Nagzira. \"Due to poor financial condition, I couldn't study beyond Std XII. I've got employment through the EDC, and hope it sustains,\" says Devendra Bhalavi, who is in charge of one of the tents.\"We plan to extend the facility by five more tents,\" says MS Reddy, conservator of forests (CF), Gondia wildlife division.Although a new chapter has begun, there are apprehensions too. Chindu Wadhve and others who work as cooks in the EDC kitchen feel that they have lost revenue from tendu leaves after New Nagzira sanctuary was declared. \"Barring marginal farm land our crop is depredated by wild animals from the sanctuary. We don't have any other livelihood options and want sustained employment from tourism,\" said Wadhve.\"At least 20-25 families are getting benefit from the EDC,\" claimed Uikey.Conservationist Mukund Dhurve from Gondia says tourism during the monsoon and extending it to New Nagzira sanctuary can bring in more employment opportunities as guides and drivers for the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13159165", "title": "Coaching: A thriving industry", "text": "Coaching! There is hardly any family unfamiliar with the word in Bihar; be it because of one's child, neighbourhood or some family member engaged in this 'business'.It is the most thriving industry in Bihar with around 3,000 private institutes operating with an estimated annual turnover of over Rs 250 crore. If insiders are to believe, the figure will cross Rs 1,000 crore!While the popular centres coaching students to crack IIT, civil services, engineering, medical and banking examinations, resemble corporate offices, the smaller ones operate from a single hall accommodation. Hundreds of students sitting in a hall on small chairs give an impression of attending a political party meeting. And, the boom has crossed the urban boundary to reach semi-urban places.\"I have not seen so many hoardings across the city skyline anywhere else,\" Abhishek Srivastava of Mentors said. \"Students have a better grooming session here as teachers outside the state fail to understand them,\" he said, comparing Patna with other cities in India.\"There has been a heavy rush of students from rural background joining coaching classes in Patna. It is due to the inclination of the society towards medical and engineering stream,\" said MD of Goal, Bipin Kumar.\"The mushrooming of coaching centres can be attributed to two factors: Gap in education level between Class X and XII and the All India competitions and lack of alternatives in Bihar,\" said Anand Kumar of Super 30 fame. \"Education is the only way to bridge economic disparity and caste discrimination. I have visited Japan, Canada and Thailand but nowhere I saw students more hard working than in Bihar,\" he said.The state government brought the Bihar Coaching Institute (Control and Regulation) Act, 2010, which has mandatory proviso for the institutes to furnish details like number of students enrolled, subjects being taught, faculty members engaged and the available infrastructure. In fact, Bihar is the first state to bring in such legislation.In a state where secondary education needs quality improvement, these coaching institutions serve many students aspiring to crack competitive exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157626", "title": "Balrampur Hospital needs better crowd management: Health minister", "text": "Lucknow: The state health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan went on a surprise inspection of the Balrampur Hospital on Tuesday morning. Though largely satisfied with the facilities, the minister felt that the hospital needs better ways for crowd management. The hospital authorities took the opportunity to ask for more doctors and paramedics besides a hospital maintenance grant.In his two-hour-long visit, the minister extensively examined the quality of healthcare services being provided by the centre. He randomly spoke to patients and inquired about availability of medicines. He particularly asked if the patients' attendants were made to buy medicines from outside or not. It may be noted that the state government has laid immense focus on the availability of medicines in government hospitals.Thereafter, he went to the chambers of several doctors. In places where the doctor was not present, he sought an answer from the hospital authorities. For all the departments, the officials were able to provide a valid reason. For instance, one of the doctors had to rush to the ward as the condition of a patient in the OPD collapsed, while another had gone to the medical university for a training programme.The minister who was accompanied by principal secretary health Sanjay Agarwal, director general health Dr Ramji Lal and director general family welfare Dr Chiraunji Lal walked through ward number 5,6,7 and 8 and spoke to patients about the quality of food and their view on general cleanliness. Largely satisfied with the condition of the services, the minister went to the emergency unit and inspected the emergency operation theatre.The minister moved out and went to the medicines stores to verify claims that the hospital had full stock of medicines. He also went to the ENT, neurosurgery, orthopaedics and cardiology wards. His last stop was the physiotherapy unit with which the minister was not satisfied. He was informed that there was only one physiotherapist posted in the hospital which was too less considering the burden of patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13159640", "title": "Private players to fill education skyline?", "text": "Enter Bihar and one feels the vivacity of a competitive and thriving market of education in the state. The phenomenon is not new to the state, which has been a seat of quality education from ancient times, the famous Nalanda University being a jewel in its crown.But, the state lagged behind when private players went around other states offering vocational and job-oriented technical courses. It's only for the last few years that Bihar has started beckoning big brands in the field. Even private schools have started diversifying by introducing MBA and hotel management courses on their campuses.Such private ventures in Patna include Amity Global Business School, International School of Management, Catalyst Institute of Management &amp; Advance Global Excellence, Moslow Business School, Inductus Business School, Alphia Institute of Business Management, NETWORLD, Patliputra School of Mass Communication, Mother's International Technical &amp; Management Institute, Angel Institute of Higher Education, AVAGMAH Business School and Global Enterprises &amp; Management Academy.Even remote places have attracted institutions such as Amrapali Institute of Technology-Lakhisarai, Azmet Institute of Technology-Zafarnagar (Kishanganj), K K College of Engineering &amp; Management-Berauti (Biharsharif), Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology-Amhara (Bihta), Patna Sahib College of Engineering &amp; Technology-Bhagwanpur (Vaishali), Sityog Institute of Technology Growth Centre-Aurangabad, Vidyadaan Institute of Technology &amp; Management-Arion (Dumraon), Vidya Vihar Institute of Technology-Purnia, College of Nursing (Kurji Holy Family Hospital-Patna), International Architecture Research Academy-Jamalpur and Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Research Centre-Phulwarisharif, among others.As for the government policy, education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh told TOI the government would support any institution willing to offer market-driven courses like CA, computer applications, nursing, BEd and MBA to students and set up its branch or campus in Bihar. \"We are ready to bear the project cost and make the land registration free as we need such institutions,\" he said.However, Singh ruled out allowing private or deemed universities to set up campuses in the sate. \"The government has set up Aryabhatta Knowledge University under an Act in 2008 for quality control and brought all medical and engineering colleges in the state under its umbrella as far as their syllabus and exams are concerned. It has also been allocated over Rs 50 crore for its building to be constructed on a 10-acre land near Mithapur Bus Stand. The government will bear a recurring annual expenditure of Rs 2 crore on its functioning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13158050", "title": "Record students get first division in science", "text": "AJMER: Girls yet again outperformed boys in the RBSE's Class XII science results declared on Tuesday.A record 61,373 students passed with first division marks in the exams conducted by the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education. The overall pass percentage was 75.75% with girls performing better at 82.29% against 73.72% for boys.RBSE chairman Subhash Garg said, \"The objective is to ensure students applying to different institutes get their marksheets on time.\"Nearly 1,44,181 students appeared in the exam from the state, of whom 1,09,218 cleared it. While majority of the students secured a first division, 47,154 got second division while 387 passed the exam with third division marks. Only 304 students were declared just passed, while the number of students to get compartment stood at 6,695.After an impressive performance in the commerce results which were declared a few days ago, girls continued their winning streak this time too. Of the total 34,118 girls who sat for the exam, 28,075 cleared it. Against this, 81,143 boys managed to pass the exam out of 1,28,075. While 42,270 boys secured a first division, it was 19,103 for girls.The top spot went to Vikrant Sharma of Padampur tehsil who scored 96.80%, followed by Sarita Swami of Jhunjhunu who secured 95.80%. The third position was grabbed by Rotash Kumar of Churu district while the fourth spot was shared by Ajay Yadav from Alwar district and Himanshu Soni from Jhunjhunu.Ghanshyam Jangir of Churu and Swati Buri of Jhunjhunu stood fifth, followed by Anuja Gupta of Jaipur. The seventh position was shared by Aniket Kumar Sharma of Kotputli and Jaydeep Dugar of Sikar. Hemant Kumar Verma of Jhunjhunu and Arpit Nama of Kota stood eighth in the merit list declared by the Board.The top 12 students in the merit list scored marks between 97% and 94%.Results at a glanceTotal students appeared 1,44,181Passed 1,09,218Supplementary 6695Total pass %age 75.75", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13159271", "title": "Gade named vice-chancellor of Pune University", "text": "PUNE: Noted biologist and life sciences expert Wasudeo Namdeo Gade will be the new vice-chancellor (VC) of the University of Pune (UoP), announced the Raj Bhavan on Tuesday, thus bringing to an end an eight-month-long search.The key post was lying vacant ever since R K Shevgaonkar resigned as the Pune university VC on September 15, 2011, following his appointment as the director of IIT Delhi .State governor K Sankaranarayanan, in his capacity as the Chancellor of universities, cleared Gade's name from among five candidates, who were shortlisted by the VC's search committee, headed by former Punjab &amp; Haryana high court chief justice Mukul Mudgal.The panel had shortlisted the candidates in January for final selection by the governor. However, the process got entangled in a legal tussle in the Bombay high court over a PIL challenging the composition of the VC's search committee.On May 11, the high court dismissed the PIL, paving the way for Raj Bhavan to announce the final selection.Gade is currently the director of the UoP's Board for Colleges and University Development (BCUD), which is the second most important office in the varsity.His new appointment is for a five-year term and will come into effect from the date he will assume charge of the office of the VC or till he attains the age of 65 years, whichever is earlier.Born on November 20, 1952, Gade obtained his BSc in biology from the Nagpur university and later secured his MSc (life sciences), MPhil and PhD in life sciences from the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. He was a post-doctoral fellow in France and Sweden between 1988 and 1990.Gade is a recipient of the Lupin Endowment Award instituted by the University Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai, and has served as a scientist in the Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology of CSIR in Delhi for 20 years between 1983 and 2003. He was Reader and later Professor in the department of biotechnology, University of Pune, from July 2003 till he became BCUD chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13159096", "title": "Youth barges into girls\u2019 hostel, kills self", "text": "Jaipur: Panic gripped Jhalawar Government Engineering College's girls' hostel on Tuesday when a 22-year-old youth barged into the building and fired in the air. He later took a girl hostage and then shot himself.The youth, Lalbahadur Singh, a polytechnic student of a private college in Kotputli, was upset after his girlfriend had \"ditched\" him. She was allegedly seeing someone called Gaurav.Around 11.30 am on Tuesday, Singh barged into the hostel brandishing a country-made gun. \"He fired two shots in the air and was desperately looking for the girl. When he could not find her, he took another girl, Monika Gupta, hostage and took her into a room on the ground floor and locked it,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, other girls rushed out crying for help. Some of them informed the police. Senior police officers, including the SP, addl SP, dySP and SHO of Sadar police station, rushed to the spot.\"However, Monika managed to slip out of the room from the back door and bolted it from outside but got stuck in the balcony. A team then had to cut the grill to help her out,\" said the officer.As the police officers tried to calm him down, he alleged that despite knowing him from their school days, she dumped him and is going around with another person. He also insisted that the girl be brought in front of him.While Singh was standing at the front door, police officers maintained a safe distance from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157752", "title": "22-yr-old shoots self after girlfriend dumps him in Jhalawar", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic gripped the girls' hostel of Government Engineering College in Jhalawar on Tuesday when a 22-year-old youth barged into its building, fired a gunshot, took a girl hostage and then shot himself.The youth, who was a polytechnic student at a private college in Kotputali town of Jaipur, was vexed as her girlfriend staying in the hostel had dumped him. She had allegedly developed a friendship with another man. After negotiating with the girl, the police and media persons for over two hours, he pulled the trigger on himself in a hostel room.The youth, Lalbahadur Singh, was a resident of Ghari village near Maniya town in Dholpur district. \"The police found an ID card from his clothes, this is how they got to know he was pursuing studies at Regional Polytechnic College in Kotputali. However, his family members said that he was living in the Sitapura area in Jaipur,\" said Jhalawar SP Balmukund Varma.He added that Singh had done his schooling from Maniya town where he developed friendship with a girl in his class. \"The girl then went to study at the Government Engineering College in Jhalawar, while he came to Jaipur,\" said the officer.Around 11.30 am on Tuesday, Singh entered the hostel building brandishing a country-made gun. \"He fired two shots in the air shouting the girl's name simultaneously. When he could not find the girl, he took another girl, Monika Gupta, hostage and took her into a room on the ground floor and locked it,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, other girls rushed outside shouting and crying for help. Some of them informed the police. Senior police officers including SP, addl SP, dySP and SHO of Sadar police station rushed to the spot.\"While he came to the room's front door, Monika slipped out of the back door and bolted it from outside. A police team then had to cut the ventilator grills in the balcony to take her out,\" said the officer.As the police officers tried to calm him down, he alleged that the girl who was his school mate had dumped him and developed friendship with another youth Gaurav. \"He kept rambling on about the girl and demanded she be brought there,\" said the officer.While Singh was standing at the front door's threshold, the police officers maintained a safe distance from him. The girl was brought there. She also promised to continue friendship with him if he surrendered the gun to the police. \"Singh then demanded that some newspapers reporters be brought in. As we followed his demands, he said that he wanted to talk to his family members on mobile phone,\" SP said.He added that Singh threatened to kill 10-20 people before shooting himself. However, around 1.30 pm, he asked for some time to make his decision.\"Promising to come back soon, he went into the room. We suddenly heard a gunshot and later found the youth in a pool of blood. The bullet had pierced his temple. However, he died at SRG Hospital while undergoing treatment around 2.45 pm,\" said the officer.The officer said that Singh had come to the hostel in January as well. \"He had consumed alcohol and threatened the girl, who had informed the police. He was booked under section 151 of CrPC and arrested. He was released the next day,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13160561", "title": "State BJP for action against BSY", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa went on the offensive against leaders in his party, the BJP state unit closed ranks and recommended disciplinary action against him.But they may have played into Yeddyurappa's hands as expulsion from the party will fetch him an outpouring of sympathy. He is also said to have indicated that he sees no point in going to New Delhi and meet party bosses and is prepared for any disciplinary action.Among several theories being cited for Yeddyurappa backtracking on his threat to quit his MLA seat on Monday, one talks about not wanting to leave his constituency seat vacant for a long time. The CBI filing an FIR against both his sons, son-in-law and him in the illegal mining issue on Tuesday is a setback for Yeddyurappa and stopped him in his tracks in taking on the party . He deputed his emissaries ministers Basavaraj Bommai and V Somanna to New Delhi to file complaints against the CM, BJP state president KS Eshwarappa and MP Ananath Kumar.There were also reports of minister Shobha Karandlaje camping in New Delhi and trying to meet Congress leaders. This is said to be for a long-term plan for an electoral alliance.On Tuesday, Yeddyurappa was absent at the BJP's meeting convened to discuss electoral strategy for elections to the six legislative council seats from the graduates' and teachers ' constituencies. This is the second time in recent months, when Yeddyurappa was absent at an election meeting. He didn't campaign in the Chikmagalur-Udupi Lok Sabha bypoll too.Gowda ruled out calling the BJPLP meeting, which Yeddyurappa's camp is demanding. \"Nothing has happened which warrants a meeting . If there is anything, I'll discuss it with the central leadership,'' he added.SHETTAR LOSES OUT AGAINRural development and panchayat raj(RDPR) minister Jagadish Shettar was unlucky this time too as Yeddyurappa failed to suggest his name as the alternative to Sadananda Gowda. Yeddyurappa reportedly remained silent on Monday in the meeting at his residence when legislators loyal to him raised this issue. Some legislators said Yeddyurappa has not given up hopes of becoming CM again. `` We got together and urged him not to leave the party. If he has issues with Gowda as CM, an alternative could be suggested,'' a minister said.The minister saidthough his cabinet colleagues loyal to Yeddyurappa were willing to give up their posts, none of the MLAs were ready to quit the assembly membership. When Yeddyurappa suggested that the MLAs resign and bring down the government, some of his supporters said they were ready to give up ministership but couldn't sacrifice assembly membership because they were answerable to the people.TIMES VIEWFinally , there is some unanimity in the state unit of the BJP. Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's tirade against central leaders appears to have united the cadre into talking about disciplinary action against him. This is something the party, which once prided itself for its discipline, should have done some months ago. Isolated, Yeddyurappa may stop throwing tantrums and allow CM Sadananda Gowda to govern. That he still hasn't given up his ambition to be CM again is obvious, but he now has a legal battle to worry about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new agar nagar", "code": "13160085", "title": "From successful model to video director, Bobby takes giant strides", "text": "NEW AGAR NAGAR: From a successful model to a video director, 21-year-old Bobby Layal has come a long way in the world of glamour.Daughter of Parvinder Singh Layal, a businessman and astrologer, and Navjeet Kaur, a homemaker, Bobby who is currently studying in BBA Part-III in Punjab College for Technical Education, said, ''I stepped into the world of fashion by winning a small pageant in Ludhiana. The win boosted me to move forward in the field. With parental guidance and support I got my portfolio done by photographer Manish Gupta and following that, I started with ramp shows and shoots across different states and regions.''Listing her achievements, Bobby, who was born in Kolkatta and studied there till high school, said, ''I have been a part of many national and international beauty pageants, music albums and still adds. Among the beauty pageants, I contested for Miss India Universe I AM SHE 2011, where I was among the top 10 finalists and was groomed by Sushmita Sen and Lubna Adams. I have represented India in China and won Asian Super Model 2011. I also have received ''Model Star Award'' in Korea at Korean Model Awards 2011, besides I was first Runner up in unique beauty pageant Indian Princess 2012, held in Mumbai. I also have done music videos for Jasbir Jassi in 2009 in his song ''Jogia'', Gurvinder Brar (2009), in 2011 Ravinder Grewal's ''Kalli Nu Mil Mitra'' and ''Aakh Da Kaara'', in 2010 Inderjeet Nikoo's ''Tashann Yaara Da'' (a tashan channel promotional song), in 2011 Jassi Sidhu's ''Has Loh Sohneyo'', ''Alfaa'', ''Rickshaw'', in 2012 Bhinda Aujla's ''Ishq'' and ''Sharaab''.Bobby adds, ''I have also done various ramp shows and print shoots in India as well as abroad for famous brands. Among leading designers I have worked with J J Valaya, Satya Paul, Ritu Kumar, Shantanu 'n' Nikhil, Neeta Lulla, Manish Malhotra, Charu Parashar, Rajat Tangri and Sikander Nawaz.''Moving on to her directoral venture, she adds, ''I have also directed a Punjabi song (unnamed) which will be released soon and have acted in a Punjabi movie.''About her future plans, Bobby said, ''One of my biggest achievements is that I will be contesting ''Miss Inter Continental 2012'' which will be held in Spain, where I will be representing my country. I am also excited to be part of India's biggest fashion week ''India Bridal Week 2012''. I am also waiting for the right break in Bollywood.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158786", "title": "It's licence to drive, not kill: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: The driving licence is a licence to drive vehicles and not to kill people, the Madras high court said on Tuesday, refusing to order the reinstatement of a corporation driver who was dismissed for causing an accident in which eight passengers died and 20 others were injured.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, rejecting the plea of R Rajan who was dismissed by the Salem division of the state transport corporation, also had a word of caution for labour courts handling similar cases. \"The labour tribunals and courts are duty-bound to bear in mind the public interest rather than extending misplaced sympathy to the drivers who commit accidents.\"On June 28, 2002, a bus being driven by Rajan plunged into a well at Poimaankaradu in Salem district, killing eight passengers and injuring 20 others. Rajan was dismissed from service in September 2002.Rajan moved the Salem labour court claiming that the accident was due to a mechanical failure and that he could not be blamed for an act of God. He said when the bus hit the wall of a well, several passengers attempted to get off the vehicle in panic. This tilted the balance of the bus which then plunged into the well, he said.The transport authorities, however, told the court that as per a report by the motor vehicle inspector the bus had been issued fitness certificate only three days before the incident and that the vehivle had no mechanical defect. The labour court declined to order the transport corporation to reinstate him.Justice Vasanthakumar, citing this report, concluded that the accident was due to the rash and negligent act of the driver, who could not furnish any proof in support of his claim that mechanical defect was the reason behind the accident.Upholding the labour court order, the judge said: \"Considering the magnitude of the accident and the findings given by the labour court that the accident occurred due to the rash and negligent driving.\"Justice Vasanthakumar further said: \"The number of persons who had travelled in different types of vehicle in 2011 (in TN) was 1.53 crore and the number of deaths due to various vehicle accidents was reported as 15,422. The state is also taking effective measures to reduce such accidents. In fact, in 2011 alone, 3,211 driving licences were temporarily suspended and 275 licences were cancelled by the authorities. If any indulgence is shown to drivers who commit accidents, killing passengers or others, it will give wrong impression to persons who are driving vehicles without concern for others' lives.\"Earlier this year, the Supreme Court had asked the government revisit the sentencing policy in rash driving cases and wanted a stronger IPC section, 304-II, which provides for a jail term of up to 10 years, invoked against negligent drivers who cause deaths on roads.Justice Vasanthakumar said that the accident was due to the rash and negligent act of the driver R Rajan, who could not furnish any proof in support of his claim that mechanical defect was the reason behind the accident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13158406", "title": "Bank accounts of Apna Ghar shelter house frozen", "text": "ROHTAK: All bank accounts of NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh have been frozen and an audit of the institution initiated after the incident of alleged sexual abuse, bonded labour, physical and mental exploitation of its inmates came to light last week, officials said.The NGO ran 'Apna Ghar' shelter home, which is now being overseen by a government-appointed administrator, after the NGO's head was among those arrested.The state's women and child development minister Geeta Bhukkal said on Tuesday that steps were being taken to shift the inmates to various other shelter homes where a safe environment could be provided to them.Medical check-ups of all the inmates had been conducted by a team led by the chief medical officer, she said.A detailed profile of each inmate along with their photographs had been prepared.The Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) functionaries were also providing them pre-school education and involving them in recreational activities.The minister said that it had been made mandatory for the institutions and organisations running institutional or non-institutional care services for children in need of care and protection, whether government or voluntary, to be registered under the Juvenile Justice Act, 2000 and the Orphanages and Other Charitable Homes Act, 1960.All such institutions must apply to the Programme Officer ICDS before June 30, 2012 in the prescribed format, she added. The Minister said that in case they fail to do so, strict action would be taken against managers or owners of such homes which were being run illegally without registration.Such action would include penalty or closure of institutions or homes.Cases would be registered against culprits found guilty of committing any offence against children or women in that home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13159946", "title": "Sculptors unite to carve Kozhikode\u2019s heritage on granite", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city will soon be able to stake its claim as a city of sculptures. Eminent sculptors from across the country descended on the city on Tuesday to take part in the national granite sculptors' camp. They will sculpt 15 mega sculptures which are set to become the future landmarks of the city.Among the notable sculptures taking shape at the ADM Bungalow at Malapparamba is a Rs 1 crore worth work created by sculptor KS Radhakrishnan, who is also the director of the camp. The sculpture will be installed either at the district collectorate or at Mananchira.It will be made out of granite and brass with the creator himself bearing most of the expenses. The workshop is organized by the Kerala Lalithakala Akademi in association with the District Tourism Promotion Council. The 27-day-long camp, attended by 12 noted sculptors, was inaugurated by Artist Namboodiri by chiseling a black granite stone.Speaking at the function, district Collector KV Mohankumar said the sculptures will reflect the historic and cultural heritage of the district. He said the workshop will provide an opportunity for art students and sculpture enthusiasts to see the birth of a sculpture at the hands of eminent sculptors.K A Francis, chairman of Lalithakala Akademi, said 25 locations around the city have been shortlisted for installing the sculptures. He said the event will hold the record of creating maximum number of sculptures from a single location in such a short time.\"The sculptures created in the camp will on an average be 15-20 ft high and will change the face of the city once they are installed at prominent locations across the city,\" he said.He said the renovated art gallery at Kozhikode would be opened to public by the end of this month.He also said that state government has decided to allow artists from the state to hold exhibitions at the Travancore Art gallery in New Delhi.Noted sculptors from across the country attending the camp include Adwait Prasad Gadanayak (Odisha), Rajendrakumar Tiku(J&K;), Deepika Saha (Tripura), Pradeep Kambathalli (Karnataka), Nantu Bihari Das and Sourav Jana (West Bengal).Among the sculptors from the state who are participating in the camp are K P Soman, Joseph M Varghese, Johns Mathew and P H Hochimin and VK Rajan who is the convenor of the camp.A Pradeepkumar MLA, councillor K C Shobitha and sculptor Jeevan Thomas spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161889", "title": "Sunil, Naga Chaitanya in Vettai Remake", "text": "Telugu cinema's budding hero Naga Chaitanya is likely to join hands with comedian-turned-hero Sunil. A source close to the actor reveals that duo might work together for the Telugu remake of the successful Tamil film \"Vettai\". \"Bellamkonda Suresh is producing this movie and Dolly of \"Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam\" fame is directing it. Naga Chaitanya will start shooting for this film immediately after wrapping up \"Autonagar Surya\",\" says our source.Revealing more details of the film, our source says, \"Sunil will play an introvert cop (originally enacted by R Madhavan ), while his younger brother Naga Chaitanya (Arya's role) will play an aggressive and jobless lad.\" With \"Poola Rangadu\" clicking at the BO, Sunil is now being considered a safe bet for lead roles. According to industry watchers, the unusual combo venture of Naga Chaitanya and Sunil is sure to generate a lot of interest. The shooting is likely to start in the last week of June and the leading ladies for this Telugu remake are yet to be announced.Also, Bellamkonda Suresh's abrupt decision to buy the remake rights of \"Vettai\" has surprised one and all. Initially, Suresh made a bid to buy the remake rights of \"Vettai\", but later relinquished it and the original filmmakers thought of going ahead and dubbing the film in AP with the title \"Bhale Tammudu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159144", "title": "Rain in Kolkata suburbs may cool sizzling city", "text": "KOLKATA: Tuesday was a mite better that the previous day's scorcher - but still a torture. The cloud cover that hovered intermittently over Kolkata turned out to be deceptive.Even if you stood in the shade on Tuesday, you sweated like crazy. And though the discomfort factor wasn't as high as Monday's it was still stifling and unbearable.But if you live in the suburbs, there is some good news. It might rain in the outer reaches although the city proper is not likely to get any rain any time soon. The best you can hope for, if you stay anywhere between Garia and Dum Dum, is for the cool winds to blow in from the fringes.On Tuesday, the discomfort index stood at 65 degrees, four less than Monday but still nine degrees above normal. Tuesday's maximum temperature stood at 36.3 degrees Celsius, a shade lower than Monday's 37.9 degrees and two degrees above normal. The mercury is expected to climb to 38 degrees on Wednesday.\"People can tolerate the temperature even if it is four to five degrees above normal but if the discomfort index goes up by even three degrees above normal, the weather becomes unbearable. Since this index has been very high for the past few days, you feel extremely uncomfortable,\" said a meteorologist.\"We do not see rain in Kolkata immediately. But there could be light spells of rain in isolated parts of the city's surroundings. However this will not bring any significant change in the weather condition,\" said GC Debnath, director, Regional Meteorological Centre.The latest radar observation indicates thundershowers in parts of Howrah, Hooghly, Bankura, Birbhum, Burdwan and Nadia by Tuesday night.Unless Kolkata is hit by a Nor'wester, there won't be much change in the sultry weather condition. Though May is the peak season for Nor'westers, the thunderstorm continues to elude the city because of a \"disturbed weather phenomenon\", says the weatherman.\"Currently, we are getting moisture-laden wind from the Bay of Bengal , which makes the humidity level high. For a Nor'wester to happen, such wind has to flow in from the Chhotanagpur region. If it rains in the surroundings, Kolkata's weather might improve,\" said Devendra Pradhan deputy director general, IMD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158769", "title": "'NCTC will be more in domain of home ministry'", "text": "PUNE: General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Southern Command, Lt General A K Singh on Tuesday said that the Union government's proposal to set up the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) will be \"more in the domain of the ministry of home.\"During a question-answer session after delivering the annual General B C Joshi memorial lecture at the University of Pune's department of defence and strategic studies, Singh said, \"There is a healthy interplay between the home and defence ministries in order to achieve a comprehensive security system in the country. The NCTC, which will deal with the police and the Intelligence Bureau, is more in the domain of the ministry of home.\"Singh delivered a lecture on the perspective of war in the 21st century and how conventional warfare will remain an integral part despite sophistication of wars post the 9/11 attacks in the US.Citing Sri Lanka's successful adoption of generic methods in their counter-insurgency operation to combat the LTTE guerillas, he said, \"It would be unwise of any country to write the obituary of conventional warfare because most challenges in the modern world involve the use of conventional combat like hand-to-hand and know-how of guerilla warfare.Russia used cyberspace to gain an upper hand in their war against Georgia , while Sri Lankan army adopted guerilla tactics to breach the LTTE bastion. It is evident that countries should go ahead with development of low-tech artillery along with the general discretion of building sophisticated weapons to tackle both low- and high-intensity warfare.\"\"Conventional warfare has become even more crucial since the entry of non-state actors has led to an escalation of low-intensity warfare in the last decade. Thomas Friedman , an eminent journalist, said that future warfare will constitute 90% wars with non-state actors and it will be crucial for the security forces across the world to use indigenous tactics to thwart the enemies' potency,\" he added. He said that because of complications arising out of dealing with various non-state elements, a quick and decisive action will not be possible and it has to be a protracted battle in order to achieve the desired results.Singh also said that it is \"very difficult\" for security forces across the world to adapt/change to indigenous forces if they are top-heavy due to piling of sophisticated arms.Regarding Pakistan , he said, \"Nations like us, who have water and land disputes with our neighbours, have to prepare for a state versus state scenario. Therefore, we have to adopt 'force-based structure' to negate external threats.\"He said that air power (Air Force) would remain significant in the 21st century wars during counter-insurgencies and precision strikes. He further said that the role of the naval forces would become more significant to counter threats on high seas, expeditionary reasons to discover natural resources in the seas, controlling of sea and humanitarian causes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159858", "title": "Thane men held for snatching chain in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Two chain-snatchers who were arrested after being chased by the husband of a victim shocked local police by revealing that they were from Thane. At 3.30pm on Monday, the gold chain worn by Sangita Shelke was snatched in the Chehedi area at Nashik Road. Two persons on a bike snatched Shelke's chain and fled the scene. Shelke immediately informed her husband Sham about the incident.Shelke owns a transport business at Chincholi Phata along the Nashik-Pune Road, and since the burglars had rushed towards Sinnar, Shelke kept a watch on the Sinnar Road to see if they drove past him.Once he spotted the duo, Shelke started following them, in turn being followed by the Nashik Road police. Cops said that after reaching Sinnar, the chain-snatchers entered a petrol pump. Shelke followed them there and saw two traffic cops there. He immediately informed the cops about the matter. The traffic cops then rushed to nab the miscreants, but the pillion rider managed to escape.However, in the chaos taking place at the petrol pump, the crowd gathered at the spot saw the pillion driver rushing towards the bus stand and in a matter of a few minutes he was being chased by the public, who then handed him over to the police. The Nashik Road police then reached the spot and arrested the culprits.The two accused, Ashok Gangurde and Sanjay Bhasin, both hailing from Thane, were finally arrested by the Nashik Road and Sinnar police after being chased till Sinnar, 25km away from Nashik Road. It may be noted that the Nashik police have arrested many culprits from Thane involved in chain-snatchings and cases of impersonation, where robbers pose as cops.The city police said that the modus operandi of the criminals from Thane and Kalyan is to come to Nashik, snatch a chain or two from people in the city and escape towards Sinnar to misguide the police. After paying obeisance at Shirdi, the culprits snatch a chain or two on their way back also and then leave for their homes.This modus operandi of the culprits has always left the city police clueless about the whereabouts of chain-snatchers. The two accused in this case of chain-snatching, arrested by the Nashik Road police, were remanded in police custody till May 18 on Tuesday. When the accused were presented in court, the magistrate ordered police custody for both of them till May 18, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159749", "title": "Sale, use of plastic products banned in Guwahati from June 1", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has prohibited the sale or use of plastic products that could clog the city's drainage system ahead of monsoon. In order to reduce the enormity of urban floods and bring down the pollution level, GMC commissioner Puru Gupta has ordered that no person will be allowed to sell or use plastic cups, plates and similar products. \"From June 1 onward, our enforcement officials will strictly implement the order and slap a penalty on violators. GMC has taken the step so that drains in the city can carry excess rain water, \" GMC commissioner Puru Gupta said.The civic body has urged traders and the public to refrain from using thermocol for packing fish, vegetables, ice etc. The recent GMC order has also asked people not to dispose plastic products or thermocol at public places, streets, drain or water bodies within the GMC area. \"It has come to the notice of the corporation that drains in the city are blocked with plastics products and thermocols used to make disposable cups, carry bags and packaging material for food products, resulting in obstruction of the normal flow water,\" read the order.Clogged drains has created a nuisance in the city and is a major cause of artificial floods, apart from being a known health hazard. GMC has also directed all concerned to strictly comply with Rule 5, 8, 9 and 10 of the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2011, regarding manufacture, stocking, distribution, sale and use of carry bags and sachets. \"A minimum will soon be charged on carry bags depending upon their quality and size. GMC will issue a notification in this regard,\" said Gupta.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who also heads the Guwahati Development Department (GDD), on Saturday visited various parts of the city to review the cleaning and desiltation works of drains undertaken by the GMC and the water resources department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13161707", "title": "Tulip Telcom posts Rs 67.1 cr net profit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Enterprise data services company Tulip Telecom today reported a 18.8 per cent decline in net profit at Rs 67.1 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 compared to the year-ago period.This is against a net profit of Rs 82.7 crore registered in the January-March 2011 quarter, Tulip Telecom said in a statement.The company's net sales, however, increased 3.7 per cent to Rs 638 crore in the reported quarter from Rs 661.7 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.Tulip's net profit for the 12 months ended March 31, 2012 increased 1.1 per cent at Rs 309.7 crore compared to Rs 306.4 crore in the previous fiscal.With this, the company's total revenues for the 12 months ended March 31, 2012 stood at Rs 2,705.1 crore, up 15.1 per cent from Rs 2,351.1 crore in FY'11.\"Our focus for FY'13 will remain on strengthening our Managed Services portfolio leveraging Tulip's strong presence in the data center space, while the fibre-based data connectivity business continues to strengthen with an expanded product and service offerings,\" Tulip Telecom CMD H S Bedi said.Also, the growing interest and needs of the government and BFSI sectors for end-to-end Information Communication and Technology services, these sectors are more likely to provide an impetus to our performance in the coming quarters, he added.In a separate filing to the BSE, the company said its Board has approved the extension of its financial year.\"Subject to the approval of the Registrar of Companies, Delhi and Haryana, the Board of Directors has approved the extension of financial year from 12 months to 18 months thereby making the fiscal ending on September 30, 2012,\" the filing said.Shares of the company closed at Rs 87.25 a piece, up 5.25 per cent from its previous close on the BSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160237", "title": "4-day realty expo from May 18", "text": "MYSORE: Builders' Association of India (BAI), in association with Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI, Mysore centre), will organize MYREALTY-2012 'The Great Property Show' at Maharaja grounds here from May 18 to 21.The aim of the four-day event is to bring buyers, sellers and financers on the same platform for transparent deals. The property show is dedicated to educating property buyers. Whether a person is a first-time or seasoned buyer, looking for his/ her first or next investment property, (s)he needs to get the right advice from reliable experts, where not only (s)he gets to know about buying, selling and investing in property, but also feels confident about it. For those who book an apartment or a plot will stand a chance to win a car as the prize in the lucky dip. Over 22 companies will showcase their property in 40 stalls.Mayor M C Rajeshwari will inaugurate the expo at 4.30pm. CREDAI president Nagaraj Reddy will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13161920", "title": "Illegal mining: CBI raids Yeddyurappa, kin residences", "text": "BANGALORE: In an early morning sweep on Wednesday, the CBI raided former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's residence in Dollar's colony, an upmarket area in Bangalore, and in Shimoga, in connection with his involvement in illegal mining and business transactions.Simultaneous raids were also conducted on South West Mining Company's offices in Tornagal in Bellary district. The company had made payments of Rs 20 crore to Yeddyurappa's family run concerns in lieu of sanction of mining licences. The CBI had filed FIRs against Yeddyurappa, his sons B Y Raghavendra, B Y Vijayendra and son-in-law R Sohan Kumar on Tuesday.A nine-member team headed by Inspector General of CBI Lakshminarayana commenced the raids at Yeddyurappa's residences in Dollars Colony and Race Course Road here besides a firm owned by one of his sons, the sources said.The CBI has been asked to submit its preliminary report by August 3.The raids come in the wake of the CBI registering a case against Yeddyurappa and others in line with the May 11 Supreme Court directive ordering a probe by the central agency into alleged undue favours shown by him to firms involved in illegal mining in lieu of donations to a charitable trust run by his kin when he was the chief minister.The raids began at 6.15am and would continue throughout the day, the sources said.The CBI action comes at a time when Yeddyurappa is facing the heat of internal turmoil in the BJP triggered by a revolt by his loyalists gunning for a change of leadership of D V Sadananda Gowda with nine ministers and many MLAs submitting their resignations to him.After aggressive postures that pushed the BJP's first ever government in the south to the brink, Yeddyurappa on Monday said he had decided to quit the party but was putting it off heeding the advise of party senior leader Arun Jaitely and others.Yeddyurappa, who was forced to quit last year after the Lokayukta report indictment on illegal mining, is also battling a spate of cases for alleged irregularities in land denotification.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157485", "title": "Seven-a-side football tourney in Borivali", "text": "MUMBAI: Westside Global is organising a seven-a-side rink football tournament at the St Francis D'Assisi grounds in Borivali on May 27.The tournament offers a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh to the winners, while the runners-up will earn a total of Rs 40,000.Entries will be accepted on first come, first serve basis. For details contact: Dane Pereira: 9833609168 or Jason Jacob: 9829264066.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158822", "title": "PCMC gets ready to tackle floods", "text": "PUNE: To prevent flooding the city areas during the approaching monsoon, the civic administration of the Pimpri-Chinchwad township has directed the health department to undertake the work of cleaning of canals and drainages on war footing. The roads department has also been asked to complete all road and footpath repair works before the arrival of the monsoon.On the monsoon preparedness activities of the civic body, additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam said the central flood control cell of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) will become operational from June 1. In addition to the central cell, which will be located at the main administrative building, four other zonal cells will be started at the zonal offices.Kadam said instructions have been issued to the concerned departments for lifting debris along roads or at any public places. He said the civic body will take measures to prevent dumping of debris in the rivers. The fire-brigade and wireless departments have been asked to be prepared for any eventualities during monsoon. The health department has also been asked to take all necessary measures for provision of medicines.The corporation has appointed A M Durgude, assistant commissioner and chief of licence department, as in charge for flood control operations. Kadam said various issues related to flood control operations were discussed at a meeting of the zonal officers as well as department heads.Considering that water supply is affected due to disruption of power supply following rains, the civic departments have been asked to coordinate with the MSEDCL. During heavy rains, people who live along the Pavana river bank in Pimpri need to be shifted. Flooding of the Pavana river also affects areas like Chinchwad and Sangvi. People staying along the Mula river bank in Dapodi are also affected. Kadam said some schools will be converted into transit camps for flood-affected people. Necessary works for the same will be initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159822", "title": "'Include man-animal conflict in disaster management lists'", "text": "NASHIK: A seminar on 'Man-animal conflict' was conducted by biologist and leopard expert Vidya Atre on Tuesday for the forest and fire departments at Nehru Udyan. The seminar came on the heels of a proposal by the chief conservator of forests (territorial) to the state that the man-animal conflict issue be listed under disaster management.Atre briefed the forest department and the fire brigade on how to handle the situation if a leopard is found in a human settlements. She also shared her experiences and experiments in monitoring locations and behaviour of leopards. She said that help from the police should be sought first and then efforts should be made to trap the animal. She also said that it is not necessary to trap all animals.\"Soon, a list of dos and don'ts and precautions will be given to the departments so that whenever a wild animal is to be handled, the process becomes smooth,\" she said. The chief conservator of forests (territorial), G Saiprakash, said that though the collars used for tracking animals through GPS are very expensive, the forest department would try to include man-animal conflict under disaster management.\"One outcome of this seminar is that I will put forth a proposal to the state government that the issue of man animal conflict be declared under disaster management. I will send the proposal soon so that all the district machinery automatically comes to the picture and the district collector can issue orders to all concerned. In this way we can get all the help in time,\" said Saiprakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158115", "title": "Complaint filed in Bus rapid transit row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after petitioner Colonel BB Sharan, accompanied by a few men, demolished the dividers on the BRT corridor, the transport department has lodged a complaint at the Ambedkar Nagar police station. Senior transport officials said the complaint against Sharan had been forwarded to Delhi Police. \"An FIR will be lodged against him for damage to public property. We are consulting legal experts and the final FIR will be lodged by Wednesday. The department is pressing for harsher charges too,\" said an official.Cops said they had already identified people from whom statements regarding the matter would be recorded. \"We have asked for the CCTV footage from DIMTS but they have been unable to trace any such useful footage. We will hence rely on the statements and proceed accordingly,'' said an officer. When contacted, additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry confirmed an FIR would be registered after examining the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158088", "title": "Delhi Police head constable shot in UP road rage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi Police head constable was shot dead and a constable suffered bullet injuries when unidentified men opened fire at them in an alleged case of road rage in Uttar Pradesh's Meerut on Tuesday evening.The personnel posted with the special staff unit of the south district police were near Idrispur in the Gang Nahar area on the Meerut bypass at around 5:15 pm when the incident took place. The deceased have been identified as head constable Sanjeev.\"Three officials had gone to Meerut to carry out a recee about autolifters residing in that area and active in Delhi. They were travelling to Idrispur village and diverted from the Meerut bypass in their Wagon R car. About one kilometre ahead, we were told that the accused - around three in number came from the opposite side in a Santro car,\" said additional DCP (south) Pramod Khuswah.\"As the road was too narrow, the two cars could not cross at the same time. This led to an altercation between both groups, and both sides came out of their cars after the miscreants blocked the police vehicle. There was severe argument between them. It appears to be a case of road rage as they opened fire after an argument,\" Khuswah said.\"Head constable Sanjeev was shot at on right side of his chest while constable Sachin was shot on his knee. Both were admitted at Subharti Hospital, Meerut. Sanjeev died in the hospital,\" the police officer said.The incident was reported to Delhi Police headquarters by constable Vivek - a third cop - who was also with them. It was only when senior officers from the south district reached the spot that the local cops in UP were told about the incident.The deceased was declared one of the best beat officer in February 2011 in the district when he was posted at Malviya Nagar. He is survived by his wife, a six-year-old son and two-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13159484", "title": "Low turnout for hearing on Pooram stampede", "text": "THRISSUR: The public hearing held as part of the magisterial inquiry to find out why an elephant had run amok during the farewell ceremony of the Thrissur Pooram on May 2, turned out to be a low-key affair. Not many appeared before the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) for the hearing at the Thrissur Town Hall on Tuesday.Five separate counters were set up at the Town Hall to record people's response to the stampede, but only 10 people testified. The authorities had expected at least 300 people to appear before the SDM and RDO, M Anil Kumar. The hearing was wound up early due to the lukewarm response.\"We were stunned at the low turnout. At least 62 were injured and thousands had run helter-skelter during the stampede, but not a single affected person appeared before us. We have now decided to record public response during office time at the SDM's chamber before the magisterial inquiry is completed,\" Anil Kumar told TOI.\"It is now assumed that majority of the victims are not from Thrissur. That could be the reason for the low turnout at the hearing held on a working day,\" the officer said.Anilkumar said the magisterial inquiry report would be ready by May end. \"We are meeting the vetes who examined the elephant, Unnippilly Kalidasan, on May 19. We will also meet police officials on the same day to hear their version,\" he said.Shyam P V", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13158105", "title": "State working towards peace in Red zone", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Faced with mounting criticisms from all quarters, including the Centre, for failing to contain the Maoists, the state government on Tuesday assured that it is doing everything to save people and their property from the Red rebels.\"The state government has the responsibility to maintain public order and protect the life and property of the citizens. All attempts to disrupt it have to be firmly dealt with,\" home secretary Upendra Behera said here. The official's statement comes in the backdrop of Maoists accusing the government of reneging from its commitments made for securing the release of two Italians and one ruling party MLA from their captivity and restarting combing operations against them.Dandapani Mohanty, who the Maoists had named to negotiate on their behalf during the hostage crisis, in a statement issued a few days ago charged the government of carrying out combing operations aiming to kill Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda. There were similar allegations made by another Maoist faction, Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) asking the released BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka why he is silent on combing operations. The Maoists have called a 24-hour bandh on Wednesday.The home secretary denied the Maoists' charges and said the government is \"committed in letter and spirit\" and taking \"all possible steps\" for the release of imprisoned Maoists and withdrawal of cases against some. Elaborating, he said for the release of two Italians the government had \"agreed to facilitate the release of four persons\". Out of them, while Subhashree Dash (Maoist leader Sabyasachi's wife) had since been acquitted, the court has granted bail to Arati Majhi in two cases and rejected in three others. The court has also rejected the bail petitions of the other two. They can move the higher court, the home secretary said. For the MLA's release, the government had committed to free 23 others, seven of whom have since been granted bail with four out of them already released. Behera said others who had their cases rejected could appeal in higher courts. On withdrawal of cases against 13 prisoners, he said it was 'under process'.Justifying the security operations against the Maoists, Behera said since the kidnapping of two Italians on March 14, the Maoists have killed four civilians at Boipariguda, Laxmipur, Kaoimela and Bargarh and four security personnel. The attacks have also left five security persons injured, beside destruction of cellphone towers, burning of vehicles and machineries, etc, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160764", "title": "Rensil joins the pack of '24'", "text": "The Kurbaan director will pen Anil Kapoor's desi version of the Emmy award winning American seriesAs told, Abhinay Deo of Delhi Belly fame rejected film offers from three leading production houses to concentrate on directing Anil Kapoor's desi version of the cult American TV series 24 . We'd also told you how Kapoor bailed out his long-standing friend Rajkumar Santoshi from the adversities that currently engulf him by offering him the responsibility to look after the scripting of the series.The latest addition to Kapoor's growing pack, we can tell you, is adman-turned-writer cum filmmaker Rensil D'Silva, who has been roped in to write the screenplay of the Indian version 24 .Explaining how Rensil, who has written the screenplay of Rang De Basanti, Luck and Kurbaan , was brought on board the team, a source close to Kapoor said, \"Anil loved his work in Rang de Basanti . Ever since, they have been good friends.\"Kapoor is pulling out all stops to make a larger-than-life desi 24. He is totally involved with the creative and technical aspects of the series. It is learnt Patrick Harbinger, who not only wrote the screenplay of the original 24 but was its executive producer as well, flew down to Mumbai for a close-door meeting with Rensil, Abhinay and Anil at a suburban five star. He offered his guidance on how to go about the desi version, keeping in mind an Indian audience. Reportedly, the meeting lasted for a good two hours.An eye witness from the meeting told Mirror, \"Patrick gave inputs to Abhinay and Rensil and they were all ears.\" The eye witness added, \"Anil has warm relations with Patrick. It is likely Patrick may visit India again, considering 24 runs into eight seasons.\"The eye witness told us, \"Rensil is also directing Karan Johar's film starring Sanjay Dutt and Emraan Hashmi but at the same time, he will be devoting a lot of time to Anil's project.\"Anil Kapoor had portrayed the middle eastern leader Omar Hassan in the original 24. In the Indo version, he will play the protagonist, anti-terror squad leader Jack Bauer. In the English version, one of Kapoor's favourite Hollywood actors Keifer Sutherland essays the role.Desi 24 is likely to go on air by end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156518", "title": "CAG rips into Isro for Devas deal, clears PMO", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's space agency Isro bent rules for private firm Devas to sign a deal for multimedia services, projecting a paltry Rs 1,120 crore revenue over a 12-year period that would not even have covered the cost of launching two satellites for the promised service, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has said.In a report submitted to Parliament on Tuesday, the official auditor gave the Prime Minister's Office the benefit of doubt, taking the view that retired senior officials led by ex-space secretary Madhavan Nair - already blacklisted by the government - hoodwinked the government.While not offering loss estimates, the report said Isro gave Devas use of 20 transponders, or 90% of satellite capacity, for the 2.6 Ghz band which has been auctioned in most developed economies. In India, auction of 3G spectrum earned Rs 67,719 crore. Further, the auction of broadband wireless access (BWA) spectrum yielded Rs 38,543 crore.Stating that BWA can benchmark value of space band spectrum committed to Devas, CAG noted the firm offered superior services. \"It is evident that service offered (by Devas) had considerable fiscal potential... by not following due process, the revenue interests of the government have been totally ignored,\" the auditor said.CAG said Isro cleared the Devas proposal of a hybrid system delivering internet services, including multimedia through landline and satellite to both home and mobile or vehicles, despite being aware that the deal needed multi-ministerial clearances.At the very outset itself, when the deal was signed in 2006, Isro did not consult ministries of information and broadcasting and telecommunication over use of spectrum for wireless and broadcast services. Approval from Cabinet for Devas services was not sought, licensing conditions ignored and satellite communication (SATCOM) policy violated.CAG was scathing on Nair's role in the Devas deal, pointing out that between 2004 and 2009, he performed multiple roles. As Isro chairman, he set up a committee to finalize financial aspects without having a member with such expertise. As chairman of Antrix, the commercial arm, he allowed a transponder lease agreement.As secretary DoS, he concealed from the Cabinet the purpose of GSAT 6, says the CAG report. As chairman of Space Commission, he again hid the Devas deal, it adds. Finally, as chairman of Intsat coordination committee, he did not convene a single meeting after 2004.While slamming Nair and senior Isro officials for offering Devas a sweetheart deal, the auditor raised oversight issues although it spared the PMO, which supervises the department of space.An initial leaked draft had reportedly put the loss due to the Devas deal at Rs 2 lakh crore. In the final report, CAG pointed out that the two satellites, GSAT 6 and GSAT 6A, were projected to cost Rs 1,254 crore while the expected revenues were Rs 1,120 crore.The department of space earmarked 70 Mhz of spectrum for Devas for both telecommunication and broadcasting services with the GSAT 6 project report specifically mentioning in March 2005 that the satellite was being developed for the firm. Thereafter, the cost of GSAT 6A was \"suppressed\" to ensure its cost remained less than Rs 150 crore, as expenses beyond this would need Cabinet approval.CAG put \"under costing\" of GSAT 6A at Rs 122 crore at a minimum and when DoS took the Devas proposal to the Space Commission in 2005, the department failed to reveal that it had already committed space segment or S-band capacity to the firm.On the DoS defence that it did not allot spectrum and it was up to Devas to get the necessary clearances, CAG said that \"the fact remains that 70Mhz of the S-band spectrum had been earmarked for Devas in the Antrix-Devas agreement\".The Devas technology gave it a massive lead over existing 3G and DTH operators and significantly, the telecom ministry's wireless advisor in March 2012 said the price discovered in the broadband wireless access auction could be taken as value for spectrum in the S-band \"since BWA spectrum was from this band and the BWA auction generated Rs 38,543 crore for a bandwidth of 60 Mhz\".While the BWA auction was for 60 Mhz and for a wireless internet broadcasting service through terrestrial towers, Devas was offering a superior service to consumers who used fixed as well as mobile receivers through satellite and terrestrial systems. This suggested the deal was worth much more than what it was signed for.The report also pointed out that DoS gave its scarce orbital slot at 83 degrees East for the two satellites and did everything it could to boost the value of the firm's shares. \"Devas without engaging in any trading, manufacturing or ground segment activity could raise Rs 575 crore from three foreign investors,\" the report said, adding that Isro offered amendments to the contract that helped Devas to woo investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158638", "title": "VP invited to give inaugural Kakodkar memorial talk", "text": "PANAJI: The state will soon add another intellectual lecture to its calendar. Union minister for human resource development Kapil Sibal has approved an annual Purshottam Kakodkar memorial lecture in Goa. The memorial lecture has been instituted in honour of the late, Purushottam Kakodkar, who was an eminent Goan leader.Former NRI commissioner Eduardo Faleiro informed mediapersons that he proposed the annual lecture initiative at a recent meeting with Sibal in New Delhi, and the minister had agreed to the request.The lecture will be held annually under the auspices of the University Grants Commission (UGC) at the Goa University and will be delivered by an eminent intellectual. \"Kakodkar's memory needs to be preserved for posterity,\" said Faleiro.He disclosed that he has invited vice-president of India Hamid Ansari to deliver the inaugural lecture, but Ansari's confirmation is awaited.Faleiro also said the Indian Council of World Affairs (ICWA) will hold a Conference at the Goa International Centre, Panaji from June 3-5 on 'Decolonization, Development and Diaspora: The Afro- Indian Experience'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159224", "title": "Green activists put up a strong fight", "text": "COIMBATORE: Even as they face stiff resistance from the government departments and agencies, the green activists in the city had something to cheer for after the state forest minister KT Patchaimal said in the legislative assembly that the government was considering whether to enact the Tree Protection Act to protect the green cover in the state. He also added that a tree authority is being proposed to prevent the indiscriminate felling.\"We welcome the move as there should be some regulatory body with powers vested in it to ensure that green cover is protected. Often green activists are termed as anti development as most government officials involved in tree cutting claim that they are carrying out development works,\" said Mohammed Saleem, a city based green activist.According to city environmentalists, more than 4600 trees have been axed and removed from the city and suburbs over the past few years in the name of implementing various projects of the state government and city municipal corporation. The rift between the green activists and the city corporation flared up so much so that city mayor SM Velusamy recently got a special resolution passed in the corporation council to invoke criminal proceedings against green activists opposing the cutting of trees. The storm water drain project of the corporation is one project implemented by the local body that is being strongly opposed by green activists and residents in some parts of the city.\"The main issue is that most officials are involved in the racket as they indiscriminately cut down trees and sell them off without following any of the procedures prescribed by the government,\" said M Yoganathan, another green activist in the city.The green activists also added that the trees earmarked to be axed have to be identified and the forest department should be notified about it. Officials should inspect the tree, identify the species and make an estimate of the timber cost and also the revenue department should be informed to give its clearance. They also added that the tree authority should have a governing council in which local green activists are also included to ensure that it does not end up as a namesake government body without any actual powers to curb indiscriminate felling of trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160862", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan turns 'Natsamrat'!", "text": "The actor will be seen in the role of the protagonist - an aging Shakespearean stage actor in Mahesh Manjrekar's on-screen adaptation of V V Shirwadkar's Marathi literary masterpieceAmitabh Bachchan has given a green signal to his career's first ever screen adaptation of Marathi literature. The actor will play the role of an aging Shakespearean actor in the adaptation of V V Shirwadkar's Marathi literary masterpiece Natsamrat.we learnt that director Mahesh Manjrekar , who had been scripting the screen version of the celebrated play for more than a year, finally took the screenplay to Big B for approval last week. The film will begin in the next couple of months ahead of Big B starrer Mehrunissa.According to reports, the actor will begin shooting for the film soon after he returns from a medical check up abroad. When contacted Manjrekar said, \"Mr Bachchan has done it all. When he read Natsamrat , the character of the protagonist just grabbed him. This is the kind of challenge he's looking for at this stage of his career.\"However, we learnt that Big B fears that his role in the film will have shades of Rituparno Ghosh's The Last Lear where the Big B played an aging Shakespearean actor.Manjrekar told us, \"I saw Rituparno Ghosh's film to make sure there are no similarities between his film and mine. Mr Bachchan's role in Natsamrat is completely different from The Last Lear . He plays a fading stage actor who forgets the difference between real life and the Shakespearean characters he plays. I feel at this stage in his career this is the kind of challenge Mr Bachchan needs. And he agrees.\"In the next few months the Big B will undertake extensive preparation for his role in Natsamrat . Since he has never acted in a movie version of a stage adaptation the actor needs to merge the stage and screen performance in the same line of vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13160076", "title": "\u2018Will prefer AC buses if connectivity is good\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA:When the AC bus service was mooted, it left them excited and enthused. They felt the plan would remedy the growing problem of traffic congestion and pollution. Today, the exasperated residents blame the lax and inept civic authorities for their failure to launch the service.A resident of Model Town Taran Kaur said, \"Students would prefer to commute in AC buses if the timings are fixed and their connectivity is good.\" Joint commissioner A S Sekhon said, \"Public response to non-AC buses has been overwhelming. However, we don't know if there would a similar response to AC bus service.\" He said non-AC bus service was fetching handsome revenue and hoped that AC buses would add to the kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158877", "title": "Karnik deposes before panel, says had prior info on protest", "text": "Pune: The then superintendent of police (Pune rural) Sandip Karnik on Tuesday said that in the Maval firing case, he had prior information about farmers planning to block traffic on the Pune-Mumbai expressway and the old highway and had informed the highway safety patrol (HSP) as well as the district collectorate.Karnik deposed before justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee probing the Maval firing case. The incident took place on August 9, 2011, when farmers were protesting against land acquisition for the Pavana dam-Nigdi water pipeline project of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.During the cross examination by Vinayak Abhyankar, lawyer of the Maval farmers, Karnik admitted he was aware that protesters were going to block vehicular traffic on the Pune-Mumbai expressway and on the Pune-Mumbai highway. He had sent a letter to the superintendent of police, HSP, and had requested them to deploy more force on both the highways. Karnik, however, also admitted that he had not prepared any contingency plan to divert the traffic on both the highways following the agitation nor had he taken any information about the plan of the HSP since it did not fall within the scope of his duties. He also said that he thought the HSP would deal with the traffic issue.Karnik admitted he had received information in the first two days of August 2011 that the farmers in Maval had planned the agitation on August 9. He also said he knew that farmers had planned the agitation at five to six spots in Maval. He said he had informed the district collectorate about the agitation by sending a fax on August 7. He said he had also informed the district collector.Abhyankar told Karnik that his approach towards the agitation was casual despite knowing that any untoward incident could take place as the agitation was called by all political parties. Karnik, however, refuted the allegations made by Abhyankar.Karnik said that on August 9, he had deployed one police inspector, one sub-inspector and 15 policemen near Pavana police chowky. When he got the information that a large mob had gathered on the e-way near Pavana chowky, he immediately headed towards it. While he was on his way, he ordered that extra police force be sent to the spot.During the cross examination, Karnik said that when he reached the chowky, he found that protesters had blocked the e-way and their leaders were addressing them. He had asked his officers to talk with the protesters and ask the leaders as to how long they would block the road. He then went towards the Pavana chowky. While he was in the chowky, he had heard loud sounds and rushed out.Karnik's cross examination could not be completed on Tuesday and will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159183", "title": "Beat the burglars by installing an alarm system", "text": "COIMBATORE: A major attempt to loot the house of S Balaji, an income tax officer, residing at Kothari Nagar in Singanallur was averted on Sunday, when the thief broke-in to the house while he was away on a pilgrimage trip. Thanks to the burglar alarm system installed, the burglary was stalled.With the number of burglary cases in the city sky-rocketing, installing a burglar alarm is essential. However, most people do not consider it a worthy investment. A small investment in an alarm can give one peace of mind and prevent thieves from looting your residence. \"But awareness levels are low, and thus the demand for security alarms is not much. When you compare the substantial demand for security systems from commercial establishments, residential demand is negligent,\" says S Baraneetharan, proprietor, Ion India, a dealer of burglar alarm systems in Coimbatore. He indicated that 80 per cent of sales come from commercial establishments.\"Every month at least 10 systems are sold. However, most buyers are outside of Coimbatore,\" he said. With low demand, sellers are also not too keen on stocking up and prefer to sell CCTV cameras, which would bring them more profit, he added.There is a huge demand for CCTV cameras, especially in commercial establishments. Household demand for such cameras is also picking up, said Puneet Singh Anand of Anand Enterprises. Unfortunately, when sale of cameras go up, the demand for alarm systems decreases. Every month they earn anywhere between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh from cameras, he said.S Mugundan, proprietor of Elixir Electronics says that enquires from households shoot up when there is a spate of burglaries in the city. However, compared to the enquiries, sales are relatively low. People need to understand the importance of being safe. People have the impression that these systems cost a lot of money, but with the advances in technology, an alarm system can be purchased for as little as Rs 10,000, he said.People can now purchase wireless systems too. With these systems, the installation costs are drastically reduced. The starting price is Rs 10,000 and it increases, depending on the number of doors and windows that are connected to the system, he pointed out. \"If demand increases, we will be able to reduce the prices,\" he said.Balaji, who had installed the system just a month ago, because of the many burglaries in his vicinity, feels that he made a good investment. \"Since my work has me traveling to Tirupur often, my family is home alone. Now, with the system installed, I don't worry so much,\" he said. Since demand in the city is low, not many shops allot much shelf space for these alarms. However, he was able to find ample information on the net and found a dealer to install his system.It is not always possible for police to keep an eye on the entire city to curb crime. The best resolution is to install an alarm system at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13160050", "title": "Traffic chaos in Hubli signals danger", "text": "HUBLI: With over four lakh vehicles on Hubli roads and 32,000 new vehicles to adding to this number every year, traffic management is getting tougher by the day. There is slow moving traffic all through the day in main areas in the city and what adds to the woes is the absence of traffic signals in some of the busiest circles.Take for instance Unkal Cross. There is no traffic police here and the signal always shows yellow. The confusion leads to frequent traffic jams at the circle. Mutturaj Ganiger, a resident of Unkal, said pedestrians have to struggle dodging vehicles and crossing the road here.Karwar road and Ramesh Bhavan circle on Keshwapur road do not have traffic signals.Traffic jams are common on the busiest Koppikar road circle, which connects the Koppikar road, Lamington road and Chitaguppi hospital road. Vehicle users and pedestrians often find it difficult to move on this road without any traffic assistance.Deshpande Nagar is one of the busiest areas in city surrounded by new cotton pet, city railway station, old bus stop and Keshwapur road. Many circles of this area do not have traffic police or signals.The road which connects Desai circle to railway station is very narrow and it is a two-way road. It is next to impossible to drive on this road, said Vijay Vadave, a hotelier of Deshpande Nagar.No zebra crossing !Hosur circle, another major landmark of the city, is always marred by slow moving traffic. In the absence of proper monitoring, drivers often jump the signal. Worse, there is no zebra crossing here, making crossing unsafe and risky for pedestrians. The same chaos is witnessed at Bhagath Singh circle.Speaking to TOI, Noor Ahmad, a shopkeeper said accidents have become common in this circle. Three months ago a man lost his leg, when he was hit by a truck while crossing the road.Growing woes !N S Patil, ACP, traffic, endorsed that the city needs a better traffic management. Speaking to TOI he said, controlling traffic in the growing city has become a challenge. In 2011 the department collected Rs 3.3 crore penalty from traffic violators.There are about 20 signals in Hubli and plans are afoot to fix another 15 traffic signals in the city, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158040", "title": "Government to push immovable assets Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposal for conferring titles on immovable properties is likely to be brought out of cold storage in light of the registration frauds in northwest and east districts that have emerged in the past six months.The revenue department of the Delhi government has decided to expedite the implementation of the proposal. The Delhi Survey, Registration &amp; Recordal Of Title of Immovable Properties In Urban Areas Bill, which was cleared by the Delhi cabinet in 2010, seeks to create a Central Titling Authority that will ensure a survey mechanism for issuing a unique title to each property owner. This will help in curbing fraudulent registries.The proposal for introducing the legislation has been in the works since 2008. After the bill was cleared by the cabinet, it was sent to the Union home ministry for approval, which in turn sent it to various departments and related ministries. Officials from the revenue department say the bill came back to them again in January with a list of queries. The Centre is learnt to have raised concern over the impact of the proposed legislation on associated laws related to land and property rights.Officials blame the civic polls for the department's slow response to the queries. \"We have sent the queries to department of law for examination,\" said revenue secretary Vijay Dev.Senior officials say registering your property with the sub-registrar's office and ensuring that your ownership rights are recorded by land-owning agencies is not sufficient safeguard. Creation of a central titling authority will ensure complete records of all properties. A survey mechanism will be in place to scrutinize the details for identifying the real owner. A unique number will be issued to the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "13160385", "title": "Temple body chief hesitant to act against 'errant' chief priest of Tirumala", "text": "TIRUMALA: Even as the Tirumala temple protection samithi activists cry foul, TTD executive officer LV Subrahmanyam did not muster enough courage to take action against Tirumala temple chief priest Ramana Deekshitulu by merely claiming that what the priest did was a mistake. The chief priest Ramana Deekshitulu had gone out of his way to bless a top industrialist's son at the latter's guest house recently.The EO, trying to wash his hands of the controversy, expressed his inability to take any direct or immediate action against the priest.While interacting with the media personnel at the Annadaana Satram on Tuesday, he said some archakas (read Deekshitulu) were taking advantage of the Mirasi system (appointment of priests on the basis of hereditary). \"I can't say that we will take action against him, but certainly we will put an end to such actions in future ,\" he said. When the government scrapped the Mirasi system a few years back, archakas challenged the decision which is still pending in the Supreme Court.The regular code of rules and regulation don't apply to the mirasi archakas and as the chief priest is one of them actions cannot be initiated against him, TTD officials pointed out. But in April 2010, Deekshitulu was served a summons by then TTD EO Krishna Rao for blessing a top industrialist at his private guest house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158915", "title": "CBI books one in cheating case", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau of the CBI, Pune, has registered a case against a man for allegedly posing as director of Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra and duping several people by taking money on the promise of appointing them as directors of the Kendra in different districts.The suspect had been identified as Paresh Thakur. The CBI Pune team on Monday went to question Thakur and also to search his residence at Kothrud. The CBI team sealed the house since it was found locked.A press note issued by the CBI, Pune, said it received a complaint from one Prasad Sonawane stating that Thakur allegedly took Rs 3 lakh from him and issued him a fake appointment letter making him director of Nashik district for implementing the 20-point programme of the Union government.CBI investigations have revealed that the organisation named Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra has been banned by the ministry of statistics and planning which implements the 20 point programme.It has been verified from the ministry that no such organisation is authorised to implement the 20-point programme. tnnThe investigations further revealed that Thakur has been booked in a cheating case by the state police. The CBI also registered a case against him under sections 419 and 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157740", "title": "Quick-thinking cop\u2019s \u2018call\u2019 helps nab ATM con man", "text": "MUMBAI: The presence of mind displayed by a constable led to the arrest of a con man who had duped people withdrawing money from ATM kiosks.Constable Ganesh Patil was part of the team that went to arrest Sudeep Raj Vijendra Kumar alias Srivastava (29) in Delhi. However, he was not to be found at his Delhi address and they returned empty-handed.On Monday, Patil was at Mumbai Central station waiting to catch a train home. \"He saw a man resembling Sudeep, but he was not sure. He was worried that once the train arrives, the suspect may board it or may disappear in the crowd. He then went to a tea stall nearby and convinced a waiter to call out the name Sudeep. No sooner did the waiter call 'Sudeep!' did the suspect turn around. Patil was then convinced it was Sudeep,\" said Vinayak Savde, senior inspector of Nagpada police station.Sudeep was arrested and four debit and credit cards, two mobiles, two SIM cards and several passport-size photos of men and women were recovered from him. The police said the cards belonged to four different people who, they believe, Sudeep may have duped.Sudeep's crime came to light when he duped an ST bus driver at an ATM outside Mumbai Central state transport depot. The driver, Jayaram Narayan Dangar, had tried unsuccessfully to withdraw money thrice.\"Sudeep turned up and told Dangar he would help him. He too tried to withdraw money, but failed. Sudeep then shouted at the guard and asked him for the cell number of his supervisor. When the guard gave him the number, Sudeep yelled at him for the machine failure and made Dangar speak to the supervisor. When Dangar was busy on the phone, Sudeep withdrew Rs 40,000 and fled,\" said Savde.The next day, Dangar realized he had been duped and filed a complaint at Nagpada police station. The police collected CCTV camera footage and got Sudeep's number from the guard's cellphone. They learnt the phone was registered in Delhi. A police team went to Delhi and found his address. Sudeep's brother told them they had disowned Sudeep for his activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13156995", "title": "CBI books senior IAS officer's son in job scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a case against Paresh Thakur, son of IAS officer and Amaravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur, for issuing appointment letters offering jobs in a non-existent government body. Thakur came under CBI radar after he marked a copy of the letter to prime minister Manmohan Singh .After the prime minister's office got the letter, CBI launched a probe into it. The case was registered after CBI got a complaint from Dr Prasad Prabhakar Sonawane, one of the victims. Thakur claimed that he was the director of Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra, assigned to implement the Union government's 20-point programme, mostly development schemes.Thakur told Sonawane that he would be in charge of Nashik district, equivalent to the rank of a district collector and was entitled for government benefits.On Tuesday, a CBI team went to Thakur's house at Kothrud in Pune but it was found locked.Joint director of CBI Rishi Raj Singh said they have been investigating the case for a year. \"Maharashtra State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra, which Thakur represented as a director, did not exist,\" he said.Thakur has been operating for the past six years and CBI is gathering information about the victims. CBI said there is a cheating case registered against Thakur with the state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13160488", "title": "Playport makes flight wait fun for kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Your kids won't bother you much during that long wait for the flight at the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) henceforth. The second edition of the Playport, a passenger reach-out programme that was kick-started at the BIA on Tuesday, has an engrossing mix of activities that are thematically designed and packaged to entertain children.\"I never imagined a world so neat and clean and buildings so big! I have seen planes flying high in the sky, but my wish to come to the airport and have fun here has come true today,\" said Narasamma, a little girl from Sparsha Foundation, an NGO near Devanahalli, who was part of the inaugural celebrations. A BIA spokesperson said that in the next two weeks, children from areas around the airport will be invited to the Playport.The first edition of the Playport was inaugurated in December. The second edition's theme is Malgudi Days. Props have been used to recreate old Bangalore and a railway station for providing photo-ops for children and families. Alongside, there are three ports - art, science and sports.The art port showcases traditional forms of toys including catapult making, chalk art and painting, while the science port shows children how kaleidoscopes, periscopes and such simple elements of technology were evolved and how they work. The sport port has several fun games like spinning the top and marble turf attracting those sporty kids.\"Playport has become a BIA signature event as it is the first of its kind organized by any airport. It is aimed at making child passengers feel at home,\" said B Bhaskar, director, Finance, BIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13157772", "title": "5 Thane jewel thieves nabbed", "text": "THANE: Five jewel thieves, including two women, were arrested by the Thane crime branch recently after enjoying a free run for close to a year.Subhash Dhondu Sawant (48), his wife, Sujita (38), and aides Soni Raj Shetty (44), Dyaneshwar Namdeo Shinde (32) and 65-year-old Subhash Govind Pawar used to target shops that had a lone attendant. The women would keep him busy by asking to see ornaments, while the others stole jewellery and sneaked out of the shop.The gang had shop-lifted from several jewellery shops in the Kalwa-Khareagaon township.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13158977", "title": "'Solve power problems at the earliest'", "text": "VARANASI: Taking serious note of pathetic condition of power supply the divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari has asked the power officials for quick response to public complaints and immediate redressal of problems.The commissioner held a meeting of power officials on Tuesday to review the situation. He warned the power officials not to switch off their mobile phones to avoid complaints from public. Stern action would be taken against those power engineers whose mobile phones were found switched off, he warned.The commissioner also instructed immediate repairing of roads dug for laying sewer line in the city. He asked the officials of Ganga pollution control unit to complete the road repairing work on war footing.Dharna against poor power, water supply: Several activists of Congress party and residents of Khojwa area staged dharna outside the electricity department office in Bhelupur, protesting against disruption in power supply.Congress workers led by former general secretary Rajesh Tripathi staged dharna at Chetganj regarding contaminated drinking water and disruption in power supply in the city. Drinking water facilities like handpumps are lying defunct at various places like Chetganj, Teliayana, Dalhatta and Senpura.Nominated: Prof TP Chaturvedi, dean and head, faculty of Dental Sciences, Institue of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has been nominated as the member of Dental Council of India.Workshop: Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) Study Centre (27109) will conduct the workshops for BEd and MEd students at the BHU's Faculty of Education, Kamachha from May 19 to 25.Seminar: Adi Shankaracharya Mahasansthanam Sumeru Math, Kashi is going to hold a religious seminar at Dumrao Bag Asi on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160168", "title": "Rangayana will groom new talent in Shimoga, Dharwad", "text": "MYSORE: The city-based Rangayana is seeking to net young talent to continue its mission of theatre movement in Karnataka.Buoyed by the response from youngsters for its one-year diploma course in theatre, the repertory is looking to get budding actors and groom them.With two additional units of Rangayana in Shimoga and Dharwad, the demand for actors has increased.\"The students who are doing two-year internship at Rangayana after their course are doing good -- they have great potential,\" Rangayana director B V Rajaram said on Tuesday.Rangayana is looking for talent in 18-28 age group, and who are interested in theatre. Those groomed here could be accommodated in Shimoga and Dharwad units too, he added. \"We will not impose them on the two units. But priority will be given to them,\" he said. The talent search will be conducted on June 23 and 24 at Rangayana premises, and the new batch will start from July 1.Meanwhile, the repertory is allowing amateur troupes to take centrestage on weekends. This is to facilitate them to showcase their production.\"Part of the reason is that Rangayana artistes are on vacation. The amateur troupes will showcase plays on weekends till July 1,\" Rajaram stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13158042", "title": "Man marries thrice to deal with drought in Maharashtra's Thane district", "text": "THANE: A man has been forced to marry thrice to deal with the drought in villages here.Sixty-five-year-old Ramchandra (name changed to protect identity), a resident of Dengalmal village, on a hilltop in Shahapur taluka, said his first wife was ill and cannot go far away to fetch water for the family of 13, while his second wife was weak.Ramchandra's family includes three sons, their wives and three grandsons; his three daughters have got married and now live with their husbands.He said he first married when he was 20 and has six children from her. He married again as his first wife fell sick, hoping that she would take care of the household work. But as she was too weak and could not handle the workload, he went in for the third marriage 10 years back.He justified his marriages, claiming that in a year, they faced a problem of water scarcity for six months in their village. They have to often traverse one and a half kilometres to a well in a nearby village, and sometime to the Bhatsa river three km away.Villagers initially opposed his marriages as they suspected that he was doing it for sexual pleasure.Hussain Shaikh, a villager, said, \"Earlier, we opposed his move for a third marriage, but later we realized that whatever he has done was right, as his third wife now takes care of the family's water arrangements.\"Sakri Shende, a 70-year-old woman from the village who spends nearly five hours in transporting water with her son's wife, said, \"We normally find Ramchandra's third wife carrying water. Only when she falls sick, other family members come to the well for water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157352", "title": "Octroi evasion racket unearthed", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday raided octroi-collection points and seized 32 vehicles for evading duty.ACB officials said several transporters had complained that some octroi agents in connivance with BMC officials were running a racket. Raids were carried out at Dahisar, Vashi, Mulund and Cotton Green toll nakas. Police also raided three godowns in Byculla and Kalbadevi and seized goods which had been recently bought into the city without paying octroi.According to sources, ACB officials discovered that the goods in 20 vehicles were undervalued. In some cases, fake octroi receipts were found. Twelve trucks were seized at Dahisar, Vashi and Cotton Green toll nakas.\"After the scrutiny of documents is completed, we may arrest some truck drivers, transporters and officials,\" said an ACB officer.\"Transporters in league with unscrupulous agents and BMC officials wrongly declare the value of goods and shell out less octroi,\" he added. The economic offences wing is investigating another scam in which two octroi agents were arrested. Several fake documents were recovered from the accused, Rajankumar Shashi Shankar Mishra (24) and Nitu Nityanand Pujari (29).The Thane police had also arrested another member of the gang and seized fake octroi forms, seals, demand drafts and visiting cards of some civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158034", "title": "Traders protesting against eve-teasing lathicharged", "text": "JAIPUR: Ugly scenes were witnessed at Telipada locality of the city where hundreds of traders of a community were at loggerheads with another community. The traders were holding a sit-in demanding proper police deployment in the area alleging that members their youths were being thrashed by members of a community. Police had to use mild force to disperse the angry traders who suddenly started pelting stones. No major injuries were reported.The tension between the two communities was triggered on Monday when some youths were accused of eve-teasing girls in a locality. On the issue, youths of the two communities fought with each other. Later on late Monday night, a delegation of traders from Bapu Bazaar of one of the communities visited Manak Chowk police station and urged police to intervene.On Tuesday, police arrested two youths who were into the scuffle but the traders were still unhappy saying that these arrested youths had also robbed their shops and urged police to lodge a case. The police later found the robbing part to be concocted, but traders in protest sat for dharna and closed the market as a protest against the incidents in which their women customers are being hassled by youths of the community, police said.Suddenly, they saw people of the other community coming towards them and somebody hurled a stone. After the incident, the traders went berserk and were at loggerheads with the police.\"The accused youths were already been arrested. Since the protesters gathered outside a house in which marriage rituals were on we used mild force to disperse the mob,\" a senior police officer of Manak Chowk police station.The angry traders shouted slogans against the police and accused them of safeguarding only the rights and interests of a particular community. Few of the traders sustained minor injuries in the lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159425", "title": "Govt trying to repatriate stranded Indian workers from Angola", "text": "NEW DELHI: As over 1,200 Indian workers remain stranded in Angola, the government said in Parliament that it is taking steps to ensure their return. The assurance came from minister of overseas Indian affairs Vyalar Ravi in response to concerns expressed by MPs in Rajya Sabha that 1,200 Indians working with a cement factory in Angola are stranded in the southern African nation after protesting against management for non-payment of dues.\"The government is taking steps for their return,\" said Ravi.\"Two days ago I have seen a statement of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi which also says that he has written to the PM about 40 Indians... As soon as I saw it, we sent a letter to Ambassador of Angola for a detailed report... we will take all steps that need to be taken,\" he said.He said that the government will take action as soon as report comes from the embassy adding that under such circumstances earlier it had also brought Indians back from two-three countries in Africa even by paying from the state exchequer.Earlier raising the issue, BJP's Parshottam Khodabhai Rupala said 1,200 Indians at Angola in South Africa were held hostage as these workers with a cement factory near Sumbe city were on strike for a month demanding their due wages.\"Their passports have been seized... they are wandering in forest without any food and battling for their life... their family members are crying... media is reporting the matter for 15 days but the government is silent on this sensitive matter,\" he said demanding a statement from Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13158942", "title": "Body of Bahujan Samaj Party MLA's brother found hanging", "text": "VARANASI: The decomposed body of Jagdish Chauhan, brother of Bahujan Samaj Party MLA from Mughalsarai Babban Chauhan, was found hanging with the ceiling of the residence of their parental house in Hindwari village under Alinagar police station in Chandauli district on Tuesday.According to reports, on noticing foul smell at the parental house of the BSP MLA, the locals reported the matter to the police. When the cops reached there, they found that the decaying body of Jagdish was hanging with the ceiling of a room. The condition of body hinted that Jagdish had hanged himself four-five days back.SP Chandauli Amit Pathak said that during initial investigation, it came to light that Jagdish's wife lived separately and they had no kids. Jagdish lived at his parental house alone and it is suspected that he was addicted to drugs. The SP said that the cause of death would become clear only after the postmortem report.Girls die: Kshama (11), the native of Parmalpur village under Jigna police station in Mirzapur was drowned in the Ganga while bathing on Monday morning. Her body was fished out by the locals. Meanwhile, Neelu (12), a native of ward 13 of Bansdih area under the same police station in Ballia district died after falling in a well in her village. The incident took place when she was playing near the well. She drowned before the villagers could rescue her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158896", "title": "Vacationers take to the wheels to roam the world", "text": "CHENNAI: When Avneet Kapoor, 28, and wife Radhika were planning their 20-day honeymoon in New Zealand, the seasoned traveller in Kapoor insisted on a self-drive trip. Radhika was game.\"We rented a Toyota Rav4 and drove through the populous North Island for seven days,\" says Kapoor, a machine tools exporter. The North Island, one of the two main islands of New Zealand, has 12 cities: Auckland , New Plymouth, Tauranga, Gisborne, Napier, Hamilton, Hastings, Palmerston North, Rotorua, Wanganui, Whangarei and capital Wellington.\"The high point of the drive was Paihia (in Bay of Islands) where we did the hole in the rock cruise (looking for dolphins and whales),\" said Radhika. \"We also managed to do a 19.4km alpine trek in between,\" says Kapoor.Across the Pacific , IT professional A Murugavel, 37, took his family for an all-drive vacation in the US. The family of four drove 645km from New York to Buffalo, home to the Niagara Falls . \"With small children, self drive was ideal,\" he said. \"There were no hassles of an early morning or a late night flight. It was also cheaper as we did not have to shell out for air or train tickets.\"Car rentals in Europe for a mid-sized sedan range from 50 to 60 euros (3,500 to 4,200) this season. In the US, rentals range from $50-$60 (2,700 to 3,200) for a day.Murugavel started at noon and reached Buffalo at 6.30pm. \"With the sun setting late in the northern hemisphere, we had a spectacular view from both sides of the border (the US and Canada ). It was drizzling when we reached and the clouds and the mist ensured the drive was worth the effort,\" Suchi, Murugavel's wife, recounts.Self-drive vacations are increasingly becoming popular among frequent leisure travellers. \"They don't like to be jostled and rushed through to meet itinerary deadlines,\" said a travel executive.Delhi-based Carzonrent, a transport service provider, said its fleet of 200 self-drive cars was fully booked this season. \"With improved highways and connectivity, travellers prefer to drive than be driven around,\" says Rajiv K Vij, managing director, Carzonrent. \"Two or more families normally get together and hire an SUV.\"Carzonrent, which has a tie-up with CarTrawler, a European car aggregator, has done 150 bookings so far this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157522", "title": "Deutsche Bank lift Super Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: Deutsche Bank defeated Indusind Bank by 9 wickets in the final of the Super Cup in the 16th edition of Vodafone Corporate Cricket 7s, co-sponsored by Alea International Consulting and Gulf Oil and managed by Saran Sports, at the Western Railway Sports ground, Mahalaxmi this weekend.Batting first, Indusind Bank, riding on Rohan Karkhanis' 30, scored 71 runs for 1 in their allotted seven overs.Deutsche Bank achieved the target thanks to a match-winning 31 from Amit Narvekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13158530", "title": "Security beefed up in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: A thick security blanket has been thrown on the district on eve of the Maoists nationwide bandh call on Wednesday. The outlawed CPI (Maoist) has given a 24-hour bandh call in protest against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and Operation Green Hunt on Wednesday.Police said while the ongoing anti-Maoists operations have been intensified, security personnel comprising BSF, SOG and Odisha Police have been deployed at strategic locations to avert any untoward incident and to prevent a possible influx of Maoists inside the district. A red alert has been sounded in the area. \"Apart from our regular combing operations, we have taken few extra security measures to prevent any eventuality. Patrolling has been intensified and policemen kept on alert,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar, refusing to elaborate on the security arrangements.Prior to their celebration, the Maoists have put up posters and banners at several places in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks urging people to cooperate during the bandh period. Police spotted several Maoist posters and banners at Odiapentha, Balipeta, Narayanpatna, Almonda and Kaberibadi areas of the district on Monday.However, locals are panicky over the Red's bandh call and do not want to upset the Maoists. \"Though adequate number of securitymen have been deployed in our area, we are not confident that no untoward incident will happen. On several occasions, the Red rebels have executed offensives under the nose of the securitymen. So, it's better to cooperate during the bandh period,\" said a Narayanpatna resident. Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks of the district bordering Andhra Pradesh are considered as Maoists hub where the Koraput-Srikakulam division of the outlawed CPI (Maosit) operates.Few days ago, Maoist leader Daya through letters to mediapersons in Koraput had informed about the bandh call. Police said similar security arrangements have also been done in Malkangiri and Rayagada districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160169", "title": "Riot 'conspirators' in SIT custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two alleged conspirators of the recent Old City communal riots, Srinivas alias Salman Srinivas and Niranjan Yadav, were sent to two-day police custody on Tuesday.The duo had surrendered before the 14th Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate at Nampally Criminal Courts Complex on May 7. The court had then sent them to 14-day judicial custody.The Special Investigation Team of the City Central Crime Station filed a petition before the court seeking police custody of the accused for two weeks. However, defence counsel K K Sagar opposed the move stating his clients feared harassment and torture in police custody. The court, after hearing the arguments of public prosecutor and defence , granted only two days' custody to the police.The SIT sleuths immediately took Srinivas and Niranjan Yadav into their custody from Chanchalguda jail for questioning. According to sources Srinivas, a financier, and his accomplice Yadav who runs a wine shop were absconding from the day SIT named them as the prime accused in the temple desecration case that was registered as Cr.No.65/2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13161955", "title": "Aarushi-Hemraj murder case hearing in 3 courts today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Allahabad high court will on Wednesday hear Nupur Talwar's bail plea in the case. Nupur has been in the Dasna jail for the past 17 days.The case will also come up in the Supreme Court that will continue hearing arguments on the Talwars' review plea, which seeks the quashing of the trial court's order.On Tuesday, the CBI handed over CDs and documents to the defence counsel as directed by the session court during Monday's hearing.However, the agency was unable to provide all the documents as they ran into thousand of pages, said CBI counsel.14-year-old Aarushi was found murdered on the intervening night of May 16-17, 2008 at her Noida residence and the body of Hemraj was found on the terrace of the house the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158004", "title": "Doctor held for taking bribe in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Tuesday caught red-handed a doctor while accepting a bribe of Rs 1,500 for issuing a medical certificate in Bharatpur's Bhusawar area.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, one Devi Singh had approached the bureau claiming that one Dr Sunil Gehlot at the community health centre in Bhusawar was demanding a bribe of Rs 1,500 from him.\"According to Singh, he was undergoing treatment at the centre. He wanted to get a medical certificate for his illness. When he approached Dr Sunil, he said that if he wanted to get a favourable medical report, he would have to pay him Rs 1,500,\" said the officer.The IG said the complaint was verified and a trap was laid. \"The doctor was caught red-handed accepting the bribe by an ACB team in the community centre on Tuesday,\" said the officer.The doctor has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"It is being investigated whether he used to take bribe from people for issuing medical certificates and other services at the community centre which are completely free,\" said the officer. The doctor will be produced in court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13160059", "title": "6,896 students will take common entrance test in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: As many as 6,896 students will appear for the common entrance test (CET) for Biology, Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry subjects scheduled for May 21 and 22 in Belgaum district.Fourteen examination centres will be opened across the district, including 8 in Belgaum, 2 in Chikkodi, 3 in Gokak and another at Athani taluk.After a meeting with educational department officials here on Tuesday, deputy commissioner Anbukumar said 3,776 students will write exams in Belgaum, 1,392 at Chikkodi, 1,200 at Gokak and 528 at Athani centres.He ordered tahsildars concerned to impose prohibitory orders under section 144 IPC to restrict public movement on the premises of examination centres. Circulars will be issued asking owners of Xerox shops in the 100-metre radius to shut their shops.Examination centres Belgaum: GSS Science PU college and Gogte Commerce and Science PU college in Tilakwadi, Lingraj PU College at College Road, Jatti PU college on Club Road, Maratha Mandal PU college in Chawat Galli, RL Science PU college on College Road, Islamia Composite PU college in Camp and Government Chintamanrao PU college in Shahapur.Chikkodi: RD Composite PU College and Basavaprabhu Kore PU collge.Gokak: Laxmanrao Jarkiholi Composite PU college in Vidya Nagar, JSS PU College in Gokak town and Government Ex Municipal PU college, Gokak and J A Composite PU college, Athani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160687", "title": "Aditya Chopra plans to remake 'Kahaani' in English", "text": "Aditya Chopra has asked the film's producers for rights to the Vidya Balan starrer. He wants to remake it in EnglishIt was a story of success - not just on celluloid but also at the box office. The Vidya Balan starrer Kahaani directed by Sujoy Ghosh did more than simply thrill the audience. It surprised industrywallahs with its simplicity. And now, Aditya Chopra seems to have set his eyes on the film. A few days back, Yash Raj Films entered into discussion with co-producers Jayantilal Gada and Sujoy Ghosh to obtain the rights of Kahaani. Mirror has learnt that Chopra is planning to make the 2012 hit in English now.If sources are to be believed, the plan is to make this new project under YRF's new foreign division helmed by Uday Chopra . A source close to the film, Kahaani however told us that the final decision is yet to be taken.\"It could even be under the YRF banner also. But Aditya surely wants the film. It's a gripping script. The response at the ticket window is a proof of that fact,\" said the source.Kahaani, however has already become a franchise in demand. The film has been sold to Endemol for a Telugu and Tamil remake. The production house that has so far been making television shows will make its debut into the filmmaking business with these projects. The project to be co-produced by Sujoy Ghosh is slated to begin this September and the films may release in January 2013. Elaborating further on this venture, CEOEndemol India Deepak Dhar said, \"Filmmaking was always on the cards and we are delighted to finally set out to actually do it. We are extremely excited about our first project, the remake of Kahaani , which will be in production soon.\"And now, Adi Chopra, who had worked on the script of Kahaani (he was thanked in the credits of the film) has claimed the English remake rights. And though the deal had not been sealed at the time we went to press, sources revealed that that the modalities were being fast worked out.\"If all goes well, we will soon get to see Kahaani in English. And that too from the Yash Raj Film banner,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158790", "title": "Now, filling online form mandatory for sonography centres", "text": "PUNE: Sonography centres in Pune will now have to subscribe to the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) website and fill form 'F' online before conducting an ultrasound sonography test on a pregnant woman. The online portal is expected to ensure strict implementation of the PCPNDT (Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques) Act and help check sex-determination tests.\"The online filling of form 'F' will begin in the city by the month-end. We will first train doctors, involved in conducting obstetric sonogrphy, on how to fill form 'F',\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi of the PMC.The PMC is planning to launch the online facility by June. Subscribing to the website and filling the mandatory form will be absolutely compulsory for all sonography centres.Operators of sonography centres will be trained. \"We will first conduct training programmes for zonal medical officers. They in turn will have to approach sonography centres in their respective jurisdiction and convince them about joining the facility,\" Pardeshi said.There has been an exponential rise in the number of sonography centres in the state in the last six years. In 2004, there were 4,345 such centres, a number that has swelled to 7,939. As per the provisional figures of the 2011 census, the state's child sex ratio has declined from 913 in 2001 to 883 in 2011 - a sharp fall of 30 points over the last 10 years.A 2004 study observes that higher the number of sonography centres in a region, poorer is the sex ratio. According to the state health department's report on sonography centres, in 2004, there were 160 such centres in rural parts ofPune, which went up to 361 in 2011 - a 100% rise. In the same period, centres within PMC limits went up from 221 to 421 and in the Pimpri Chinchwad township the number rose from 45 to 104 .At present, many hospitals, municipal corporations, local administration bodies are developing their own facility to fill form 'F' online. \"We have decided to conduct a meeting of all sonography centres to sensitise them about the online facility,\" said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13157976", "title": "Haryana police collect record of 15 'missing' girls", "text": "ROHTAK: More appalling facts about selling and abandoning of young girls and children have come up during police investigation into the misdeeds of shelter home owner Jaswanti Devi.The police on Tuesday claimed that they had got information about giving away custody of six newborn children who were sons of shelter home inmates. \"These children were given away to couples and families, obviously in lieu of a deal. Investigations have already confirmed giving away two children to families in Aligarh and Delhi in lieu of donations. Though mostly likely remaining children were too given away under similar deals, we cannot confirm this until we have evidence,\" a police official said.Police sources also claimed that they got records of about 15 minor girls from the shelter home who now no longer live there. \"It indicates that they too had been shifted elsewhere. But we are unable to establish any deal in their shifting and in whose custody they are right now,\" sources added. Police spokesperson Ved Singh, however, admitted that police were trying to locate six children missing from the shelter home, but expressed ignorance about the missing girls. He said that the police had asked the district administration to seal all bank accounts of Bharat Vikas Sangh and Jaswanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160198", "title": "Domalguda gold heist: Police expose jeweller's false claim", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chikkadpally police have arrested four persons in connection with the Domalguda gold heist. However, police said the stolen property was worth about Rs five lakh and not Rs 2.71 crore as claimed by the owners of RSR jewellers.After a thorough probe, police held the four petty thieves who also work as auto drivers for committing the offence. The thieves took away the biometric key-enabled locker from RSR jeweller's office in which diamonds and gold jewellery were kept by owners Sreedhar and Naga Jayashree.In their complaint on May 7, the owners claimed that the value of the property lost could be about Rs 2.71 crore. However,police found the value to be not more than Rs five lakh.After gathering the details of jewellery purchase and delivery bills of the jeweller, it was established that the owners had forged a lot of records to increase the value of the lost property. Chikkadpally police are taking legal opinion to proceed against the owners and by Wednesday, a decision would be taken in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13161353", "title": "David Hussey blames batsmen for defeat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blaming the batsmen for the defeat against Delhi Daredevils, Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey said a total in the region of 160 would have been par for the course at the Kotla track.\"Probably, it was a wicket for 160 runs anyway and we bowled well to defend the total. Our batting really let the bowlers down again. Full credit to our bowlers once again, who fought hard and never gave in. They stretched the game till the last over,\" he said at the post-match press conference after his team lost to Delhi Daredevils by 5 wickets in a crucial Indian Premier League match on Tuesday.Punjab pacer Parvinder Awana came up with an incisive fast-bowling performance to rattle the Daredevils top order with his three quick strikes, which included the prized wickets of skipper Virender Sehwag and Ross Taylor , and Hussey said that particular spell brought his team back into the game.\"The spell by Awana was world-class today. He got three batsmen out quickly which very much changed the complexion of the game. The mistake we did was not giving him the fourth over straight to get Mahela (Jayawardene) out.\"That was a mistake by me there. Awana keeps competing with the opposition. Hopefully, he has a big future not just with the Indian cricket team but also with the Kings XI Punjab as well,\" he said.The Australian did not blame the hectic schedule as a reason behind the loss. Prior to this clash, Kings XI played against Deccan Chargers at Mohali on Sunday and travelled straight to Delhi for their crunch game.\"We know how important it was to win against Delhi. We played in Mohali a couple of days back and then travelled straight to Delhi. It gets tiring but this can't be an excuse for the defeat,\" he said.\"The guys are really pumped up. We have two more games left and if we win those matches, we might sneak in (playoffs),\" he added.Refusing to be drawn into the furore surrounding a TV sting operation which claims to have exposed corruption in the IPL, Hussey said he would be \"very disappointed\" if the media puts a question mark on the integrity of his players.\"Everyone in my team, everyone in Kings XI Punjab as a brand plays with utmost integrity and if any print or TV media tries to write differently or say something differently about my team, then I will be very disappointed. I can't really comment on the sting,\" said Hussey.Five uncapped Indian cricket players were suspended with immediate effect pending an inquiry as the BCCI cracked the whip in the wake of the TV sting operation.Mohnish Mishra (Pune Warriors), Shalabh Srivastava (Kings XI Punjab), T P Sudhindra (Deccan Chargers), Amit Yadav (Kings XI Punjab) and Abhinav Bali were suspended after a teleconference of top BCCI officials and members of the IPL Governing Council on Tuesday.Two domestic first-class players, part of IPL teams, had been captured on camera agreeing to bowl no-balls and spot-fix matches. India TV's sting operation also showed two other domestic players agreeing for a transfer to another team when offered a higher fee by the undercover reporters.Srivastava has not played a match for Kings XI this IPL season while Mohnish played the solitary match for Warriors against Royal Challengers Bangalore this edition.Sudhindra played three games for Chargers, conceding 136 runs and taking only one wicket, while Yadav has not got a game for Kings XI. Delhi all-rounder Bali is not part of the IPL but has played first-class cricket for Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159352", "title": "Elephants at festivals: Rules being flouted with impunity", "text": "KOCHI: Most of the casualties in incidents involving captive elephants could have been averted had government agencies and festival committees taken effective steps to implement the government order on norms for transporting and parading elephants at festivals.A quick look at visible facts on such incidents would reveal that the GO issued by the then forest secretary, Sajan Peter, on behalf of the Governor on January 21, remains on paper. Ironically, it was issued based on suggestions that had evolved at the four regional-level elephant management sensitization programmes held in Thrissur, Kapprikkad, Kottayam and Kollam. All stakeholders including elephant owners, festival committees, veterinarians and wildlife experts had taken part.One of the directions in the GO is that adequate distance must be maintained between the elephants being paraded, and that the public must be kept at a safe distance away with the volunteers and police encircling the elephants. Anyone who saw the tragic incident at Irinjalakkuda Koodalmanikkam Temple on Sunday directly, or on TV, would realize that these were directions had not been followed.According to the veterinarians there, those three elephants were very peaceful and obedient. The provocation was the gun salute as part of the guard of honour. \"Any elephant would be provoked if such gun shots are heard at close quartersThis is what had happened at Irinjalakkuda,\" a veterinarian said.The GO also stipulates that the details of the elephants to be paraded should be given to the administrative and enforcement agencies at least 72 hours prior to the commencement of a festival. But the elephant that had run amok during the Thrissur Pooram this year was not even mentioned in the list submitted by the festival committee. to the district authorities.The Paramekkavu Devasom committee decided to parade it at the last minute.The GO also has clear guidelines for veterinarians. on examining elephants prior to the festival.It has banned parading elephants in musth. But the veterinarian, who had examined the elephant that had run amok at Thrissur Pooram, had given permission to parade the animal even though it was in musth. The forest veterinarian who examined it after the incident said he had seen symptoms of musth in it like discharge from the musth-gland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158738", "title": "Six major match-fixing scandals", "text": "CronjegateOn April 7, 2000, Delhi police charge South Africa captain Hansie Cronje with fixing the ODI series against India in March. Herschelle Gibbs, Pieter Strydom and Nicky Boje are also caught in the net. Cronje first denies the allegations before owning up to his misdeeds. He is sacked. SA launch the King Commission. Teammates testify against Cronje, who eventually admits taking large sums of money for giving information to bookmakers and asking teammates to underperform. Cronje is banned for life.Azhar ban and Kapil-Prabhakar spatIn 1997, Manoj Prabhakar accuses a fellow India player of having offered him Rs 25 lakh to throw a match against Pakistan in Lanka in 1994. BCCI appoints a commission to look into the allegation. On May 24, 2000, Prabhakar claims it was Kapil Dev who asked him to underperform. On July 20, IT officials raid the homes of top cricket players and officials across the country. On Nov 27, 2000, Azharuddin is found guilty of match-fixing, while Ajay Jadeja, Manoj Prabhakar, Ajay Sharma and former Indian team physio Ali Irani are found guilty of having links with bookies. On Dec 5, 2000, Azharuddin and Ajay Sharma are banned for life.Salim Malik caseIn 1994, Aussies Shane Warne, Tim May and Mark Waugh allege that Pak captain Salim Malik asked them to bowl badly to lose the Karachi Test. On May 24, 2000, Pak's one-man judicial commission finds Malik guilty of fixing matches and recommends a life ban.More Pak cricketers under scannerIn 1998, Pakistan bowler Ata-ur-Rahman accuses Wasim Akram of offering him Rs 3 lakh to bowl badly against New Zealand. Akram resigns as captain. Rashid Latif accuses Akram, Malik, Inzamam and Ijaz Ahmed of fixing matches. On May 24, 2000, Rehman is found guilty of fixing matches and gets a life ban. It is also recommended that Akram and Mushtaq Ahmed be not allowed to captain Pakistan in future.The no-ball scandalOn Nov 3, 2011, Pakistan's Salman Butt, Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif are jailed by a British court over no-balls, bowled deliberately in a game against England at Lord's in 2010. The revelations are made by a sting operation conducted by the now-defunct News of the World tabloid. Their agent, Mazhar Majeed, is jailed too. In Feb 2011, the ICC bans Butt for 10 years, Asif for seven and Aamer for five.Warne and Waugh's tryst with Indian bookieIn 1998, Warne &amp; Mark Waugh confess that they had been passing on weather and pitch information to an Indian bookie during the Singer Cup in Sri Lanka in 1994. Both are fined by the Oz board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158771", "title": "Sale of MBBS applications sees 23% increase from last year", "text": "CHENNAI: The sale of applications for MBBS and BDS courses, which began on Tuesday, saw a 23.6% jump since 2011. A total of 11,040 applications were sold in government-run medical and dental colleges on the first day against 8,934 in 2011 and 6,455 in 2010.The Directorate of Medical Education printed 25,000 applications and sent them to the 17 government medical college and the Madras Dental College. In Chennai alone, 3,138 applications were sold with the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital accounting for 1,510when compared to 1,350 last year. The Madras Medical College sold 1,102 applications.While general category students had to pay a DD for 500, SC/ST students, who produced two photocopies of their attested community certificate, got it for free. The sale of application forms has been increasing since 2007, when 12,091 forms were sold. Last year, 22,000 applications were sold. The cut-off mark has been increasing.However, there has been no increase in the number of seats in government medical colleges. At present, there are 1,945 seats in 17 government medical colleges and 100 seats in the Government Madras Dental College. After giving away 15% of these seats for the national quota, counselling will be conducted for 1,653 seats in government colleges and for more than 800 seats in self-financing colleges. For the BDS course, there will be 85 seats in the Madras Dental College and 891 in 15 private colleges.Health minister VS Vijay had recently told the assembly that 285 more seats were likely to be added, taking the total to 2,230.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159193", "title": "Chopping away the green cover", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ongoing road widening works of the state highways department is taking a toll on the green cover in the city and suburbs as over 600 trees will be removed from the city's landscape after the completion of the entire project. The state highways department has been granted permission from the forest and revenue departments to cut these trees as per the requirement of their proposal.\"The permission has already been granted and the highways department is proceeding as per their proposal. They are removing trees and electric poles to widen these roads,\" said a senior revenue department official.The widening works will be carried out on Thadagam Road from Government College of Technology to Edayarpalayam covering a stretch of 3.5 kilometers at an estimated cost of Rs 2.64 crores. As many as 250 trees will be axed for the project to widen the road from the existing 6.5 metres to about 15 metres, making it a four lane road to ease the flow of traffic. The work is expected to begin soon.\"We have got the permission to cut the trees along Thadagam road and the widening works will be taken up on this stretch soon,\" said a senior state highways department.Similarly, more than 210 trees are under threat of being axed for the road widening works on Lawley Road-Marudhamalai stretch extending up to 3.6 km at an estimated cost of Rs 6.4 crore. Highways department officials say they have granted permission for cutting minimum number of trees required for the execution of the project. Officials had to face stiff resistance from green activists and a stay was obtained from the district court. Now, they are planning to approach higher courts to obtain legal reprieve in the matter. The total worth of the trees to be cut on this stretch is estimated to be about Rs 7.17 lakh.\"We have no other option but to remove these trees as per our proposal reports. We always try to explain this situation to green activists in the city,\" said another senior state highways official.The highways department has also removed 42 trees along the Kavundampalayam- Onnapalayam stretch and also another 21 trees from Veerakeralam Road. Revenue department officials also claimed that the final go-ahead for the cutting of trees was given only after conducting field inspections of the proposed stretch where widening works is to be taken up.However, green activists claimed that highways and other government departments were engaged in indiscriminate cutting of trees in the city and the outskirts. They also alleged that proper norms and procedures were not being followed and the trees were being cut in excess in the district.\"They are indiscriminately cutting trees in excess of what has been officially permitted. Proper inspection and preparing the estimate is also not being followed in the district,\" said M Yoganathan, green activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159460", "title": "PWD launches survey for Vaduthala-Elamakkara bridge", "text": "KOCHI: The PWD has proposed constructing a bridge over Thevara-Perandoor (TP) Canal in order to improve connectivity between Vaduthala and Elamakkara.The proposed bridge connecting either banks of the canal is expected to come up near Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Vaduthala.Launching the land survey for the project, Hibi Eden MLA said the project had already been accorded administrative sanction to carry out land inspection, assessment and acquisition.\"Rs one crore has already been sanctioned for the purpose. The bridge will be 80-meter long,\" Eden said. The bridge will bring down the travelling distance between the two areas. Currently people have to travel through the busy Pottakuzhy Road and Perandoor Road to reach Elamakkara from Vaduthala.Asha Pious, Vaduthala councilor, said the final decision on the exact location, entry and exit points of the bridge would be announced after completing the survey.\"This will provide a new opening to the interior regions of the city. The bridge will also help one reach Edappally without having to pass through busy junctions like Ernakulam North, Kaloor and Palarivattom.\"With authorities getting actively involved in making the project a reality, builders and real estate agents have been showing interest in acquiring property in the region. Though the dates of construction and commissioning of the bridge have not yet been announced, speculations are rife that the project would be completed during the tenure of the UDF government.\"Builders have been highlighting proximity of schools, hospitals and easy access to the city as the USP of the region,\" said Anoop Anil Kumar , a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159034", "title": "Student drowns in canal", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class VIII student of Santiram High School drowned in a Hooghly canal at Bally Khal on Tuesday morning.Tirthankar Roy, 13, had gone to the canal alone for a bath around 9.30 am, as he did regularly. Since he had a class test, he had gone earlier than usual on Tuesday. The boy, who did not know how to swim, somehow slipped into the water and drowned.Police and a rescue team finally spotted the body around 2 pm. Locals said the boy could have been swept away by the high tide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "khachariwas", "code": "13158066", "title": "Badal seeks more powers for states", "text": "Khachariwas: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, while speaking at the ceremony, demanded more powers for states. Lashing out at the Union government, Badal said the powers had been reduced drastically and if given more powers in decision-making, problems like unemployment and poverty can be dealt better.Badal said that Shekhawat too had raised the issue time and again. \"The state does not have any decision-making powers in the agricultural sector, which varies from state to state. The centre fixes on MSP for crops without even asking us,'' he said, adding that Shekhawat, coming from a rural background, understood the problems and grievances of farmers better. He underlined on the need to follow Shekhawat's principles for better development. Badal also called for better ties between Haryana, Punjab and Rajasthan. \"We are like brothers and united, we can deal with everybody else,'' he said.The senior leaders were all praises for former chief minister Vasundhara Raje . While L K Advani and Badal addressed her as the most popular leader of state, former chief minister of Haryana Om Prakash Chautala addressed her as the next chief minister. \"Looking at the response she gets from all of you, it is clear that she will face no obstacles on her way to becoming the chief minister. And if she does, your support will ensure that her rivals are beaten,'' said Chautala. He also lashed out at the Centre, saying there are only two castes prevalent in the county, that of earners and that of robbers. \"All of us who work are earners and those who have money piled up in banks abroad are robbers,'' he said, while talking about Shekhawat being secular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13158629", "title": "Andhra Bank to open branches in Red-hit areas", "text": "Berhampur: Andhra Bank has proposed to open at least five branches in southern Odisha within this year, including three in Maoist-hit Malkanagiri and Gajapati districts.While one branch is proposed to be opened at Malkanagiri, two others are slated to be opened at R Udayagiri and Mohana in Gajapati. The proposed areas are identified as Maoist-hit and underdeveloped.\"We have proposed to open at least five branches in southern Odisha, the operating areas of our zone this year,\" said zonal manager of Andhra Bank, Berhampur, A B Rama Krishan Rao. These include three in Malknagiri and Gajapati districts, he told reporters here on Tuesday. The bank has no branch in Malkanagiri at present.The average annual growth rate of Malkanagiri was registered at 5.2 percent during the period 2005-06 to 2008-09, the lowest in the state, while that of Gajapati is 6.6 percent, according to the latest economic survey by the state government.Poverty coupled with the lack of infrastructure facilities was the main cause of spurt in Maoist activities in the areas. In order to improve economic standard of the people, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had suggested the chairman of the Andhra Bank to open branches in these areas during a discussion some months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159060", "title": "Grassroots innovations attract global demand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rai Singh Dahiya never had a formal education and does not speak English. However, the 46-year-old grassroot innovator has been efficiently closing business deals in Europe and Africa for his major innovation- a biomass-based gasifier and engine.Innovators like Dahiya are among the new lot of grassroot innovators discovered by the National Innovation Foundation (NIF), who have donned the entrepreneurial hat to crack their own business deals overseas.Raghava Gowda, a 52-year-old school teacher found his exports business to Asian countries so successful that he recently opened a company in Colombo. Gowda, who has developed an elaborate, refined milking machine that can milk cows and buffaloes using a set of reciprocating vacuum pumps with a vacuum gauge, has seen more sale of his product in foreign countries than in India.In the last one year, Gowda has sold thousands of pieces to farmers in Malaysia, Sri Lanka and other Asian countries.However, there are cases, where NIF has stepped in to commercialize grassroot ideas abroad. For instance, a herbal formulation developed by Ukhadiabhai from Dang in Gujarat has attracted interest of a US-based animal health company through NIF. The company has undergone trials in the US for the formulation, which has been developed to treat Mastitis, a bacterial infection of the udder in cattle.Vipin Kumar, chief innovation officer at NIF, said, \"The innovators have now become independent and most directly deal with companies, individuals and farmers in foreign countries. NIF supports them whenever required. However, there are still many innovators, who are content with what they get and do not want to transfer their technology. It is difficult to convince grassroot innovators to look outside their area of functioning as their aim is not to earn money but to change lives.\"NIF has tied up with premier institutes in the country to refine the crude technology developed by grassroot innovators. The grant-in-aid institution has tied up with the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs)-Bombay, Delhi, Guwahati, Gandhinagar, Kharagpur and Kanpur. NIF has also hired private product designers to develop the innovations as per market demand.\"The market wants competitive products and will not see whether the product is coming from a high-end place or from the grassroots. We have an agreement with these institutes, under which the faculty tell us whether a particular innovation will work,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158085", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology launches MSc in physics, chemicals and mathematics", "text": "NAGPUR: Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) is starting postgraduate courses in basic sciences and mathematics from academic year 2012-13. Admissions to the three courses; MSc in physics, chemistry and mathematics, will through entrance examination to be held by the institute on May 27.Presently, VNIT offers BTech degree in eight disciplines and MTech degree in 13 disciplines of engineering. It also offers BArch and MArch programmes for architecture. Science being the basic foundation of any technological and engineering course, the institute had been planning to start the new courses for many years.The new courses aim to fulfil the great demand for students of basic sciences with considerable knowledge of its applications, which is the requirement at national and international level in science and technology. VNIT said it is committed to promoting basic sciences along with engineering and technology, to meet the national objectives.The separate entrance test for each MSc course will be conducted on Sunday, May 27, 2012, at the institute. Students can appear for the test in more than one science discipline on the same day at different times. However, candidates who have cleared Joint Admission Test to MSc need not appear for the entrance test. They can directly apply for admission. JAM qualified candidates will be given preference as per merit in the admission to MSc courses.The application forms for the written entrance tests and admission can be downloaded from the institute's website www.vnit.ac.in under the link MSc. The last date for receipt of application form will be May 22. The website also has other details like schedule, course, seats, fees, written entrance syllabus etc in a brochure for MSc programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157677", "title": "CBI on trail of Rs 250 crore sent by Unitech to Isle of Man", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the CBI is probing the alleged bribe of Rs 200 crore paid to former telecom minister A Raja by Shahid Balwa of DB Realty group through Kalaignar TV, the agency is on the trail of another Rs 250 crore which was transferred to the tax haven of Isle of Man reportedly as quid pro quo by the Unitech group. Unitech group has already been chargesheeted by CBI in the 2G spectrum scam case.The agency recently filed an application in the special CBI court seeking permission to probe a transfer of approximately $51 million (over Rs 250 crore) by Unitech in Isle of Man and was granted permission. The agency is reportedly preparing to send a letter rogatory to get details of the company in which the transfer was made.Sources said the transfer was made sometime in December 2007, when 2G spectrum and licences were allocated to the company. \"Unitech Overseas Ltd invested $51 million in 'one yield enhancement certificate' and Mauritius-based companies were involved in this deal,\" a CBI source said.Sources said this transfer was suspicious as Unitech Overseas Ltd had a paid up capital of only 2,000 pounds initially but received share application of $51 million in December 2007. In January 2009, CBI said, Unitech showed complete loss and showed 'zero' against the investment of $51 million in its books.\"This seems to be a 'dubious' deal, as Unitech Ltd board had made no resolution for transferring such a huge amount of money (Rs 250 crore) to Unitech Overseas Ltd in the Isle of Man,\" said an officer.The Enforcement Directorate is also reportedly probing this transfer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160235", "title": "Abandoned fawn dies in Mysore zoo", "text": "MYSORE: A two-day old fawn, which was abandoned by its mother, died at Mysore zoo on Tuesday.Zoo vet Dr Suresh Kumar told TOI that the young deer died during the pre-dawn hours. The spotted deer had abandoned one of the three fawns that it delivered. The other two are doing well. According to Kumar, this is the first incident of a spotted deer abandoning its offspring in the recent past.At present, the zoo has over 100 deer, and only last year, the authorities had taken up a vasectomy drive to contain their ever-growing population.\"Almost all deer were sterilized then. But the then young ones have come to mating stage now and are producing,\" the vet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13159710", "title": "'Ceasefire with Myanmar is a historic achievement for Nagas'", "text": "DIMAPUR: The ceasefire between NSCN (Khaplang) and the Myanmar government may not have gone down well with the Centre, but the militant outfit believes that it was a historic achievement for Nagas in Myanmar, who are now free to live in their own territory without fear of being attacked or harassed by the ruling junta. A six-member delegation of NSCN (K) led by Wangtin Naga held a meeting with a Myanmerese delegation and signed the ceasefire deal on April 8. The NSCN (K) delegation was received by Col Kyi Niang of Myanmar's ministry of border affairs and the Nagas of Myanmar.In a telephonic conversation with TOI, Wangtin Naga said the Nagas have always wanted a bilateral ceasefire with Myanmar and the deal was the fruit of four years of hard work. He said the Nagas have achieved peace after six decades and the agreement has also made Myanmerese authorities realize that any confrontation would be futile. Claiming that there were no conditions in the agreement, the NSCN (K) leader said they have decided to open a ceasefire office in Khamti and a sub-office at Thamadi on the Indo-Myanmar border.Wangtin said though Nagas are the dominant population in some districts in Myanmar, Sangiang and Kachin is yet to be returned to their people. He said: \"Nagas have autonomy in Lahe, Layse and Nanyang in Sagaing region and we are looking for self-administration in more Naga-populated districts in Kachin.\" He also said mineral resources in Naga-dominated areas belong to the Nagas and should not be explored or exploited without their consent.Talking about the achievements made by the bilateral ceasefire agreement with Myanmar, Wangtin said the Naga army will now have free movement in Naga-inhabited areas and location of military camps of both NSCN (K) and the Mynamarese Army has to be relooked at.The Khaplang cadres, who are now free to move unarmed anywhere in Myanmar, also want self-administration in Naga areas of Mawlaik, Phongpyn and Homlin in Sagaing and Tanai (Teniang) and Shingbwiyang areas in Kachin state. \"The ceasefire was on public demand. Unless the economy is developed, people will be doomed,\" said Wangtin. The Naga districts of Sagaing region, which has just one motorable road - the Ledo-Kunming Stilwell road built during World War II - are demanding connectivity and dirt roads are being built in Lahe, Shingbwiyang and Nanyang areas.When asked about the role of Nagas in Myamar, he said the Myanmarese government was formed on January 5, 1948 but Nagas living in Myanmar did not become part of the government and had to face several hardships over the last 60 years. He hoped the ceasefire brings development and peace to Naga-inhabited areas both in India and Myanmar.When pointed out that the Centre did not extend the ceasefire with NSCN (K) as they had entered into an agreement with Myanmar, Wangtin said it is wrong on the part of the Centre as the bilateral ceasefire with Myanmar has nothing to do with India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158844", "title": "Death could not part this Chennai couple", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials on Tuesday said two more people from Chennai had died in the Agni Air aircraft crash in Nepal on Monday, in which 15 of the 21 people on board were killed. A total of four people from Tamil Nadu died in the crash.The victims, a middle-aged couple from Mogappair, V Gopi, 57, and V Swarnalatha, 52, had left the city on an eight-day pilgrimage to Muktinath Temple in Nepal's Mustang district.Latha Sreekanth, a resident of Vadapalani, and L S Sudarsanam, a priest from Kumbakonam, were found dead at the crash site on Monday. Latha's husband T K Sreekanth, who works for Infosys, and their children, Sreevardhini, 9, and Sreepada, 6 were rescued from the crash site.The Dornier Do 228 (9N-AIG) aircraft crashed into a cliff at 9.30 am on Monday while on a flight from the tourist town of Pokhara to Jomsom in northwestern Nepal.\"We found out about their deaths only today morning,\" Swarnalatha's brother Kishore said on Tuesday. \"They left the city last Tuesday. We had been trying to contact my sister and brother-in-law for the past three days, but their phones were out of range. We panicked when we heard about the crash on Monday, but the travel agent assured us that they were safe.\"The agent called on Tuesday morning to inform them that the couple had died in the accident. Members of the family, who live in Vadapalani, were shaken by the news. Kishore, 43, said it was a severe blow as his sister was his sole surviving relative apart from his wife and son. \"They were very close,\" said Kishore's wife Mallika. \"Their parents died several years ago and both brother and sister looked out for each other.\"Gopi and Swarnalatha, who had no children, owned a building in Mogappair in which they lived in a duplex apartment while renting out other portions. Gopi was a retired jeweller and goldsmith who sold his business 15 years ago.\"They were soft spoken and easy to get along with,\" said D Kavitha, their neighbour and tenant, who runs a tutorial centre in the same building. \"They were very pious and performed a lot of pujas.\"Kishore flew to Nepal on Tuesday evening to claim the bodies of his sister and brother-in-law. Latha Sreekanth's brother-in-law S D Srinivasan reached Pokahara earlier on Tuesday to take care of her children. Her husband Sreekanth, who suffered head injuries, was still in coma a day after the crash.The bodies of Latha and Sudarsanam are likely to be brought to Chennai on Wednesday evening, authorities said.The Agni Air turboprop crashed after its pilot attempted to gain height while aborting a difficult landing in the Jomsom airport, officials said. There were 21 people on board the aircraft, 16 Indians, two Danish nationals and three crew members. The passengers had chartered the aircraft to fly to Jomsom, around 200 km northwest of Kathmandu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157399", "title": "DIG recommends EOW probe into statue scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the scope of inquiry into the non-payment to a sculptor for elephant statues widening, DIG Ashutosh Pandey has decided to recommend for Economic Offence Wing (EOW) inquiry to the state government.The decision to this effect comes in wake of cops tumbling upon clues which could lead to a major scam.During the BSP rule, Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (UPRNN) carried out development work at various dream projects of then chief minister Mayawati . However, the haste and unavailability of proper budget allocation, sources said, forced UPRNN officials to flout norms at various steps.The matter came to light when a sculptor from Agra, Madanlal, lodged a complaint with Gomtinagar police that contrator Aditya Agrawal had duped him of around Rs 40 lakh by paying only Rs seven lakh against the payment of Rs 48 lakh.The police swung into action and arrested Aditya Agrawal. Agarwal reportedly was granted bail on Tuesday.Following media reports, complainants started pouring in as the police raided UPRNN office on Monday and seized 20 files.On the other hand, another complainant of Krishnanagar accused officials of Nirman Nigam of not paying him the due payment for soil digging and levelling work.Following these complaints, the cops came across the names of two former MDs -- CP Singh and Arvind Bhatia and three general managers behind the irregularities. It was in this regard that the DIG recommended for impounding of their passports.However, on Tuesday the DIG recommended for EOW inquiry into the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13157971", "title": "HC tells govt to stop illegal mining in Beri Ganga forests in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday ordered halting of all mining activities in the Beri Ganga forest land, which had badly affected the catchment area of the Bal Samand Lake and its feeder canal having a length of 10 km. The court also said that the district collector, police and officials of forests and mining departments would be responsible if any mining takes place in the area in future.The court was hearing a PIL filed by Ramji Vyas, an environmentalist, who approached the court in September 2011 after he failed in his efforts to get the mining activities checked in the Beri Ganga forest land. The petitioner also objected to the attempts by the state government to get the said forest land denotified, to which the division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Sangeet Lodha said that if the government denotified the forest land, the decision would be worthy to be challenged in the court.Petitioner's counsel Sachin Acharya said that despite the Beri Ganga forest land -- spread over 20.5 square km area in Jodhpur and rich in sandstone - was notified as a forest land vide a notification in 1961, the mining department issued mining leases on the said land, which along with illegal mining, destroyed the entire catchment area and the feeder canal, thereby endangering the prospects of the natural and ancient water body with 48 MCFT water capacity.\"Even the reminders by the forest department to the mining department requesting to cancel the leases on the said land and to provide the list of allotted leases on the said land, fell on deaf years. Later, the mining department informed the petitioner vide a letter dated 15/11/2007 that all the 181 mining leases have been suspended on the said forest land and also to the forest department that no renewal of the same has been undertaken,\" said Acharya.But the petitioner claimed that in spite of that, mining activities continued in the region backed by politically influential persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13158143", "title": "Keralite held in Goa with fake passport", "text": "VASCO: A Keralite was arrested by the Vasco police on Tuesday for carrying a fake passport. Forty-year-old Mohammed Anthena came to Goa from Sharjah by Air Arabia. Mohammed landed at Dabolim airport at 3:45am on Tuesday. At the immigration counter, it was detected that he was carrying a fake passport. Immigration police found that the passport numbered H0177258 actually belonged to Asif Ali, also from Kerala. Anthena told the police that he had changed the photo of the passport. Two more passports were found in his possession with his name. He was handed over to the Vasco police, who produced him in the Vasco JMFC. He is under seven days police remand. Vasco police said that they are investigating how he managed to fly to Sharjah with fake passports. Police have registered the case under Sections 465, 467, 471, 419, of IPC and 12 of the Passport Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13157647", "title": "Now, Manjit Kaur in NADA net", "text": "BANGALORE: Almost a year after Manjit Kaur disappeared from the national athletics camp in Patiala evading doping control officers (DCOs) of National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA), the key runner in the gold medal winning 4x400m relay quartet at the last Commonwealth and Asian Games is facing a two-year ban for refusing to submit to sample collection.Even as the other three members of the squad - AC Ashwini, Mandip Kaur and Sini Jose - are serving suspensions following their positive results in tests conducted during May-June last year, Manjit was \"untraceable\" with Athletics Federation of India (AFI) officials maintaining that she has left the camp and has not reported back.TOI had reported about Manjit's evasive tactics on July 9, 2011 and subsequently NADA had intensified its efforts to collect her sample. All this while, Manjit was back home and getting ready to join Punjab Police as a Deputy Superintendent of Police along with five other top sportspersons including world record holder shooter Ronjan Sodhi.According to sources, Manjit, the national record holder in women's 400m joined the police training college only in November before going on \"sports leave\" after just two months.\"She produced a letter from AFI saying that she was part of the Olympic probables and went on leave in January 2012. She reported back to the college a few days back saying that her preparations have been hit by a hamstring injury,\" sources told TOI.\"Since she has missed a lot of training, it is unlikely that she will pass out with the rest of the police trainees who joined in July last year.\"It seems that Manjit's luck ran out last month when she arrived at the National Institute of Sports in Patiala this time not to compete but to watch her brother in action in the Federation Cup.\"NADA could not conduct her sample testing on two previous occasions at Patiala in 2011 when Manjit was in the NIS Patiala camp. She was reported on leave whenever the NADA team visited and her dope testing could not materialize,\" NADA director general Rahul Bhatnagar told TOI.\"She was present at the stadium during the Federation Cup on April 21, 2012 and when the NADA official tried to notify her for dope sample, she refused to sign the notification form. This was reported to senior AFI officials present there in writing and the NADA official has given a report to this effect. Based on the report, it has been decided to notify her for anti-doping rule violation,\" Bhatnagar said.NADA has now charged her under Article 2.3 of the World Anti-Doping Agency Code which states that refusing or failing without compelling justification to submit to sample collection after notification too is an anti-doping rule violation. She now faces a two-year ban, according to Article 10.3.1 of the code. NADA will officially serve notice on her on Wednesday to appear before the anti-doping disciplinary panel, it is learnt.According to sources, Manjit was also spotted at NIS, Patiala a few months back but she left the camp after 2-3 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157146", "title": "Railways should rationalize tariffs: CAG report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting railway minister Mukul Roy's move to roll back hike in passenger fare, CAG said the way forward for the national transporter is to rationalize both passenger and freight tariffs to tide over the severe financial crunch.The government auditor observed that railways is in the red, and has not been able to meet the escalating cost of operating passenger and other services.It asked railways to explore alternate sources of financing, noting that \"their accumulated funds have eroded by 93%\".It was highlighted by the auditor that there is heavy cross-subsidization from freight services to passenger services and percentage of freight earnings used to subsidize the losses on passenger and other coaching services ranged between 15.80% and 34.32% from 2007-08 to 2009-10.The CAG's latest report on railways tabled in Parliament on Tuesday said \"It is essential that railways increases its market share in bulk commodities where it has an inherent competitive advantage.\"The auditor also asked the transporter to wind up unviable and loss-making projects. \"It is important for the railways to review all capital works in progress and take expeditious decision with regard to closure of projects especially non-remunerative lines, where there is road connectivity and where the progress with the projects is no longer as valid. There is a need to focus more on viable projects,\" said the report.The report expressed concern over the increasing dependency of the railways on the gross budgetary support due to shrinkage of internal resources. Improper maintenance of land records, failure in safeguarding title of railway land and non-execution of agreements with licensees are factors leading to huge outstanding yet to be recovered by the railways as licence fees, the CAG has highlighted.Observing \"tardy\" progress in identifying vacant land for commercial use, it noted that only 3% of the total vacant land had so far been handed over to Rail Land Development Authority (RLDA).CAG has found the performance of railways in safeguarding its ownership of land and ensuring proper maintenance of land records unsatisfactory.\"Though in a number of cases railway land was allowed to be occupied by the PSUs and other government departments and private parties, Railways had failed to take effective action to execute licence agreements and recover the licence fee from the licencees,\" the report said.Besides, it has also observed that delay in sanctioning and completing the new rail bridge work over the Sone river resulted in heavy detention to goods trains leading to avoidable revenue loss of Rs 284.20 crore.CAG has observed irregular benefit of concessional tariff by railway staff to exporters of iron ore without obtaining the prescribed documents and ensuring that all the conditions had been complied with which resulted in undue benefit of Rs 1795.51 crore to the consignors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158751", "title": "Glass-coated kite strings damage power cables: Electricity board authorities", "text": "CHENNAI: Flying kites is, indirectly, among the reasons for irregular power cuts in some city areas, say electricity board authorities. In a press release on Tuesday, they urged the public not to indulge in the pastime, mainly in the suburbs.Tamil Nadu Transmission Company officials say damage caused to cables and equipment by severed kites and kite strings has led to shutdowns. \"When a kite or a kite string gets entangled in a cable near a sub-station, some equipment is damaged. It takes at least eight hours to rectify the problem,\" said a senior official. Many children unwittingly climbed electric poles to retrieve entangled kites leading to fatal accidents, the release said.Officials, however, say the situation this year was slightly better. \"There have been a couple of incidents in the last few months that led to a shutdown. Previous years were worse,\" said the official.Kites are a problem in the outer areas where the cables run overhead. \"Areas such as Tondiarpet, Ennore in the north and Velachery and Taramani in the south are the most affected,\" said the official. Within the city, cables are underground.There are no immediate plans to run cables underground as it \"is very expensive,\" said the official. The release said carrying material that conducts electricity near these cables also poses a risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158480", "title": "Delhi HC clears Unmukt Chand to take BA exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Ranji player and IPL cricketer, Unmukt Chand, barred from taking his BA first year examinations over lack of attendance, was allowed by the Delhi high court on Tuesday to sit for it at St Stephen's College.Asking the Delhi University to allow Chand, a BA (Prog) student from St Stephens to take his examination, Justice Vipin Sanghi, however, asked the University not to declare his result till disposal of his plea.Issuing notices to DU and the college, Justice Sanghi sought their reply by May 18 to Chand's plea and asked the University to allow him to appear for today's Economics paper and another paper scheduled for May 17.Justice Sanghi was hearing a petition filed by Chand, associated with IPL Team Delhi, alleging that the university has taken an \"arbitrary\" decision not to issue him any admit card to sit for the examination.The former U-19 team captain claimed in his petition that he had got admission last year under sports quota and the sportspersons usually get relaxation in their attendance. The court has now fixed May 18 to hear the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13157828", "title": "3 youths drown in Ganga", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three youths, including two from Chandigarh and one from Mohali district, drowned to death in Ganga near Rishikesh on Tuesday.Three youths were students in a leading private polytechnic institute of Dehradun and went to Rishikesh after their annual exams. The deceased were identified as Vebhav of Sector 23, Udaykaran Singh of Sector 47 of Chandigarh and Anubhav of Mohali district.Bodies of the youths were fished out after two-hour long search. The fourth friend who accompanied them did not enter the river and sat on the banks. He reportedly raised an alarm when he saw the youths drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159244", "title": "Bihar partners with Drug for Neglected Diseases Initiative for kala-azar drugs", "text": "PATNA: To overcome the shortage of kala-azar drugs in the state, Bihar has tied up with the Drug for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDi), a world-renowned organization involved in research on kala-azar drugs.Geneva-based DNDi was founded 2003, thanks to the 1999 Nobel Peace Prize won by Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for its efforts to provide medical care in acute crisis. It opened its India office in 2004 and is currently working with several Indian and India-based institutions and research companies to develop effective and low-cost drugs for neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) such as kala-azar and malaria. WHO acts as a permanent observer to the initiative.Principal secretary (health) Amarjeet Sinha said, \"We have partnered with the DNDi for procurement of kala-azar drugs which would be available in the state within two weeks.\" Sinha, however, claimed the state had adequate stock of drugs to cater to kala-azar patients.The state government had earlier held parleys with the central government for supply of kala-azar drugs. On several occasions, the state government had accused the Centre of delaying the supply of miltefosine drug used for kala-azar treatment. \"We had a talk with the Union ministry of health and family welfare too in this regard,\" Sinha said.DNDi had earlier entered into a partnership with the Kala-Azar Medical Research Centre and the Rajendra Memorial Research Institute of Medical Sciences in Bihar to develop new treatment for kala-azar patients. The move was aimed at developing a safe and effective short-course combination therapy using existing drugs for kala-azar. Clinical trials of some new drugs have already been completed and the partnership aims at taking the process further, sources said.According to an estimate, Bihar accounts for 60% of the one lakh new cases of kala-azar reported in India annually. \"However, only 5,000 cases were reported in 2011-12 as against 6,500 cases in 2010-11,\" Sinha said and attributed it to intensive indoor residual spraying campaign launched in 11 districts of the state last year.The state registered 15,000 kala-azar cases and 50 patients died in 2011 with Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Sheohar, East Champaran and West Champaran being the worst-hit districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159520", "title": "Ajit Singh draws flak for making policy statements outside House", "text": "NEW DELHI: Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh came under scathing attack from opposition benches in Lok Sabha on Tuesday over his statements on policy outside Parliament, including privatization of the national carrier.Demanding an explanation from Singh, the Opposition threatened to bring a privilege motion against him for speaking on policy issues on civil aviation outside when the House was in session. They also wanted to know what the government was doing to resolve the eight-day-long impasse, with more than 70 pilots being sacked so far for their stir.The protests, led by Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj, climaxed in adjournment of the House ahead of the lunch recess with the Opposition objecting to Singh's absence and asking Speaker Meira Kumar to direct the government to bring him to the House.Swaraj joined the members of her party BJP, CPI(M), CPI and JD-U in saying that Singh's remarks to the media on policy matters like privatization amounted to breach of \"propriety of the House and hence its privilege\".She said even when Singh had not replied to a discussion on Air India and the ongoing strike in the House, \"he is making statements on policy matters outside\".The Speaker said a discussion was already scheduled later in the day and the minister would respond to them at that time. \"How can I direct the government? If I receive a notice (of breach of privilege), I can look into it,\" Kumar said.Permitting Basudeb Acharia (CPM) to raise the issue in Zero Hour, she said she had rejected his adjournment notice.Raising the matter, Acharia said Singh was making statements \"clearly indicating\" privatization of Air India, a state-run undertaking. \"The minister's only motive is to discredit the national carrier and sell it because he has made it clear that the government will not take the responsibility to run Air India.\"\"Privatization of a PSU is a policy matter. How can a minister make a statement outside Parliament?\" Acharia posed, demanding immediate revocation of the sacking of the pilots and initiation of negotiations with their union.Acharia was supported by former civil aviation ministers Ananth Kumar, Shahnawaz Hussain (both BJP) and Sharad Yadav (JD-U), who also criticized Singh for making policy statements through the media and sought that Singh be made to come to the House and clarify.Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) said the minister was \"speaking eloquently\" in the electronic media and saying he was \"against the merger, against (the country) having a national carrier and against the government running a service industry\". As several opposition members joined the Left and BJP to demand that the minister be brought for a clarification, the Speaker adjourned the House till 2 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157861", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to terminate private firm's street light contract", "text": "NAGPUR: Annoyed over the tardy pace of work for strengthening street lights infrastructure by a private contractor, N M Enterprises, Nagpur Municipal Corporation has issued a termination notice to the firm.A senior official in the NMC's electric department confirmed the development and said that the civic chief has asked the firm to file its reply by May 16.Following 'frequent' complaints about defunct street lights across the city, the NMC entered into an agreement with N M Enterprises in December 2011 for strengthening street lights infrastructure, including erecting of 17,500 new street light poles, repair of fuse boxes, etc. According to the Rs 40 crore contract, the work was to be completed in 14 months.The built, operate and transfer (BOT) contract was for 15 years and the firm was to get revenue from the civic body on deferred basis and also by way of energy savings during the process. The firm had also deposited Rs 75 lakh as earnest money deposit.Subsequently, the firm started the work. \"Modernization of street lights over a length of 41km ring road and many other localities was undertaken in Nagpur prior this year,\" said the official. In fact, the contractor erected street lights on the Ring Road patch from Mankapur Chowk to Katol road Naka square. But after that the work came to a halt, pointed out the official.Of late the contractor realized that most electric cables were old and damaged at many places. Replacement of cables would have cost an estimated Rs40 crore alone. The firm also realized that the cost of the project seemed escalating and hence, the progress of the work was hit, the official said.However, taking serious cognisance of the slow pace of work, the civic chief directed executive engineer Sanjay Jaiswal to initiate action and also issued a notice to the firm.At present, annually, the NMC spends Rs 12 crore for maintenance of over 93,000 street lights across the city. It appointed eight contractors for the job in all 10 zones. And around 4,489 street lights are defunct across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13159504", "title": "No one punished in jumbo-related cases in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: No one has been punished so far in Thrissur for incidents involving captive elephants though the district remains the 'epicentre of such incidents.' The Kerala Captive Elephant Management and Maintenance Rules were framed in 2003 in accordance with subsection (2) of the Section 54 of the Wildlife Act 1972. Violators can be sentenced to three years in prison for their offense.\"We started taking cases under that rule maybe over a year ago. But no one has been punished so far,'' said Thrissur DFO A R Sasikumar. Meanwhile district forest officials have launched prosecution procedures against the owner and mahout of the tusker that went berserk at Thrissur Pooram on May 2.\" Paramekkavu Devaswom officials, who had paraded it, and the veterinarian who gave the fitness certificate, are spared. This is highly deplorable,'' said T R Anilkumar, who was seriously injured in the incident and is undergoing treatment.Equally disturbing is the attitude of several Pooram fans, who are seen trooping after the elephants, even when they are running amok. This makes crowd control a difficult job. But the words of an elephant fan K P Narayanan - who is working with a prominent daily in Kozhikode - summarizes the perception of such people. \"I consider it as the best form of 'moksha' if I'm gored to death by elephant at a festival compound,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159837", "title": "7 policemen suspended from duty in one day", "text": "NASHIK: Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal on Tuesday suspended two policemen from the Ambad police station, even as superintendent of police (rural) Pravin Padwal signed suspension orders of three policemen from the Chandwad police station and two others for different reasons.Two policemen from the Ambad police station, Yuvaraj Patil and B K Pawar, had gotten into an argument after cops raided the scrap market at the Satpur-Ambad link road. The argument resulted in fisticuffs between the two employees. So Sarangal suspended both, pending enquiry. \"It is a disciplinary measure,\" sources said.Three cops from the Chandwad police station of the Nashik rural police also faced suspension orders on Tuesday. After three inmates of Chandwad sub-jail fled the police station on Saturday, the SP (rural) suspended assistant sub-inspector (ASI) K V Gahile, hawaldar R K Nawale and police naik P H Sonawane, pending enquiry. Sources said the conduct of the three employees came under the scanner after three accused escaped the sub-jail by cutting the rods with a hack-saw.Sachin Gite, driver of a police car, and Amol Kedare, an employee of the police headquarters, were also suspended after they were found intoxicated and discovered misusing the police department vehicle, which they used to go to Shirdi while on duty.Sources said that the duo was on duty when they took the official police vehicle to Shirdi. They were intoxicated and were handed over to the Shirdi police after a brawl with the security persons at Shirdi temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157500", "title": "Cops never acted against Shukla despite leads", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the CBI is building a strong case against former Lucknow CMO Dr AK Shukla in Dr VK Arya murder case, the leads that the agency is banking on have already been known to the city police which probed the case during early stages. However, for the reasons best known to them, they never acted against the former CMO in the murder case. Although he was arrested in July last year, but that was for his role in the NRHM scam.Things, however, began to change once the case was handed over to the CBI. The agency arrested him on May 6 this year and later took him on a two-day remand, which has now been extended by another four days. Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets on October 27, 2010. Although Dr Shukla denied his role in the murder, he had come under the scanner of the city police when he was among the first health officials to reach the spot where Dr Arya was murdered. The CBI, too, has zeroed in on this aspect apart from other clinching evidence against him.Dr Arya was shot by two shooters at around 5.45am near his house in Vikasnagar. The police reached the spot within 30 minutes of receiving the information while senior police officials reached by 6.45am. However, to the surprise of police officials, Dr Shukla was already present at the spot. Moreover, Dr Shukla appeared unperturbed and even speculated on the reasons that could have led to Dr Arya's murder, sources said. It appeared as if Dr Shukla was trying to influence the investigation towards a certain issue, sources added. Dr Shukla also took the names of a few contractors before the senior cops at the spot.Had the police then quizzed Dr Shukla, the Central agency might have nailed him by now, say CBI sources. But, the police kept Dr Shukla out of the radar throughout the investigation even when the two arrested shooters had named Dr AK Shukla as the key conspirator.One of the shooters in Dr BP Singh murder case -- Anand Prakash Tiwari -- had told the police that another health official, apart from deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan, was behind the murders of the two CMOs of family welfare -- Dr BP Singh and his predecessor Dr Vinod Kumar Arya. He had also claimed that Dr Sachan and the said senior health official had given him the contract through Ram Krishna Verma for the two murders. But, the Lucknow police never bothered to find out who this other health officials was?Tiwari also had told the police that he didn't get the promised money after the murder of Dr Singh. Since Dr Sachan was sent to jail on April 5, 2011, he even contacted the said health official for money. But the latter refused to pay the rest amount. This strained his relations with the official in question, Tiwari had told the police. The said official told Tiwari that the remaining amount would be paid only after Dr Sachan's release. Tiwari, however, said he was given the promised sum of Rs two lakh after Dr Arya's murder by the said official and Dr Sachan. For Dr Singh's murder too, Tiwari was promised Rs 2 lakh by the two alleged conspirators who paid him an advance of Rs 50,000.The CBI sources have confirmed that a payment of Rs 1.5 lakh from the National Rural Health Mission was given to RK Verma by the ex-CMO without the former not doing any work against the payment. However, the sources neither confirmed nor denied that whether the money was for the murder of at least one CMO family welfare or not.Meanwhile, the CBI on Tuesday called BSP MLC Ramu Dwivedi, who is also said to be the right-hand man of mafia-turned-MP Dhananjay Singh. The CBI is believed to have questioned Ramu about the shooters who could have been behind the killing of CMO family welfare Dr VK Arya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157433", "title": "Ban indecent portrayal of women in ads: MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Parliament worked up a lather over political cartoons in NCERT textbooks, MPs on Tuesday demanded a ban on indecent representation of women in advertisements. Demands ranged from calling an all-party meeting to setting up of a censor board for ads.Responding to queries, I&B; minister Ambika Soni said that the government was giving self-regulation a chance, but it was empowered and would take action if it deemed necessary.Soni also pointed at the hypocrisy of members, who demanded a ban on ads, but also sent letters of protest when her ministry took action against defaulters.She said there were 15 different laws to check content on TV and print media and the government had been criticized on many occasions when it had issued advisories to erring media. \"I can work within the ambit of the law. I cannot issue a directive for action against any particular channel or newspaper,\" Soni said, urging MPs to empower the hands of the ministry to enable strict action against such channels.She said in the past one year government had issued 105 notices and on 85 occasions ads had been changed or dropped by the channels concerned. In 15 cases the government was facing litigation, she said.Opposition parties closed ranks to criticize the ministry with women members from CPM, BJP and Trinamool urging for stricter codes for ads.BJP leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj even suggested calling an all-party meeting on the issue. Soni responded that neither she nor the UPA was helpless in tackling the issue of telecast of offending advertisements on TV. \"Neither I as minister feel myself helpless nor is the government helpless. If this is what you think then this is your misunderstanding,\" Soni said in Lok Sabha during Question Hour.Soni said the government has set up a Group of Ministers on different media related issues. \"Let the GoM complete its deliberations on the issue, let the agenda be ready for such discussions....after that I would be happy to call an all-party meeting on the issue,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13161420", "title": "Intel CEO to come from within the co", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini said Chief Operating Officer Brian Krzanich is one of \"a stable of strong candidates\" to eventually replace him.The company will probably continue a tradition of filling the top position from within its own ranks, Otellini said today in a television interview broadcast on \"Bloomberg West\" from the company's headquarters in Santa Clara , California .\"We're a company that's always gone from within in terms of these promotions,\" he said. \"I think that makes a lot of sense for most companies, particularly given the track record in the Valley lately.\" Otellini, 61, as well as his two predecessors, Craig Barrett and Andy Grove , spent time in the role of chief operating officer before taking on the CEO role at Intel, the world's largest semiconductor maker. Otellini said his job is to groom a number of candidates for the board to choose from.Under Otellini, Intel has jump-started a decade-long effort to parlay its dominance in the personal-computer processor market into chip orders from mobile-phone makers. The company has announced five new customer relationships this year, leading to the first phone with an Intel processor going on sale in India last month.Mike Bell , a former Apple executive who was hired by Otellini to co-head the company's mobile-phone division, said there may be more announcements to come. He declined to comment on whether Apple will use Intel chips in its mobile products.Intel will continue to try to create products that are so good that \"people can't afford not to take a look,\" Bell said.\"We are looking to partner with as many people as we can in the space,\" he said. \"I think you'll see more to come as the year goes on.\"Intel shares fell less than 1 per cent to $26.88 at the close in New York . The stock has increased 11 per cent this year, compared with a 6 per cent gain in the benchmark Philadelphia Semiconductor Index.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158072", "title": "Jaipur Dairy official held for bribery", "text": "JAIPUR: The ACB on Tuesday arrested a Jaipur Dairy officer - Kailash Chand Pareek -- after he was caught red-handed taking bribe from a labour contractor to release payments. A search is on at his Mansarovar residence. The incident has once against brought to fore the rampant corruption in Jaipur Dairy which produces popular milk products like Saras. Many officers have been caught on corruption charges in the past too.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, Pareek was working as a second grade operator for fresh products section. \"He supervises labourers working in plants where fresh products like milk, curd, butter milk and paneer (cottage cheese) are prepared,\" said Mishra.Addl SP, ACB, Manish Tripathi said that Pareek was demanding bribe from the labour contractor Raghuveer Singh. \"For making payments to Singh, Pareek used to demand a bribe of Rs 6,000 for labourers per product per month. Pareek had recently hiked the bribe amount,\" said Tripathi.He added that Singh approached ACB following which a trap was laid. \"The team reached Jaipur Dairy plant almost two hours before he was to accept the bribe from the contractor,\" said the officer.While the contractor was handing over Rs 13,000 to Pareek at the office of dairy's deputy manager, the ACB team caught him. The money was recovered from the drawer.Pareek was arrested and booked under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"A search is on at his Mansarovar residence,\" said the officer. Pareek will be produced in court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159756", "title": "Two cases of dowry harassment registered on same day in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Two cases of dowry harassment were registered in the city on Tuesday and in both cases the women had been asked by their in-laws to leave the house and get money from their parents.Sonakshi Sable (23), a Satpur resident, has registered a case with the Adgaon police against her husband Vijay Sable, and six in-laws, all Adgaon residents, for allegedly harassing her for dowry. The complainant accused her in-laws of torturing her and trying to coerce her to bring Rs 2 lakh from her parents. The complainant has alleged physical and mental harassment.In another case, Anita Mane (20) a resident of Rokdobawadi, Nashik Road, has alleged that her husband Mukesh Mane and four others, all residents of Aringale Mala, Nashik Road, have been harassing and abusing her physically and mentally for want of Rs 1 lakh.Since Anita was unable to give them the money, she was repeatedly asked to go back to her maternal house. The women's security cell intervened in the matter, but after their attempts failed, a case was registered at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158093", "title": "Delhi Development Authority to set up unit to repair unsafe houses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Development Authority on Tuesday decided to set up a separate unit to address the issue of unsafe buildings considered to be vulnerable during earthquakes.In a meeting held on Tuesday with presence of lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna and senior officials, the authority came up with the decision to dedicate an additional unit that will look after repair and rebuilding of buildings considered structurally unsafe. Modalities of working of this unit and the system of finance will be worked out.Officials say that since the capital is a seismic zone and with recent incidents of building collapse, the agency came up with the idea keeping public safety in mind. The meeting also decided that a separate head will be created to look after relocation and development of 345 slums on DDA land.The officials will make sure that the work of In-situ development of these slums clusters can be fast tracked and it is monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158821", "title": "Mystery woman leaves for Chennai home, with fond memories", "text": "CHENNAI: Iryna, the young Belarus woman who created a flutter in a city suburb recently, was visibly cheerful at the Government General Hospital on Tuesday. She is set to fly home on Wednesday after nearly 10 days of treatment for depression. The 26-year-old from Minsk, the Belarus capital, was found bathing in a bikini at a pond near Tambaram on May 7 and taken to the GH. \"People here are so nice.I want to give something back to them but I don't have any money. I'll give them my sketches,'' said the contemporary artist, and showed pictures she had drawn for doctors, health workers and policemen at the hospital. \"I love Chennai in particular. I was looked after well and kept myself busy drawing and reading,'' she said from her hospital bed, sitting amid drawing books, photos of Ramana Maharishi and a host of colour pencils. She was clad in light green baggy pants and a white top.\"A policeman from the intelligence section got me a book and colouring pencils and I started drawing,'' she said. Later, the officer's daughter, who was working on a project on global warming, sought her help and Iryna produced a picture depicting global warming. Iryna said she entered the country via Nepal on January 1 on a six-month visa and visited Gorakhpur, Puttaparthi and Gokarna in Karnataka. She arrived in Tamil Nadu on April 20. \"I was also in Sri Lanka and visited Auroville near Puducherry,\" she said. On May 7, she was wandering around Chennai when she saw a pond and decided to have a swim. Locals alerted police and she was brought to hospital. \"The policemen were very nice to me,'' she said.Iryna said she had kept her bag, containing cash, credit cards and music CDs, on a granite slab before getting into the pond. Police later found the bag which contained only her passport. Government Hospital dean Dr V Kanakasabai said Iryna was in shock for the first two days. \"With a help of a doctor trained in Russia we began speaking to her. No medication was used and she is fine now,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159483", "title": "SC sets up panel to look into proliferating home stays in Lakshadweep", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over the alleged environmental imbalance caused by over exploitation of tourism potential in the tiny islands of Lakshadweep, the Supreme Court has set up a six-member committee headed by a retired apex court judge to examine the desirability of allowing \"home stay\" huts there.\"The committee may examine the desirability and the feasibility of running 'home stays' for tourism purpose in the islands and may suggest the same to be incorporated in the Integrated Island Management Plans (IMPs),\" a bench of Justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Misra ordered on Friday.The committee will be headed by retired Supreme Court judge R V Raveendran and will comprise of experts. It will \"suggest necessary guidelines keeping in mind environmental, economic and security considerations for running of such home stays including norms/rules for such home stays and the number of home stays to be permitted, the number of permits to be granted, the norms for identification of houses for home stays, and the facilities to be offered etc\", the bench said.The order came on an appeal filed by Lakshadweep administration against a Kerala High Court order asking the UT government to permit Seashells Beach Resort to construct a resort in Agatti island. The administration said permission could not be given without clearances under Coastal Regulatory Zone notification and other mandatory environmental no-objection certificates.The administration said IIMPs were prepared for Agatti and Chetlat islands only on January and they were under preparation for other islands like Kavaratti, Andrott, Minicoy, Kalpeni, Kiltan, Kadmat, Amini and Bitra.The bench asked the committee to vet the IIMPs and recommend incorporation of regulations specifying permissible developmental activity in the islands keeping in mind its impact on livelihood of indigenous population and other vulnerability issues. It sought a preliminary report from the committee in two months.It also asked the committee to examine allegations about violation of CRZ norms and other irregularities committed by Seashells Beach Resort or by other individuals in establishing or running resorts or home stays.It said, \"Allegations regarding irregularities in the matter of grant of permits to tourists visiting the islands as also in regard to permissions granted to the resort owners/home stays to operate on the islands shall also be examined by the committee. So, the committee shall be free to examine whether any official of the Lakshadweep administration has been guilty of any act of omission or commission in the discharge of his official duties and if considered necessary recommend action against such officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158711", "title": "Fire mishaps in two places", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire at a plastic godown in Tondiarpet on Tuesday damaged the goods stored inside but two employees who were working there managed to escape unhurt, police said.An electrical short circuit is suspected to have triggered the fire which broke out at 11.30am. Three fire tenders from Korrukupet, Tondiarpet and Royapuram rushed to the spot and put out the blazee. An investigation is on.In another accident, on nearby Mint Street , a fire in a wholesale shop dealing with buttons and threads destroyed the goods stored there. It was said to be have been sparked by an electrical short circuit. None of the employees were inside when the fire broke out. Firemen battled for an hour to put out the fire.The actual loss is being estimated, fire services personnel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158341", "title": "Infighting in Municipal Corporation, Gurgaon leading to inaction", "text": "GURGAON: The more things change, the more they stay the same. This seems to be quite true about Gurgaon. Till a couple of years ago, when the process to elect representatives was getting deferred, the residents complained that the MCG elections should be held at the earliest so that their problems can be resolved. However, exactly after a year since the first municipal elections took place in the city, the residents say their hopes have been dashed.One of the major reasons for the inaction is the infighting among councillors and the executive wing. Also, despite reserving 33% seats for them, the women councillors, barring a few, have been very inactive. Some of them don't even bother to attend the mandatory House meetings. They are instead represented by their husbands who even sign the attendance register on their behalf. The mayor, who is supposed to lead the councillors, clearly lacks the required experience, and just recently came under attack by the opposition for siding with private builders and promoting their interests.\"The reason why my wife does not attend the meetings is because it is a sham. No concrete decisions are taken and people just come to socialize. My wife had to fight the election because the seat was reserved for women and as she does not have much experience, I am helping her out,\" said Anil Yadav. His wife Sunita Yadav is ward 33 councillor. Anil though admits that the practice of women not attending the House meetings should be stopped.The residents feel let down. \"The MCG elections have hardly made any difference to residents like me who live in private builder areas. Even though we have a councillor representing us, she says that she cannot resolve our civic problems since the builders are yet to hand over the colony to the MCG,\" said Ashok Gupta , a Sushant Lok resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13159629", "title": "People queue up for a seat for their pets", "text": "PANCHKULA: It's houseful at dog hostels in Chandigarh and Panchkula even before the summer vacations have begun. Advance bookings are being done for seats and there are long waiting lists. \"Residents going out of town are pouring in to drop their pets at the dog hostel. Our existing kennels are full. There is a long waiting list, which is expected to increase during the summer break,\" said officer-in-charge of the dog care centre in Sector 3, Panchkula, Dr M R Singla. He added, \"People are calling up for advance booking, especially for the first week of June but all our seats are full.\"At present, the centre being run by the Haryana government, which is the biggest and most modernized dog care centre in the Tricity, has 16 kennels and these are likely to be increased to 24 due to the increasing demand for seats during this season.\"This time we are providing the pet's preferred choice of food as per its diet chart given by owner. The cost of one day of stay for small breeds is Rs 100, for medium, Rs 150 and for large breeds, Rs 200,\" said Dr Rajinder Kumar, another officer at the centre.\"We have been receiving calls for advance booking but the dog hostel is already full. This time the seats are full even before the summer has peaked,\" said Shiv Kaushal, who runs a dog hostel in Sector 7,Chandigarh.Charging between Rs 200 to Rs 400 for 24-hour stay subject to the level of comfort and facilities provided to the pets irrespective of the breed, Kaushal has deployed special dog handlers for summers. \"I got 30 calls on Monday regarding advance booking for dogs' stay in the hostel but all seats are full. People are just waiting for the seats to get vacant,\" said Sonu, owner of a dogs' hostel in Sector 20, Chandigarh. Sonu is also a dog trainer who claims to provide the same kind of love and affection to pets, that they get at home. He charges Rs 150 to Rs 200 per day that includes all expenses. Beside, he also has the facility for housing pet birds.Services like shampoo, morning and evening walk, health check-up and pedicure are available at the dog care centre in Panchkula with extra charges. The centre provides services like 24- hour OPD, surgery, ultrasound and radiography.Sometimes it gets difficult on the first day when pets don't eat food or bathe as they miss their owners. Things get worse, when there are three to five pets from the same family. But these problems are there just for the first one to two days. Later, the dogs get used to the new surroundings. This kind of behaviour is seen mainly in case of toy pomerarians, pugs and cocker spaniels.\"It was recently that a Panchkula resident left his five pet dogs in our custody before going abroad. We are getting many inquires daily about the hostel facilities,\" said Kumar.\"I have visited the centre thrice but the officials said that it is already full. I have to leave for Dubai next week. Where do I leave my pet now?\" rued Radhika Khanna, a resident of Sector 10, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158892", "title": "Over 1 crore restoration proposal for Sinhagad", "text": "PUNE: With an estimated outlay of Rs 3.45 crore, the department of archaeology, Pune, has planned to undertake restoration of Sinhagad, Rajgad and Torna forts this financial year. The main focus would be on repairs and restoration of fort gates, including the Kalyan Darwaza in the south-east of Sinhagad fort, the Pali Darwaza at Rajgad fort and the Konkan Darwaza in Torna fort, among other structures.V N Kamble, assistant director, department of archaeology, said, \"Rs 1.29 crore have been earmarked for Sinhagad fort, where work would be undertaken on Kalyan Darwaza and three other gates which are the inlets to the fort from Pune side. Restoration here will involve reaffixing the stones that have fallen off these gates and cleaning the mold and fungi that have come to infect them over the years.\"He added that trees and shrubs growing out of the fortification wall at Sinhagad fort will be chopped off and a chemical called 'tree killer' will be swabbed around the area of the stem to prevent the trees from growing again. This chemical eradicates trees and shrubs that cause nuisance at temple premises, roof tops, and walls of buildings, wells, canal bunds and shutters.\"We have hitherto found 33 water tanks and 17 wells at the Sinhagad fort, which will have to be cleaned thoroughly. Water and mud accumulated in these tanks over the years will be hauled out in an attempt to dry these water bodies. This process will also involve searching for antiquities such as coins that may have fallen here in the past,\" said Kamble.He added that installing signboards in various areas of the Sinhagad fort is also being planned, but is not a part of the current proposal.The department has currently floated three tenders for restoration work at the Rajgad fort. The estimated cost for repairs of the Pali Darwaza is Rs 74 lakh, which will also include restoration of broken steps in front of the gate. \"Here too, an estimate of the stones fallen off the Pali Darwaza will be made, after which similar stones will be brought from Nanded, Newasa or Solapur, where such black stones are available. The new stones will then be implanted at various spots on the gate as per archaeological norms,\" he said.Water tanks at the Rajgad fort were last cleaned in 2000. This year, the archaeological department has reserved Rs 26 lakh for cleaning the rest of the tanks in the fort. Rs 16 lakh will be spent on the restoration work of Chilkhati Buruj (a double-layered fortification wall) here, located in Suvela Machee, a double-stepped fortified 'machee' with the steps separated by a bastioned doorway. \"The restoration work here should start in six month's time, as the tendering process is currently on and various permissions will have to be sought from the authorities in Mumbai,\" said Kamble.Repairs to Torna fort will cost around Rs 1 crore, and estimates for the same is awaiting sanction. \"Among other repairs, the Konkan Darwaza, which has fallen off, will be taken up this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158791", "title": "Kin of youth who jumped from the plane move court for bail", "text": "CHENNAI: Relatives of the youth who jumped from a plane as soon as it halted after landing at Chennai airport on Monday have moved the court for bail, police said. Kamal Basha Ahmed (28) of Trichy was remanded in judicial custody for five days.\"He was sweating and apologised when he was arrested. Investigations show he has a clean background,\" police said.As soon as the Dubai-Chennai Air India flight came to a halt near an aerobridge, Kamal Basha Ahmed walked to the front door, overpowered a crew member and opened the door. He escaped with minor bruises after he slid down the emergency chute, which inflated automatically as the door was opened manually, and fell to the ground. He was arrested by Central Industrial Security Force staff and handed over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157872", "title": "Housing societies are service providers, rules consumer forum", "text": "MUMBAI: Bring housing societies within the ambit of service providers, the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission said. It ordered an Andheri (W) society to hand over a 900sq ft flat to a woman who paid for it in 2001 but did not get possession.Vithaldham Cooperative Housing Society Ltd will also pay Vaibhavi Khot Rs 2 lakh compensation towards mental harassment and inconvenience and Rs 25,000 towards costs of the complaint.Holding the society guilty of deficiency in service, the commission said the housing society is a 'service provider' to the complainant. The commission quashed the 200 district forum order and said Khot was a lawful member of the society who had paid the entire construction cost and was deprived of her lawful right of occupying the flat. \"Not only this, but without occupying the flat, she is paying maintenance charges to the society. The action on part of the society is totally arbitrary and cannot be supported,\" the panel said.After her mother's death in 1996, Khot requested the society to make her a member in her place and the general body admitted it. Through a letter dated November 7, 2000, the society informed Khot to deposit Rs 7.58 lakh and take over the possession of the flat. Khot paid the amount and subsequently also paid Rs 41,164 towards maintenance. The society then directed her to pay an additional Rs 4 lakh as interest accumulated on account of non-payment of dues by her mother. The society also initiated proceedings against Khot before the District Deputy Registrar of Cooperative Societies.In 2004, Khot filed a complaint before the forum. The society contested the complaint and said that it was false, fabricated, vague, unspecific, and lacking in material. It said that as per the resolution passed by the general body, possession was to be given only on full payment of the construction cost and interest for overdue installments. It also stated that it was not a service provider according to the Consumer Protection Act. On December 31, 2007, the district forum rejected the complaint. Khot then filed a complaint in the state commission.The commission took into consideration two allotment letters both dated March 16, 2000, given to Khot by the society. The commission pointed out that in one letter, there is no mention of the interest to be paid, while in another letter, there is mention of interest to be paid. The commission said a subsequent letter sent in November 2000, which did not specify anything about the interest, rendered the earlier letters redundant. It said the society miserably failed to bring on record the alleged decision of the general body to charge interest. \"We find the case has a chequered history,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13159711", "title": "Qaida manual: Think of virgins when you hear drones", "text": "LONDON: An English language manual for Westerners seeking to join al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has been published, which asks potential jihadists to think of virgins in paradise when bomber-drones are overhead.Described as a \"mustread\" source, the guide has emerged on the internet shortly after it was leaked that AQAP had been penetrated by a British spy who managed to smuggle out the latest version of their \"underpants bomb\" .The manual recommends on how to cope with the hardships and dangers of life as a jihadist, and includes rules such as keeping clean and not using mobile phones, The Telegraph reports.\"In some cases, you will be staying with a few brothers in a tight room or house. In order to avoid unnecessary problems , encourage yourself and your brothers to clean the room(s) on a regular basis. As for yourself, a daily shower is ideal, but not possible in many cases\" , the first section tilted 'cleanliness' read.Another section headed \"aerial bombardment\" describes the \"bee-like sound\" of the unmanned aerial vehicles . \"If you feel terrified, Close your eyes and imagine yourself inside paradise. Think of your hoor [virgins] that are awaiting you as well as meeting prophets,\" it says.The guide was written by Samir Khan, an American who served as the top propagandist for the Yemen-based branch of the terrorist movement . He was killed by a drone attack in September, alongside AQAP's leader Anwar al-Awlaki .According to the paper, the manual says that one of the \"pillars of modern day jihad\" is secrecy. \"If I am British but of Indian descent, I tell the brothers I'm from so-and-so land (a place where you obviously not from),\" the manual says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "13159840", "title": "Ranjit\u2019s heart beats for fashion", "text": "CIVIL LINES: This 33-year-old businessman, who studied fashion merchandising and marketing management from London College of Fashion, could have easily continued with his family coal business. But Ranjit Aggarwal defied all norms and ventured into fashion merchandising and marketing. Today, he provides fabric to the fashion industry in Ludhiana and other parts of India.Revealing how it all started, Ranjit said, ''My elders including my grandfather Late Harilal Aggarwal started business with brick kilns. After that they ventured into coal business. My father Ravinder Nath Aggarwal and uncle Prem Aggarwal also continued with the same business, and added a garment factory to the family business.''However, I wanted to make my own mark says Ranjit. ''After completing my college studies from Arya College, I went to London in August 2000 for pursuing Fashion Merchandising and Marketing Management, which completed in December 2001.'' He adds, ''Since my college was located near Oxford Street and Bond Street, which are known for high fashion retails, I used to go in these areas and notice people wearing fashionable clothes. I slowly developed a taste for fashion and wished to provide the same fashionable fabrics to Indians in general and Ludhianvis in particular. This is how I decided to venture in fashion merchandising.'' Ranjit said, ''After returning from London, I learned the basics of fashion designing here in Ludhiana. Though, I was involved in fashion merchandising business for more than two years but I started my own store ''TEXFAB'' about a month ago at Ghumar Mandi area.''He adds, ''We conceptualize designs and acquire fabric on economic prices, and later provide to the fashion and garment industry locally and outside Ludhiana. The idea was to provide high fashion, economically priced and good quality fabric to the fashion industry.''Ranjit said, ''I wish to see our designed clothes on the top of Indian Fashion circuit and also flood the local market with high fashioned, good quality fashion fabric which is economically priced.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "krishna nagar", "code": "13159835", "title": "Prabh strikes a chord with Youtube", "text": "KRISHNA NAGAR: Thanks to Youtube, today Prabh Gill is a popular name who has impressed one and all with his velvety voice. On Youtube he has uploaded 12 songs and has received a smashing response from listeners. And calling the internet an excellent, economical and easy medium to promote anything one feels passionate about, he is now geared to release his solo album by the end of the year.Graduate in Music, Prabh said, ''It's been three years since I started singing professionally. In 2009, I uploaded my first song on Youtube and within few days, I received thousands of hits (people viewing) on the video.'' Prabh uses videos to make his songs more appealing to viewers.He adds, ''Two of my songs were released in a group album. My solo album would release by the end of this year.''Talking about the benifits of broadcasting oneself on Youtube, he said, ''Through Youtube a person gets a clear picture about public response. Plus it's an inexpensive medium to share one's talent.''Accepting that his target audience is youngsters, Prabh said, ''These days most youngsters love to surf the internet and watch Youtube. Thus, in order to popularize my songs I choose Youtube.''Talking about support, he adds, ''I have also recieved an excellent response on Facebook for my videos. Seeing this response, now I am confident of launching my solo album.''Revealing his daily practice schedule, he said, ''I practise singing for two hours every day in an attempt to improve my skills. My family too supports my interest and encourages me to become a successful Punjabi singer.'' Prabh's father, Balwinder Singh Gill is also associated with Punjabi entertainment industry in Canada.Prabh's songs, ''Ik Vari Haan Karde'', ''Notorious Jatt'', ''Hostel'', ''Mera Maan'' have gained huge popularity on Youtube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158526", "title": "Nepal plane crash: Iskcon priest planned to visit Pashupatinath", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirty-year-old Krishna Chaitanya Das, a priest at the Iskcon temple in Girgaum, was another youngster who perished in the plane crash on Monday near high-altitude Jomsom Airport in northern Nepal . Das was on his way to Muktinath temple for a pilgrimage with two other friends, who too were members of the order, when the plane they were travelling in crashed. Das is survived by his brother and father who are natives of Hyderabad. His last rites will be performed in his hometown.\"Das was a priest at the Iskcon temple, Mumbai, for the past six years and looked after the idols of the deities,\" said Iskcon spokesperson Parijata Devi. Das used to perform various tasks related to the deities and managed all the puja sessions. He was an active participant in the rath yatras (chariot processions) that are undertaken by the temple at Girgaum Chowpatty every year.A friend of the priest recalled how he designed costumes for the idols in the temple. \"In fact, that is how he became acquainted with the brothers Mukesh and Rakesh Handa. Mukesh, or Murli Mohan Das as we knew him, also designed robes for the deities,\" said Ameya Tandel. \"They had taken this pilgrimage to Nepalese shrines together and were planning to end the tour in Pashupatinath. It is sad to see how the journey ended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13158656", "title": "65-yr-old held for raping minor in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: A 65-year-old man was arrested by the Mapusa police for raping a minor girl on Tuesday.The Mapusa police said that the nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her 65-year-old neighbour. After the girl admitted this to her family on Tuesday, the family members lodged a complaint with the Mapusa police. The victim girl told the police that she was sexually abused by her neighbour since April this year.Based on the complaint, the police registered an offence and arrested the accused. Further investigation is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157151", "title": "Eight lynch constable's son after tiff", "text": "MUMBAI: In two separate incidents, the son of a constable of the Virar police station and a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader from Talasari were lynched to death by mobs.In Virar, a mob of eight, including a woman, lynched to death Jayesh Gavari (21) to avenge a tiff during a pre-nuptial ceremony on Sunday night. Jayesh was the son of a constable Budhaji Gavari attached to the Virar police station.Jayesh and his elder brother Mahesh (29), residing at Kirvali in Shahapur was attending the ceremony of a relative in Virar. The brothers got into tiff with a group while dancing. The brothers were allegedly accused of eve-teasing girls during the ceremony. The two groups clashed but the matter was settled by elders present at the ceremony.Later in the night the brothers left for their home on a motorbike. As they reached Mandvi in Virar, a mob of eight surrounded the two-wheeler and attacked the brothers with iron rods and bats. The brothers who sustained serious head injuries were rushed to a private hospital in Vasai where Jayesh died.Mahesh's condition is said to be serious.Those arrested by the Virar police have been identified as Sainath Chumle, Prakash Chumle, Pandari Chumle, Sangita Chumle, Naresh Bhangra and Pankaj Gaikwad. They have been booked for murder and are in police custody.In the other case, Tulji Dongre (45) a BJP leader at Talasari was returning from a wedding at Zarigaon when a group of men, allegedly belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist) intercepted him and assaulted him with iron rods and punches. Dongre died on the spot.The Talasari police have picked up the three suspects for questioning.The suspect includes a former chairperson of the Talasari Panchayat Samiti who belongs to the CPI (M). Political rivalry is believed to be the cause of the murder. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13158961", "title": "SCB to issue monthly water bills soon", "text": "Hyderabad: Residents of Secunderabad Cantonment will get water bills every month instead of once in six months. With this move, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) will now follow the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) model to improve its revenue.As per official records, there are around 20,000 water connections in the Cantonment area. Of them, 40% customers are paying bills promptly. A special software is being developed to collate data of customers. \"Once the data is collated, we will issue notices. In case, customers do not respond/clear arrears, then we will disconnect water connection without intimation. Our target is to collect arrears and improve revenue,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13159153", "title": "Case against policeman for marrying minor", "text": "MADURAI: A case was registered against a policeman and his family in Nagercoil for forcibly marrying a 14-year-old girl.Sources said that Manmadhan (23) in Tirunelveli district was a policeman attached to the Manimutharu battalion. His relative's daughter aged 14 was studying in class nine at a school in Mela Ilandhaikulam. Manmadhan and his family had been pestering the girl's father Velladorai to give her in marriage to him, but they were against his proposal.Three months ago, Manmadhan forcibly took the girl with him and married her in a temple. He had then taken her to his family home in Devarkulam.The girl's father lodged a complaint with the police but no action was taken, as Manmadhan was a policeman. He the filed a petition in the Tirunelveli court. The judge directed the police to conduct an inquiry and take appropriate action. tnnThe Devarkulam police, which conducted an inquiry, registered cases against Manmadhan, his father, mother Selvi, sister Abina, brother Madhu Bharath and brother-in-law Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158554", "title": "Citizens at risk as hawkers prevent access to railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: Does a local problem like the hawker menace need to have the state home minister's personal intervention to be solved? The easy resolution to the problem near the Dadar station and the lack of any solution at every other station area in the city seems to point to that.What happened at Goregaon on Saturday, say residents across the city, is replicated at the busiest station areas across the city. From Borivli in the north to Parel in the heart of the island city, hawkers choke the narrow roads that lead away from the stations.The Parel example is possibly the worst in the city. The station is less than half a kilometre from Mumbai's hospital hub. The zone has institutions like the Tata Memorial, TB, Wadia and KEM hospitals, where patients from all over the country pour in. But residents say not even a wheelchair, leave alone ambulances, can move from the station to the hospitals in the zone.\"It is cumbersome to walk near the station area in Parel. A patient on a wheelchair finds it difficult to enter this side due to the dense presence of illegal hawkers. There is no concept of footpaths and neither a fire engine nor an ambulance can enter. Considering that there are four hospitals in the vicinity, it is a serious issue,\" said Avinash Dhole, a Parel resident.From Lucky Junction to Bandra station, the footpaths have been completely taken over by furniture sellers, said Anil Joseph, chairperson, Perry Road Residents' Association. \"People cannot walk on these footpaths. The furniture sellers have actually turned their stalls into illegal showrooms.\"Near Bandra station, it seems as if cobblers, juice makers and kebab sellers own the vicinity. \"The approach roads to the station and the area in front of it are inundated with hawkers. This has been the situation for the past decade, except for a brief period when DCP KMM Prasanna was in charge and genuinely took action,\" Joseph said.Not that there is no hope. At Dadar, the authorities were able to effectively deal with the problem. The case is an example of how things work if there is political will. An assault on a senior journalist in April and home minister RR Patil's subsequent intervention made the police and the BMC take on eviction of illegal hawkers around Dadar station on a war footing.\"We chalked out a programme on how to deploy vehicles. We prepared a duty chart for civic officials. Then we identified the main problem area,\" said assistant municipal commissioner (G-North) D Jain. \"We learnt about godowns where goods were stored illegally and confiscated the ware. We removed 10 trucks of material. The unauthorized godowns were demolished. We got rid of the source.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159233", "title": "Railway station to see new facilities for disabled", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two weeks ago, M Narayanan, a resident of Sreepathy Nagar in the city, was returning from a trip to Kumbakonam when the train he was travelling in chugged into Platform no 6. Narayanan, who is physically challenged, knew he was in trouble as the platforms 5 and 6 did not have handrails on the staircase leading to the subway. \"It is quite dangerous out there. Even though I had my son and wife for support, they had to literally carry me all the way down. Though a wheelchair was available, the staircase is too steep for it to be used,\" he told TOI.As Narayanan is the vice-president of the Sreepathy Nagar Residents' Welfare Association, he met top railway officials and made a complaint. Now just days later, change is underway.Prompted by a visit by 50 physically challenged persons to the railway station, its manager D Chandrasekaran on Tuesday promised to open a separate counter for physically-challenged people. \"Actually the separate counter is supposed to be open for a long time. But the person manning it was not present. Now on the insistence of the NGO, we are opening the separate counter for physically challenged people at the Coimbatore Railway Station,\" said Chandrasekaran.\"The lack of facilities so far at the station was troublesome for physically challenged persons. But after today with the cooperation extended by the station manager, the station will have many new facilities for them,\" said Raj Kumarr Velu, founder and president, Change India.Among the new facilities are a bathroom and toilet for the exclusive use of the physically challenged. \"The station manager took us around the station. We made various demands. He has agreed to give a special toilet and bathroom for the use of the disabled,\" said Velu.Apart from this, a parking slot will also be created for the physically challenged. \"This is also a step not taken so far by the railway authorities. We are in the process of creating flex boards and signage for the parking lot, toilet and exclusive counter,\" said Velu.Both the lifts in the station were also earmarked for carrying cargo. But now one of the lifts will be given for the use of physically challenged people. \"The lift is not in a working condition. I am planning to petition Salem divisional manager Sujatha over this issue,\" said Velu, who is also planning to apprise the officer of the happenings at the station.The SLR-D coach was used for the disabled exclusively, but other people used to sit in it. Now people can approach the station manager if the security guard is not responsive towards their complaints. \"The placement of the coach will be announced via the public address system,\" said Velu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159399", "title": "Display details on towers: Bhopal Municipal Corporation to mobile companies", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has made it mandatory for the mobile phone companies to display the name of the company and details of the towers installed in various parts of the city. The decision has been taken on Tuesday after a meeting on the illegal mobile towers being put up in the city.The civic body has directed the cellphone companies that the towers should clearly display the names of the operating company and specifications of the tower.Apart from this, the details and identity of the building owner on whose building the tower is erected also have to be displayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13160078", "title": "Leisure Valley fails to provide pleasure", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: In a city literally grappling for space and green cover, the Leisure Valley situated in one of the most posh localities of Ludhiana, is a picture of sheer neglect. Green grass is hard to spot and plants have either succumbed to heat or are in the process of dying. The boundary wall is broken and heaps of litter lie everywhere.Irked over the its pathetic condition and lack of proper cleaning in the garden, residents in localities near Sarabha Nagar say the park has been long screaming for attention of municipal authorities. Highlighting another serious violation, the residents complain that every evening heaps of dry leaves and grass are burnt, which causes air pollution. And all this, when the valley is right next to the MC's D Zone office, where all the senior officers are posted.A senior citizen O P Sharma, who resides in BRS Nagar, said, ''The valley is in a pathetic state. I come here for evening walk everyday, but when I see litter lying around in the valley, it disturbs me. At some places the grass needs immediate cutting, while at some there is no grass at all.'' He adds, ''MC needs to wake up from slumber and do something to maintain the park. If MC can't maintain it, then it should consider giving locals the change.''Homemaker and resident of Model Town, Mona Arora said, ''Leisure Valley is situated in Sarabha Nagar which is a posh location and any park in such a locality should be maintained well.'' She adds, ''Further, there are very few seats in the park and sitting on grass is not an option as the gardeners leave the water pipes running almost all the time.''However, when contacted executive engineer of horticulture branch Surinder Kumar said, ''There is no such problem in Leisure Valley as we keep a regular check on its maintenance and upkeep. Even then I would check and rectify if there is a problem.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159712", "title": "Chains worth Rs 63K snatched in 2 cases", "text": "NASHIK: Two chain-snatching incidents were reported on Monday. Janabai Nehre, a Cidco resident, was walking home from Untawadi when two men on a bike hit her and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 48,000.In another case, a gold chain worth Rs 15,000 was snatched by the pillion rider on a bike on Monday. Lata Devre, a 45-year-old resident of the area near the international swimming pool, was walking by the Datta Mandir when the duo travelling on a bike snatched her gold chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159055", "title": "Stay away from illegal parking lots: Kolkata Municipal Corporation", "text": "KOLKATA: The civic body and the Kolkata Police are set to launch a drive against illegal car parking which seems to be rampant these days.To begin with, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) authorities will initiate a campaign asking car owners to refrain from parking their vehicles in unauthorized spaces. \"After a week, we will begin a drive and any cars found in illegal parking zones will be seized. We will levy a heavy penalty for parking cars in unauthorized zones,\" MMiC (conservancy) Debabrata Majumder said on Tuesday. This time, the KMC conservancy brigade will join hands with the KMC car parking department and launch a nightlong drive in different parts of the city.\"We have held a meeting with the Kolkata Police top brass in this regard,\" said Rajib Deb, KMC's MMiC (parking). Majumder said a special task force in the KMC conservancy department will be handed the charge to undertake the special drive along with Kolkata Police. \"It's our responsibility to make car owners aware of fake parking lots in the major areas. After that, we will have to act against those who do not heed our advice,\" Majumder said.So, next time you park your car be alert that it is not a fake parking lot. A KMC car parking department list reveals the presence of fake parking lots on several thoroughfares. CIT Road (Kankurgachi), Bagbazar Street (entire), Rabindra Sarani (Rabindra Bharati to Vivekananda Road), Amherst Street, Muktarambabu Street in the north, Indian Mirror Street, Elliot Road, Short Street (from Loudon Street to Rawdon Street) in the central and Park Circus seven-point crossing, Baker Road (Alipore), Turf Road, Sarat Bose Road (Elgin Road to Padmapukur), Purna Das Road (Gol Park to Jatin Bagchi Road), Ballygunge Station Road, Monoharpukur Road (part), Motilal Nehru Road (behind Priya Cinema), Raja Basanta Roy Road, Jatin Bagchi Road (Southern Avenue to Gol Park) and Ballygunge Circular Road (near David Hare Training College) in the south are some prominent roads that have been declared as unauthorized parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158555", "title": "One gets five years jail for murder bid at Calangute", "text": "PANAJI: Assistant sessions judge at Panaji sentenced Babu Nayak from Assam to five years of simple imprisonment on charges of attempt to murder by stabbing a victim with a knife in 2010 at Anjuna. The court also directed him to to pay a fine of 5,000. If he fails to pay the fine amount, he has to undergo a further imprisonment for a period of three months.On November 3, 2010, Nayak, a security guard at a restaurant, attacked Bruno Coutinho on his head, hand and chest at Monteirowado, Anjuna. According to the prosecution, the incident occurred after the victim questioned the accused as to why he was \"troubling\" his daughter. Police had arrested the accused from a nearby field after the incident. The accused's lawyer argued that the prosecution's case is unbelievable as the seizure of the knife was in two parts as the blade was separate from the handle. No witnesses have stated that the knife was in two parts at the time of the incident, the lawyer added.Assistant sessions judge Sherin Paul observed, \"The evidence of the victim and the eye witnesses clearly establishes the fact that the assault on the victim was with a knife and they have identified the knife in the court. There can be no dispute to the fact that a knife is a dangerous weapon and the knife which has been seized could have caused the death of a person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13158450", "title": "Noida farmhouse scheme under UP government scanner", "text": "NOIDA: Following allegations of a major farmhouse scam in Noida, the Uttar Pradesh chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav , has ordered an investigation into the scheme launched by the Noida Authority in 2009. In a letter addressed to the Noida Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur, the government has directed him to submit a report within a week. The report will deal mainly on three important points - land acquisition, allotment rate and the procedure of allotment of the farms. The scheme allegedly led to a loss of nearly Rs 300 crore to the state exchequer.The Authority said its reply has to be filed with the Industrial Development Commissioner in Lucknow. Officials said that the probe would look into the allegation of land being acquired from farmers for industrial use, but sold as farmhouses instead. The scheme, which ended with the allotments of 101 farmhouses of 10,000 sqm each, was kept open for nearly 15 months. According to officials, 79 farms were allotted after an \"interview\" to allottees during the period 2009-10 while another 22 were allotted during 2010-11.In what could be major trouble brewing for the former UP chief minister, Mayawati, Authority officials said that the probe would reveal detailed information on whether the land for the scheme was acquired legally and as per the set norms. \"The investigation will also find details of whether the rate of allotment was legitimate at Rs 3,100 per square metre,\" an Authority official said. \"The third aspect that will be examined is the procedure of allotment,\" he added.In October last year, a former UP minister, Nawab Singh Nagar, had demanded that the Noida \"farmhouse scheme be cancelled\" in the wake of the Local Fund Audit Department of Uttar Pradesh at Allahabad bringing out irregularities amounting to about Rs 291 crore in the scheme. Nagar, a member of the BJP state executive and a former Dadri MLA, had also filed a PIL in Allahabad HC in July 2011. Nagar had alleged a loss of Rs 1,200 cr to the state exchequer in his petition.\"Noida Authority acquired land of farmers in Dostpur and Manglori Bangar villages in the name of industrial development in the area, but the land was later transferred to individuals to build farmhouses at cheap rates,\" alleged Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13158944", "title": "Finally, govt wakes up to AP workers' plight in Angola", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the wake of reports of 1,200 Indian workers, including 300 from the state, being denied pay by an international company in Angola and living in inhospitable conditions, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday directed chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi to take up the workers' issue with the Union ministry of external affairs. The construction workers were reportedly fired upon for demanding wages on May 9. The chief minister said all steps would be taken to protect Indians.Meanwhile, Indian workers are living in a state of fear after Angolan police started rounding them up for protesting against their employer when the latter did not pay their salaries.According to the stranded Indian workers of a cement plant near Sumbe town, their expenses for February and March were not paid by contractor ETA Star International LLC though the company was remitting basic pay in their bank accounts. The workers were recruited in India for construction of a cement factory. The workers took to the streets of Sumbe town on May 9 and after the protests turned violent, the local police, who took charge of the situation, reportedly opened fire, forcing protesters to scurry into nearby forests. The cops then began identifying protesters through video grabs and started picking them up.Some workers from the state spoke to TOI requesting anonymity as they feared reprisal, either by their employer or police.A worker from Srikakulam district said that their living conditions in the camp have become inhospitable after the firing incident. \"We are slowly being starved as ETA Star officials are feeding us inadequately. We have not been working for a month, but cannot even leave the country as our passports are with our employer. The company officials have asked us to cough up US$ 1,200 to secure our release, but we do not even have money to make phone calls,\" he said.\"Our families are unaware of the gravity of the situation. We told them that strikes were taking place but did not reveal that police fired or is picking up people. There is heavy police presence outside our camp and the arrests are continuing,\" another worker, who hails from Vizag, told TOI.The workers claimed 15 people from the state have been arrested until now, but were unaware as to where the detainees were taken. Three people from the camp were picked up on Sunday, they added.It is learnt that the Indian embassy in Luanda is trying to sort out the issue. Indian workers said they have not received communication from the Indian government. On the contrary, they complained that they were offered a take it-or-leave it payment of their salaries in kwanza ( Angolan currency), while their contract stipulates payment in US dollars. The workers rued that the local currency would be of little use and cannot be exchanged even in banks in Angola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159315", "title": "Sreedharan inspects Kochi Metro work progress", "text": "KOCHI: As part of evaluating the ongoing preliminary works associated with the Kochi Metro project, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) principal advisor E Sreedharan inspected the construction sites on Tuesday.He reviewed the reconstruction works of North railway overbridge and Salim Rajan overbridge.Later, he held a review meeting with DRMC project director P Sriram, engineers and other officials.According to DMRC, Sreedharan had sought speedy completion of North ROB work so as to complete the reconstruction of side bays by September.It is expected that the construction of Salim Rajan railway overbridge will be completed in January 2013.\"For the cause of speeding up work, DMRC will not compromise on quality. The works related to the main project will be taken up after getting cabinet approval,\" the spokesperson said.While pulling down the side bays of North ROB in December, 2011, DMRC had maintained that both the bays would be reconstructed in nine months.The delay in getting sanction to remove the portions over the railway track and finding and relocating utilities took considerable time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13159020", "title": "Delay in procuring MBBS forms leads to ruckus", "text": "TRICHY: The delay in the issuance of application forms for the MBBS course at the KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College here on Tuesday created a ruckus with the applicants alleging that it was done deliberately as the authorities waited for the auspicious time to begin. However, dean of the college A Karthikeyan denied the allegations and claimed that most of the applicants had come with Rs 500 cash, instead of the mandatory demand draft.There were complaints that the distribution of applications was delayed well beyond 10.30am as the authorities were waiting for the start of the auspicious time at 10.25am.To add to the applicants' woes, there was only one counter to issue the applications due to which the crowd was keen on buying them on Tuesday itself. Karthikeyan said that there was a big scramble on Tuesday and all the 700 applications forms received from the directorate of medical education in Chennai were sold out.The college was issuing applications to candidates from Trichy, Karur, Ariyalur and Perambalur districts.\"The applications would be issued till the end of this month and another 800 application forms would arrive from the directorate on Wednesday morning. Two counters would be open from 10am to 5pm,\" Karthikeyan said. Last year, the directorate of medical education had received more than 21,000 applications for a total of 2,200 MBBS seats in medical colleges that came under the single-window counselling.Meanwhile, the college hostel mess that had been temporarily closed on May 7 was reopened on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158313", "title": "Issues and interest started fading with the passage of time", "text": "GURGAON: From waiving the much-proposed property tax to providing proper sanitation, streetlighting, garbage collection and even meeting power demand were some of the promises made by the present councillors when they were election candidates wooing their voters last June.However, after the House of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon took shape with the mayor's election, and voters' were expecting their hopes to be fulfilled, all the promises started getting diluted. Over the months, the monthly meetings ceased to be held monthly and got lost in trivial issues.Issues such as putting up of signboards displaying the names of councillors in their wards entered the agendas of MCG meetings. The apparent aim was to show MCG officials in bad light. Councillors started working against MCG office bearers, thereby eliciting non-cooperation from them.During the election campaign, the councillors representing the HUDA sectors and private colonies had promised to resolve issues like garbage collection, sanitation and water supply, which were essentially beyond their scope of work. The MCG officials refused to make expenditures in these areas unless these were under the MCG's jurisdiction. The debate on the matter remains pending so far.This leaves the councillors with only villages and some colonies in the old city which was earlier a part of the Municipal Council.The councillors in wards under HUDA sectors and privately developed colonies have made more trips to these offices rather than being able to settle and contribute to development works in their wards.The councillors have failed to deliver important elements of infrastructure such as multilevel parking spaces and flyovers to ease congestion at busy intersections in the old city to date.Issues like ensuring women's safety, beautification of MCG areas and bus shelters which would make a great difference to the residents as well as office-goers are not even discussed in the house meetings. Facilities as basic as maintenance of parks, provision of public conveniences and construction of rainwater harvesting structures and community centres became forgotten subjects at House meetings.Even when works such as laying of stormwater drains are taken up in some parts of the city, commuters are subjected to untold inconvenience as dug-up stretches of roads are left as they are. The stormwater drains are already filled with garbage and there is no effort made to clean them before the onset of the monsoon.The anti-encroachment drive in Sadar Bazaar which was \"initiated\" by the MCG inspired by HUDA's successful anti-encroachment drive in different parts of the city, was not carried to its logical conclusion.The only worthwhile job done so far by the councillors has been the construction of concrete roads but these roads are restricted to villages in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13158979", "title": "CBI seeks police help to thwart Jagan's rally plans", "text": "HYDERABAD: With YSR Congress members hinting that their president Jaganmohan Reddy would head a massive convoy from his residence to the CBI court on May 28, the investigations agency is sounding the city police to ensure that adequate security arrangements are in place on that day.\"The CBI case is a political witch hunt. In order to expose this, Jagan will go to the court with hundreds of supporters and party workers so that the people of the country can see for themselves as to how our leader is being victimized,\" a YSR Congress leader told TOI on Tuesday. However, he refused to divulge the number of people being mobilized to rally behind Jagan, except hinting that it would be a huge number.As per the plans that are being put in place, Jagan will leave his Lotus Pond residence on the morning of May 28 for the court of principal special judge A Pullaiah in Nampally to appear in the assets case in which he is accused number one. \"It is a distance of about 10 kms. We are still to decide whether he would proceed on foot or in a vehicular convoy,\" YSR Congress sources said. and hinted that the huge presence of the electronic media might force them to opt for the former.Meanwhile, police sources said there is a likelihood of prohibitory order being imposed in the area on May 28 in order to ensure that YSR Congress supporters do not assemble in strength and trigger a law and order problem. \"If Section 144 is imposed, it will thwart Jagan's plans of converting his visit to the court into a huge political campaign,\" said a police official.However, with Jagan's court appearance almost two weeks away, a detailed plan of action to tackle the situation is still to be finalized, said the sources. Among the other steps that the cops would have to take is the law and order fallout of a possible arrest of Jagan, once he makes his first appearance in the assets case on May 28. Although there is no indication that such a development will take place on that day, we should be ready for the same,\" said the official.Meanwhile, Jagan campaigned in Allagadda assembly constituency in Kurnool district on Tuesday. The YSR Congress chief has already said he would appear before the CBI court on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13156764", "title": "BMW crash accused Suraj surrenders, out on bail", "text": "GURGAON: Well over a week after the accident that killed two people on May 5, the main accused in the BMW hit-and-run case,18-year-old Suraj Sherawat, surrendered before a city court on Tuesday. Within hours, though, the court granted bail to the Delhi University student on a bond of Rs 50,000.A first year BCom (Hons) student at Atma Ram Sanatan Dharma College and the son of Gurgaon-based businessman Devender Sherawat, Suraj surrendered before chief judicial magistrate Jasbir Singh. Sources in the police had earlier said that the data collected so far pointed to Suraj as the one at the wheel when the accident occurred.Suraj's lawyer, Vishal Gupta, said his client was booked for culpable homicide, rash and negligent driving, which are bailable offences. \"He is innocent, but he surrendered before the court since police issued warrants against him and notices were sent to his home.\"Suraj was granted bail despite police pleas for his custody.While seeking bail, Suraj told the judge that police were harassing him and that he was \"mentally disturbed and traumatized\".Meanwhile, the public prosecutor requested the court in writing to allow the investigators to get a blood sample of the accused so that they can match it with the blood samples lifted from the accident spot.The blood stains from the spot and fingerprints have already been sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Madhuban. Police also sought permission for test identification parade (TIP) and for recovery of the driving licence from the accused. The court will take up this case on Wednesday.\"We are waiting for tomorrow's (Wednesday) court order since the court has not yet given any direction to the accused to join investigation,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF) and head of the special investigation team looking into the case.Earlier in the day, wearing a blue and white striped shirt, faded blue jeans and red-coloured bathroom slippers, Suraj reached the court premises accompanied by bouncers. He was unshaven and looked tired. The bouncers looked fresh.Soon after the hearing when Suraj came out of the court room, the bouncers pushed people away and took Suraj to a white RITZ car.Suraj's father, Devender Sherawat, owns the BMW that was allegedly speeding at over 150kmph when it rammed into a Tata Indigo car near IFFCO Chowk.The accident claimed the lives of the pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye, and Indigo driver Sanjay Gulati. Kshama's husband and parents, who were travelling with her, were seriously injured.On Saturday, a man named Rajesh who works for the Sherawats had surrendered and moved an anticipatory bail application before a city court claiming that he was driving the car. This happened after Sherawat had informed police that Rajesh was at the wheel at the time of the accident.But the court dismissed Rajesh's application as \"non-maintainable\" as police claimed that he was not the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157263", "title": "\u201812 minutes per hour\u2019 ad rule angers broadcasters", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom regulator's decision to limit advertisements to 12 minutes per clock hour besides introducing restrictions on the number of breaks and ban on part-screen or drop down advertisements during sports events has met with strong criticism from the broadcast industry.The new guidelines introduced as part of the \"standards of quality of service regulations'' is likely to hit broadcasters' revenue model and comes at a time when the industry is already under severe financial strain.Most news channels are running ino losses or operating on wafer-thin margins as they have to make huge investments in preparing news programmes and then bearing the entire cost of uplinking the content to the satellite from where it is downloaded by the multi-service operators.However, this has been ignored by Trai who has asked TV channels not to show advertisements for more than 12 minutes in an hour and directed that any shortfall of advertisement duration in any clock hour cannot be carried over.The regulator has ignored concerns raised by broadcasters that a universal measurement based on clock hour basis would not be logical as viewership patterns differed throughout the day.Trai has also specified in its statement that the minimum time gap between any two consecutive advertisement breaks should not be less than 15 minutes while in case of movies, this time gap should be a minimum of 30 minutes.A senior executive with a TV channel said broadcasters were struggling to recover even 20% of the cost of the movie in the first year of telecast with no restrictions. With a limit on the number of breaks, TV channels would be unable to recover the cost of acquiring the film that would adversely affect the TV and film industry.For sports events, advertisements can only be shown during a break in the sporting action with a ban on part-screen and drop-down advertisements. This has been seen as an excessively disproportionate measure according to broadcasters.Trai has even a prohibitory regulation on the audio level of advertisements mandating that the audio level of the ads cannot be higher than that of the programme.Industry sources said these restrictive conditions could cripple the channels and even impact the news coverage with news channels deprived of crucial revenue.The notification comes close on the heels of the earlier Trai notification in favour of multi-service operators (MSOs) granting them the liberty of charging a carriage fee from news broadcasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13158578", "title": "Policeman injured while fleeing raging fighter bull", "text": "MARGAO: Police constable Vishwanath Kansar, attached to Margao police station, fractured his leg after he fell while fleeing from a raging fighter bull that was engaged in a bullfight at Navelim on Sunday.Police sources said Kansar was a part of the police team that rushed to the spot on learning that a bullfight was in progress. As the cops swooped down on the spectators who had gathered to witness the banned animal sport, one of the bulls ran wild. The cop too, in an attempt to save himself, tried to run but fell, thus injuring himself. He is being treated at Goa medical and college and hospital, Bambolim.Police have arrested Navelim resident Robert Pereira, 48, and Dramapur resident Denzil D'Costa, 28, on charges of organizing the bullfight, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158002", "title": "Road rage on Bus Rapid Transit: Man hits judge, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of road rage, a magistrate was attacked by an SUV driver after the former stopped his car on one side of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor, allegedly obstructing the vehicle's way.The incident took place near the Defence Colony petrol pump around 6.45pm on Monday evening. The victim, Sanjay Sharma, additional chief metropolitan magistrate at Saket court, was returning home at the time of the incident. Sharma told TOI, \"I was travelling in my Alto with my orderly who lives in Sewa Nagar. I take the BRT to go to my house in Karkardooma area and drop my orderly on the way. On Monday evening, I left court around 6pm and had stopped near the petrol pump when the driver attacked me.\"As Sharma pulled over to a side, a Scorpio driver behind him began to honk incessantly. \"I had switched on the parking light minutes before I stopped but the man behind the wheel lost his patience as my orderly got out of the car. Then the driver began to hurl abuses at me,\" Sharma said.When the magistrate objected to his behaviour, Khanna punched him. Sharma asked his orderly to note down the number of the Scorpio but the man fled the spot. Sharma immediately informed cops.On the basis of the licence plate number which the victim had provided, the car was traced to Amit Khanna, a resident of Sundar Nagar area. \"We have arrested the accused and registered a case under Section 323 (causing hurt) and 341 (wrongful restraint) of IPC against him,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157979", "title": "Nagpur organization basking in Anna's glory faces citizens' ire", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of 50 citizens from the city are planning to protest outside Anna Hazare's public meeting venue on Wednesday. They claim many organizations have cropped up since last year that use Anna's name for political gains.Chandrakant Reddy, one of the people who will lead the protest, said, \"We all respect Anna and will follow his command. But people like us are getting confused due to fake organizations which claim to be promoted by Anna. One such organization Mee Anna Prerna Manch (MAPM) is going around the city collecting membership fee and had even fielded candidates during the recently concluded Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections. Anna and his team should take strict action against these organizations and that is why we are planning to protest tomorrow.\"MAPM has also put up banners in Mahal area claiming to have \"organized\" the Anna Hazare rally scheduled for Wednesday. When Anna Hazare's protests started last year many individuals and organizations came forward to support him. Then there were some organizations which sprung up overnight having 'Anna' as part of their name and one such organization was MAPM. It also fielded candidates for the NMC elections, unsuccessfully, in the hope of cashing in on the Anna wave.Chamcham Gajhbhiye, a member of MAPM and one their electoral candidates, said, \"We take our inspiration from Anna Hazare as we believe the country should be corruption-free. Anna has not officially endorsed our organization but we have been working for his movement since last year.\"When questioned how MAPM mentioned in their recent banners that Anna's rally has been organized by them, Gajhbhiye gave evasive answers. \"We are wholeheartedly working for the rally and are considering it to be a people's movement,\" said Gajhbhiye. MAPM says they never collect money from people through misinformation.Dr Gopal Bele, who heads Anna's NGO Bhrastachar Virodhi Janandonlan Nyas (BVJN) in Nagpur, said, \"This is chronic problem that we have been witnessing since last year. People have started organizations in Anna's name without seeking his permission. MAPM too is one such organization against which we will be taking action as they are using Anna's photos and names.\"He added that Anna is aware of the problem and has asked his NGO to register police complaints against any person or organization using his name. Dr Bele further added, \"Apart from BVJN Anna does not endorse any NGO or party. Hence people should be very careful when someone seeks their vote, money or any other services. We urge everyone to immediately inform our office if they come across anything of this sort.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158682", "title": "Now, economic offences wing will investigate town planning violations", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing of the police will now investigate violations under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act, including illegal construction. A special cell has been formed in the EOW to probe these offences.Sources said one of the reasons for shifting these offences to the EOW from the local police stations was to reduce incidents of settlement and extortion.The decision has, however, not been appreciated by citizens and elected representatives. Congress MLA from Malad, Aslam Sheikh, who had complained to the BMC about illegal debris dumping, was informed by the local civic ward office as well as the police station that the EOW would have to be approached to file an FIR.Sheikh has written to the Mumbai police commissioner, telling him that the new directive will only dissuade citizens from filing a complaint against illegalities. He wants the circular to be revoked.Sheikh had filed a complaint with the local ward office about debris dumping along Lagoon Road, Marve Road, Ambujwadi and near Aksa beach. The local ward officer had then approached the police station to lodge a complaint. \"Very few people lodge a complaint at the local police station. How many will spend an entire day to lodge a complaint with the EOW, which is located at the commissioner's office? Besides, one has to follow up on a complaint,'' he said.M S Vibhute, assistant municipal commissioner, P-North Ward, said the local police informed them that they had stopped taking these cases for the past month after the circular was issued. \"Of course, we have collected penalty from the dumper owner for illegal debris dumping but have not filed a complaint with the police,'' he said.In normal circumstances, the BMC would seize the vehicle, charge a penalty and file a complaint with the local police under the MRTP ActHimanshu Roy, joint commissioner, law and order, said, \"A special cell with officers trained to investigate cases under the MRTP has been set up in the EOW. This is because these cases require special investigative skills.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13159090", "title": "Inspector, two touts held in land scam", "text": "MADURAI: A revenue inspector and two touts were arrested by the police for issuing fake pattas to as many as 140 villagers in Madurai.The revenue inspector, K Kribakaran (49) of Melakkal had received Rs 20,000 from about 140 gullible villagers and self-help group members from Anaiyur area when he was serving in Thirumangalam in 2009 after promising to get them 2.5 cents of land each under the state government's free land scheme. The money was collected through his conduits R Ponnalagu (62) of Melagopura Vasal and K Ravi (49) of Fathima Nagar.Later, Kribakaran produced fake pattas and gave it to the public. He also identified a poramboke land at Anaiyur and got them to believe that he was owning the land. A bhoomi pooja was also performed by the villagers in 2010. However, days later, the residents in the proximity of the land opposed the villagers tor raise any constructions stating that it was poramboke land.Shocked by this, the villagers approached the district collectorate where they were told that the pattas were fake and the land was indeed poramboke. Subsequently, they lodged a complaint with the police.Inquiries revealed that Kribakaran had cheated the gullible villagers following which he was arrested along with his two conduits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13157470", "title": "CBI files FIR against Yeddyurappa, kin", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday filed an FIR against former Karnataka CM BS Yeddyurappa , his two sons and a son-in-law in connection with the payments made by a mine operator to firms run by the BJP strongman's kin. The FIR was filed in the office of the special CBI (XXI city and sessions) court judge Venkata Sudarshan.Mine operator Praveen Chandra had allegedly paid Rs 2.5 crore and Rs 3.5 crore to firms run by BSY's son-in-law, R Sohan Kumar, and sons Raghavendra and Vijayendra, respectively, in return for obtaining lease.The FIR follows a directive from the Supreme Court to the CBI to probe the allegation and will mark the commencement of the central agency's investigation into the issue.Praveen Chandra, too, has been named in the FIR filed under the Mines and Minerals(Development and. Regulation) Act, 2010, besides Sections 210, 409, 419 and 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and various clauses of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The SC has ordered the CBI to look into the payments made to a trust run by BSY's sons by South West Mining Company in return of favours. The CBI is expected to file an FIR in this regard on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159378", "title": "Vegetables baked by bad weather, fuel cost", "text": "KOCHI: Vegetable price values are running neck-and-neck with inflation. Over the past month, prices of essential vegetables have soared by over 25% in the Kerala market. Since a huge component of the vegetables traded in Kerala come from outside the state, transport costs have added to inflationary trends, traders said.While prices of almost every vegetable traded in the market are volatile at least 2-3 times a year, the month of April was particularly cruel as headline inflation rose to 7.23%, leading to onions, fruits and essential Kerala menu-centric vegetables like beetroot, banana (nendran), cabbage, carrot, green chilli and drumsticks becoming dearer. And, maintaining their high price levels.\"Inflation of food prices in general is primarily being caused by higher transport costs and labour arbitrage. In the case of vegetables, lower than expected rainfall in Tamil Nadu - which supplies us vegetables like carrot, cabbage and beetroot - has caused price inflation. Water shortage is rife this summer and a number of power cuts in Tamil Nadu, on a daily basis, has led to prices of vegetables shooting up,\" said vegetable trader K B Jamal.Cabbage was selling at Rs 40 per kg on Tuesday in Ernakulam from Rs 31 per kg in the first week of April. \"Cabbage, which comes from Mettupalayam, has been affected by water shortage there,\" Jamal said. Carrot was selling 50% higher at Rs 36 per kg from Rs 24 per kg in April and potato - up 38% - at Rs 25 per kg from Rs 18 last month. Prices of small onions had shot up 100% to Rs 24 as of Tuesday. Nendran brought from Tamil Nadu showed a steep 44% price increase at Rs 46 per kg from Rs 32 in April.In the Koothattukulam market, nendran auction prices touched a record Rs 50.50 per kg on Monday. Traders felt this could rise to as high as Rs 60 per kg once the nendran stock reaches the market. Complicating matters further is the widespread destruction of nendran plantations in Kerala by heavy winds and summer rainfall.Traders noted that the current phase is likely to last 2-3 weeks till rainfall patterns turn positive. \"Tamil Nadu is the primary vegetable supplier to Kerala and lack of water in Tamil Nadu has sent prices shooting up. We have noticed that the stock arriving from other states has fallen considerably. This is likely to continue till the rains pick up in the growing areas,\" said Fasal Rahman, a trader in the Ernakulam market.After the government decided to link diesel prices to market rates, a price increase is rumoured this month. This, combined with the higher labour costs and scanty rainfall, worries the trading community more than the demand-supply paradigm.\"If diesel prices increase, there will be a permanent negative impact on vegetable prices. I believe that only a small basket of vegetables have been affected by price rise so far, especially vegetables imported from other states like Tamil Nadu and Punjab. Potatoes imported from Punjab are costlier and a diesel price increase will have a terrible impact on its future price,\" said president of Maradu Market Traders Association K G Antony.Antony, however, insisted that the price increase is presently confined to only a small basket of goods. \"But the dwindling labour in the agricultural sector in Tamil Nadu and other major vegetable-growing states is cause for concern, as they are migrating to employee guarantee schemes introduced by the central government which pay much higher,\" Antony said.Traders underscore that the troika of growing labour shortage, power crunch and high fuel costs will be the long-term threats. \"These are modifiable factors, unlike scanty rainfall or dry weather, but they defy any quick solution,\" traders said. These will be the real concerns going ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159868", "title": "Another train to run on Nashik-Mumbai rail line", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to cater to the great holiday rush in the summer months, the railways will start a new train between Nashik and Mumbai from Friday. To be run till June 1, the train will run between Nashik Road railway station here and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus in Mumbai.The train, 01035 Dn, will leave Mumbai's CST at 10.15am and arrive at 2.20pm in Nashik, while the 01036 Up will depart Nashik Road at 3.35pm and arrive at 8.10pm in Mumbai. Meanwhile, there was confusion among railway officials about the train and the duration that it would run. The officials at Bhusawal division were unable to confirm about the train but a railway official from Mumbai confirmed that it will start running from Friday. However, they were not sure whether it would be a temporary arrangement or would it continue after June 1.\"If at all a train is being started, it could be a holiday special,\" said the railway official in Bhusawal. But another official said it was slightly difficult to comprehend why the railways would start a holiday special between two destinations that were a mere 188 km away and there was no seasonal rush. Also, there were other modes of inter-city travel available that would meet the demand during the season, the official said.Sources point out that there has been a demand from the passengers for a train between the two cities.\"There was a long pending demand for a train from Mumbai to Nashik Road in the morning and back in the afternoon. It is in this time slot that the railways has chosen to introduce a train,\" a railway official said.But he dismissed the idea that the Rajya Rani Express rakes were being put to double-utility service as proposed by a Nashik-based NGO Rail Parishad. \"Considering the time Rajya Rani reaches LTT (Lokmanya Tilak Terminus in Kurla) and the time this train leaves Mumbai, they hardly match. But this study could further help to reduce and adjust timings wherever required to ensure that Rajya Rani rakes can be substituted for optimal use of infrastructure,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158141", "title": "Accused denied bail in timing equipment case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday dismissed the bail plea of A K Reddy, arrested for alleged lapses in a Rs141 crore contract for timing, scoring and result equipment for the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Justice Mukta Gupta rejected Reddy's bail plea while accepting the prosecution's argument that he had failed to cooperate with the investigation and had been declared as a proclaimed offender by a trial court.Reddy, an official of Hyderabad-based A K R Construction, is the only accused in the case still in the Tihar Jail. All others, including the CWG Organizing Committee's former chief Suresh Kalmadi , have got bail. Seeking bail on the ground of parity, Reddy pleaded that the main accused Kalmadi and other accused were on bail. He told the court that the alleged role attributed to him was minor when compared to others like Kalmadi.Reddy's petition argued that, \"All co-accused against whom more serious and grave allegations are alleged by CBI have been released on regular bail. On the ground of parity, there is no impediment in discharging me on regular bail on just conditions.\"The chargesheet did not disclose that he had conspired or was in any way involved in the alleged conspiracy with any of the organizing committee members or even the other accused, Reddy's lawyer contended. \"The chargesheet does not allege that ... the applicant had, in fact, in pursuance of the demand handed over any such gratification,\" said the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kathmandu/mumbai", "code": "13157403", "title": "Nepal plane crash: Mumbai kin in Kathmandu to bring home bodies", "text": "KATHMANDU/MUMBAI: The bodies of 13 Indian pilgrims pulled out from the plane wreckage in northern Nepal have been airlifted to Kathmandu. Eight of the dead are from Mumbai, four from Chennai and one from Hyderabad. Among the dead is the Rasna girl, Taruni Sachdev, who also acted in 'Paa' with Amitabh Bachchan.Victims' kin from Mumbai airdashed to Kathmandu on Tuesday and the bodies will be handed over to them after autopsy. While the last rites of seven victims will be performed in Mumbai, Iskcon devotee Krishna Chaitanya will be cremated in Hyderabad, where his parents live.Relatives expressed shock and outrage that decrepit aircraft were being allowed to fly in Nepal's hilly terrain. \"My friends asked me why they flew an old aircraft. It's the question of so many lives,\" said Taruni's father. The funeral of the 14-year-old school girl and her mother is scheduled for Wednesday.The Avabai Petit School at Bandra, where she studied, will hold a condolence meet on June 7. Her classmates visited the shrine of Mount Mary and offered prayers. \"I still remember how Taruni would squeeze herself in the front row of the assembly because she was short. It is unfortunate that such a beautiful life was lost in a freak accident,\" said principal Sandhya Balakrishnan.The Mumbai pilgrims on the ill-fated flight were on their way to the Muktinath temple in Nepal. They had gone in a group from the Iskcon temple at Chowpatty.Family members of Kamal and Menaka Arora, who along with their 20-year-old son Shiv were killed in the crash, are doing legal paperwork to bring home the bodies. The couple is survived by two daughters. The old parents of Bandra brothers, Mukesh and Rakesh Handa, are shell-shocked. Members of the Iskcon order are in Kathmandu to process their legal formalities. They were Krishna devotees.The bodies of victims from Chennai will be handed over to their families once they reach Kathmandu. The dead include Sanam Sundhar, G Raman, Latha Ethambai, mother of two children who survived and Swarnalakshmi.The two children from Chennai who miraculously survived the crash are being treated at a hospital in Pokhara. Earlier, Agni Air had claimed the kids, Sreevardhini and Sreepada, had failed to identify their father, who is still in ICU. But Chennai travel operator, Rayan, has confirmed that the third survivor, Sreekanth, is the father of the two. Doctors say his condition is critical, but he may survive. Their uncle is expected to land in Pokhara shortly.An Agni Air spokesperson said the Chennai group was part of the 101 pilgrims who were on their way to Muktinath. Only eight were on the plane, which crashed before landing at the high-altitude Jomsom airstrip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158575", "title": "Gilchrist an inspirational figure: David Hussey", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Aussie flavour has always been an integral part of the IPL. For Team Punjab, it's no different. Their most successful batsman over the last five years has been West Australian southpaw Shaun Marsh.The man at the helm is another Aussie - Adam Gilchrist - but for the last month the former wicketkeeper-batsman has been sidelined with a hamstring injury. It would have been easy for the side to fall apart at the seams but David Hussey has taken up the mantle brilliantly.\"Adam (Gilchrist) is an inspirational figure. It's just an honour to stand in for him. He has a great tactical mind and manages to get the best out of every player,\" David told TOI ahead of Tuesday's match against Team Delhi.\"Gilly has started to bat well in the nets and slowly get back into groove. We are not sure if he'll be fit enough for the game against Delhi on Tuesday. His presence will be crucial in our last two games in Dharamsala,\" he added.The Victorian all-rounder knows that the task is cut out for Punjab if they hope to qualify for the playoffs. \"We have two games against Delhi and one against Chennai. None of them are going to be easy. But the side has potential to spring surprises as we have shown in the tournament so far,\" the younger of the Hussey brothers said.The stand-in Punjab skipper led from the front with a brilliant victory over Hyderabad in Mohali. David scored an unbeaten 35-ball 65 as Punjab chased down 82 off the last six overs for the win - their seventh in IPL 5.\"We always had the confidence that if we could take it to the last ball we can pull it off. Dale Steyn bowled an exceptional penultimate over but young Gurkeerat (Singh) handled the pressure in the last over brilliantly,\" he added.He said one of the secrets of Punjab's success has been the performance of their young players with Mandeep Singh being the stand-out performer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157968", "title": "Ignou starts anti-human trafficking course", "text": "NAGPUR: Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) is starting a special course called anti-human trafficking from the coming academic session. The six month course was earlier launched by union home minister P Chidambaram in the capital, and now students in the city can enrol for the same.Regional director of Ignou P Sivaswaroop said, \"Students who have cleared Std XII can apply for the course before July 15. Special classes for this course will be held on Sundays at Guru Nanak Bhavan building. The fee is Rs 1,000 and we hope students will find this a beneficial knowledge addition.\"The details of the course were announced at a special awareness seminar organized by Ignou where officials from Nagpur University and the city police were present.Shirish Deshpande from the postgraduate department of law, Nagpur University, said, \"Human trafficking is happening for various reasons, for sexual or physical exploitation, removal of human organs etc. It is basically the recruitment or transportation of human beings by means of fraud, influence and abuse of power. Not just women and children but even senior citizens have fallen prey to this vicious trade. Hence, we should focus on prosecuting the trafficker.\"He added that removal of poverty, generating employment, making anti-trafficking cells and conducting sensitization programmes are some fundamental solutions. \"But we all are aware that the law has got its own limitations, so the public should also raise its voice against the human trafficking trade,\" Deshpande said.Senior police inspector of the social services branch, Nagpur Police, Kamal Jadhav said they are dealing with the problem of human trafficking seriously. She, said, \"In Maharashtra we have six anti-trafficking cells which are coordinating efficiently with all agencies. It is crucial to find out the root cause of why people indulge in illegal activities like child labour and prostitution. Most of the times child labour activity is pursued under the knowledge and influence of family members.\"Jadhav added that rehabilitation and counselling of the victims as well as of their family members is the need of the hour. \"We need to create more awareness about the sensitivity of the issue. More programmes must be conducted and people should be made aware of the laws and legislations regarding human trafficking,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dabolim", "code": "13159909", "title": "Prime minister will discuss Dabolim land issue with Navy: Chief minister", "text": "Dabolim: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has assured that he will take up with the Navy the issue of transfer of 2.52 acres disputed land for the expansion of Dabolim airport, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday. The dispute is between the state government and Indian Navy.\"I have raised the issue of disputed land with the Prime Minister and he has agreed to take it up with the Navy. Now Navy has to agree to transfer the land,\" Parrikar said. \"Once the letter goes we will follow-up daily,\" Parrikar added. The chief minister visited Dabolim airport on Tuesday to review the 400-crore expansion project of the new airport terminal.The state government has handed over 9.3 acres of land for the airport's expansion and the alignment of the national highway was shifted by 90 meters so as to not disturb the airport's expansion.Asked whether Dabolim airport would be closed once the proposed airport at Mopa becomes operational, Parrikar said, \"This is a 500-crore project and it is considered as a profitable one. Goa government has spent 100 crore directly or indirectly and is anyone a fool to spend so much money to allow it to close?\" He added that Dabolim airport will be upgraded such that one wouldn't even consider abandoning it.Parrikar also said that if the land is transferred to the airports authority of India (AAI), the new terminal could be utilized more effectively.He said the current capacity of the airport is 700 passengers at peak hours, but it is now handling 2,200 passengers an hour. This means it is handling three times its capacity. \"The new airport will handle 2,750 passengers; it will have improved facilities for immigration and parking,\" he added.Parrikar also said Goa has crossed the passenger traffic projected for 2020 and Dabolim's expansion will help the smooth handling of passengers for another 10 to 15 years.He added that the government will assure AAI that adequate parking space is provided at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13160103", "title": "\u2018Will decide next course of action soon\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: K Garg, president, Induction Furnace Association of North India, said, \"Only if the power is available at less than Rs 2.10 per KWH under open access then it will be viable, which is virtually impossible looking at the power scenario in India.''Dev Gupta, general secretary of the association, said, ''In past years PSPCL purchased power at Rs 12 per unit. The gap in generation and demand was very low and hence in 2011 they saved of Rs 1,000 crore. Now when no power will come from outside this gap is going to increase.'' Amarjeet Singh, finance secretary of the association, said, ''The tariff for industrial consumers in India are among highest in the world. Punjab is second after Gujarat, while supply to sectors like agriculture remains highly subsidized or free.''He informed that the next course of action would be decided in a meeting at Mandi Gobindgarh on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160216", "title": "Building approvals just a click away", "text": "HYDERABAD: If Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) plans materialise, building permission approvals will just be a click away.If online application and approval system for building applications is implemented by the GHMC, it will not only reduce time, but also check corruption in town planning wing to some extent.The GHMC is getting a software to scrutinise and approve building permissions from an IT firm, whose representatives had made a presentation to the town planning officials a few days ago. Civic bodies of Mumbai, Pune, Thane, Coimbatore, Thiruvanathapuram, Nagpur , Bangalore and Chennai have already started implementing the online system using the software. In the second phase, some corporations are going in for digitised signatures for approvals.The GHMC, on an average, gives approvals to 8,000 to 10,000 buildings, both nonhigh rise and high rise in the city every year. As of now, applicants submit the building application along with blue prints of drawings manually on paper. GHMC town planning staff have been taking two months for giving approval to non-high rise buildings and three to four months for high-rise permissions. Now, officials plan to reduce the approval time to just a week.Also, there is a chance of human error in scrutinising plans and calculation of fee as several cases were detected where staff had collected more building fee than the required amount. GHMC officials say the software AutoDCR automatically reads and identifies building plans and layout objects from the drawing. It maps the drawings to the building bylaws accordingly. The software also generates FSI tables, fee, area statement table and other required data for ready reference for the staff. If any plan is not in accordance with the rules, the software rejects the application by giving reasons. In case, the building plan is approved , automatically emails and SMSs will be sent to applicants . \"Manual intervention is required at two stages. One for verification of documents supplied by the applicant and the other one, for field inspection at the site,\" a senior GHMC official said.Since building rules in Andhra Pradesh are different from other states, some changes have to be made to the software. Officials want to use both Telugu and English reports for the benefit of people, which would increase transparency in approvals. \"The corporation has, in principle, decided to go in for online building permissions for all categories for hassle-free approvals . However, no decision has been taken yet on whether the corporation should implement it or give it to private firms under Build Own, Operate and Transfer (BOOT) basis ,\" GHMC chief city planner GV Raghu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158843", "title": "New panel to supervise housing board projects", "text": "KOLKATA: From now on, a nine-member team headed by HRBC vice chairman Sadhan Banerjee will conduct a six-phase inspection during the construction stage of all housing projects executed by the West Bengal Housing Board. The department is also looking at three housing board projects where several irregularities have been found.Minister of state (independent charge) of housing Aroop Biswas said on Tuesday that the team will henceforth inspect all housing board projects during different stages of construction, from soil testing to building pillars till the final stages. The engineers will inspect all the six stages of construction and the final report will be placed before the minister for his approval.Before construction begins, the committee has to check whether the land on which buildings are to be built is encroachment free and under the department's possession.Biswas said that they have found three government housing complexes, one each at Rajarhat, Nimta and Mahestala that are in a dilapidated condition. \"The first ten blocks of the LIG housing complex at Rajarhat named Starlit is in terrible condition. A probe is already on,\" he said.The housing department has come up with big plans to set up many LIG and MIG housing projects across the state. In the budget speech in the assembly, Biswas said that the housing department will take up construction of 20,000 flats for the minority people and 10,000 houses for fishermen.Special stress has been given to look into the housing problems of distressed people in Jangalmahal, the hills and the Aila affected areas of Sunderbans as well as for minorities and SC, ST and OBC communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13158090", "title": "Nagpur village angry after losing irrigation water", "text": "BHANDARA: Many farmers of the Rohana village in the district have protested a move of the irrigation department to delete the village from the command area of the Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project for the benefit of the upcoming thermal power project of Bhandara Thermal Power Corporation.The villagers have demanded restoration of irrigation rights for their agriculture land. The farmers action committee, led by deputy sarpanch Naresh Ishwarkar, against the thermal power project submitted a memorandum highlighting their woes to resident deputy collector recently.Ishwarkar said there is 785.25 hectares of agriculture land in the village. Bhandara Thermal Power Corporation (BTPC), a flagship company of the proposed 3000MW thermal power project, plans to acquire 585 hectares of agriculture land of the village to establish the project. It has already begun purchasing agriculture land. \"Rohana is a village of progressive farmers and their source of sustenance is agriculture and dairy. Every farmer has the right of irrigation and their sustenance solely depends upon it. But the irrigation department has denotified Rohana from the command area for the benefit of thermal power project,\" he said.Ishwarkar said that while denotifying the village, neither the villagers nor the gram panchayat was informed, as is mandatory by law. \"We were kept in dark and the denotification order was obtained from the irrigation department. A special general body meeting was convened on April 11 to oppose the deletion of village from command area. A copy of the minutes of the gram sabha meeting has been sent to the collector and chairman Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation,\" he said.The deputy sarpanch further said that the village has been divided into pro- and anti-power plant groups and it may result in clashes.However, executive engineer of the Bawanthadi irrigation project H Chandewar said that the decision to denotify the village was taken by the VIDC. \"The irrigation department will get Rs 9.66 crore from the BTPC for the land that will be acquired,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159496", "title": "Indore-Delhi direct flight from today", "text": "INDORE: Air passengers awaiting a direct flight for Delhi from the city have a reason to rejoice as Jet Airways will fly two of its existing flights directly to the national capital from Indore from Wednesday. It will save around one hour flying time for the air travelers as the flight was to hop via Bhopal to the national capital.Air travelers from Indore were demanding since long for a direct flight for Delhi. Till now, Indore had five flights to Delhi but none of them was a direct one. Moreover, the indirect flights for Delhi were routed through other cities, which had a long flying time for the passengers and pay more for tickets.As per the new schedule of Jet Airways, which will come into effect from Wednesday, two of its flights, 2373 and 4793, will now directly fly between Indore and Delhi. Timing of these flights has also been rescheduled, besides this, timing of its Raipur-Indore-Jaipur flight has also been changed to suit to the new flight schedule.A Jet official posted at Indore Airport said that timing of its three flights have been changed and two of its existing flights will now directly fly for Delhi. However, industry experts believe that Jet Airways' move to change route of its flight to make it a direct flight for Delhi has been taken to counter the direct flight of Spice Jet from May 20.\"People from the city were demanding a direct flight for Delhi from quite some time. Now when Spice Jet is introducing a direct flight from May 20, Jet Airways also fall in line and now they have two direct flights for Delhi,\" said Pankaj Shrivastava, who runs a travel agency adding that other airlines may also follow suit and it will ultimately benefit the passengers.Anil Sharma, an entrepreneur, who frequently fly to Delhi, said that direct flight will save time of the passengers. \"When a flight goes to Delhi via Bhopal, it takes one hour extra and fare also goes up. A direct flight will address both the problems,\" he said adding that with direct flight, the availability of seat for Delhi from Indore will also increase.According to new schedule of Jet Airways, its flight Delhi-Bhopal-Indore flight (2373) will now directly come to Indore. Earlier, the flight's landing time at Indore airport was 8.55 am and then would take off at 9.25 am. Now this flight will land at Indore airport at 7.55 am and will take off at 8.25 am.Similarly the timing of evening flight has also changed. Indore-Bhopal-Delhi (4793) flight will now land at Indore airport at 6.45 pm and take off at 7.15 pm. Earlier, this flight's landing time at Indore airport was 8 pm and would take off at 8.40 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13159077", "title": "Another dengue death, toll rises to 14", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A two-year-old boy admitted at the government hospital for dengue died in Tirunelveli on Tuesday.Villages in Tirunelveli as well as Kovilpatti in Tuticorin are in the grip of a dengue scare as many have fallen ill over the past two mossssnths. There has been a steady influx of patients in the government as well as private hospitals in the districts even as state health authorities battle to control the spread of dengue. While villagers alleged that there were more than 20 deaths since the outbreak of dengue in Kadayanallur in April, state health officials placed the death toll at 14.The two-year-old boy Vishnu, son of Suresh of Maruthamputhur near Alangulam was admitted in the government headquarters hospital on Monday. But despite intensive treatment, the child died, a health official said. \"He was admitted barely 35 hours before his death, in an advanced stage of the illness. We tried our best to save him,\" said a senior health official. On Sunday, an 11-year-old girl from Kovilpatti in adjoining Tuticorin district also died at the government hospital here indicating the spread of the disease beyond Tirunelveli district.Joint director (health) Arulmozhi Duraiappa said that in all cases of death, the patients were admitted in an advanced stage of the illness. At present, 120 persons including 26 children below the age of 16 have been admitted in the special intensive care unit of the GH. A team of doctors including paediatricians are treating them round the clock. \"It is a very challenging scene. But we are taking efforts to save each and everyone. There is adequate supply of blood,'' said GH dean M Manoharan. Another boy, aged 11 years died at the GH later in the day, but health officials said that it was a \"non-dengue death.''Medical teams have been sent to all the villages in Kadayanallur and adjoining areas. Special wards have been created in Tenkasi government hospital as well as Tuticorin. Intensive fogging operations as well as spraying of bio-chemicals on water to kill larva and eggs are being carried out across the district.Health authorities said that in the last few days there was a panic reaction among villagers, resulting in a heavy influx into the government hospital from the periphery of the district which had caused a huge strain on space and manpower. \"We have suggested health officials to ensure that people from the periphery are treated in the government hospitals in their locality itself,'' said a doctor at the GH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13158909", "title": "Is Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ready to compromise on Gorkhaland Territorial Administration?", "text": "KOLKATA: A compromise formula on inclusion of additional areas from the Dooars and Terai in the proposed Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) may finally end the impasse and pave the way for holding of the GTA elections. On Tuesday, it was learnt from sources in Darjeeling that the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) is waiting for such a formula to emerge before it can accept the proposal for going to the polls.Though GJM leaders, in its central committee meeting held on Monday, took the tough stand of reviewing their position on GTA after the high-power committee headed by Justice Shyamal Sen submits its report by June, observers believe this was more of a public posturing. Even a partial acceptance of its demand on additional areas could lead to GJM softening its position. For, the first priority for everyone was now to make GTA functional.GJM had asked for inclusion of 398 mouzas in the Dooars and Terai in the GTA, but the mandate of the Shyamal Sen committee is to examine the demographic composition of these mouzas as well as to gauze the public sentiment before finalizing its recommendation. Even if the committee recommended the inclusion of Nepali-dominated areas, GTA would still be left with a number of additional mouzas. This, it was believed, should satisfy GJM. The high-power committee was supposed to have submitted its recommendation by the first week of June, but according to indications, GJM could wait till the end of the month. The delay in getting official data on linguistic break-up of the mouzas in question could delay the report of the committee. GJM has four members in the committee.According to sources, there was a view in the GJM that the immediate priority should be to participate in GTA and hold the elections even if the committee recommended the inclusion of only a part of these 398 mouzas. The question of inclusion of more mouzas could be taken up at a later date, if necessary. GJM had not formally given its demand for Gorkhaland either and could launch an agitation later. But, going by available indications, the Centre might not immediately entertain the statehood issue. Nor was it possible to \"switch on\" and \"switch off\" agitations at frequent intervals.Besides, after a successful tourist season this summer, people in the hills now overwhelmingly wanted peace and normal life. Rather than embarking on yet another uncertain journey on the path of agitation, it could be prudent for the GJM to show immediate results to the hills people by running the GTA successfully, especially since the new government had taken an interest to usher in developmental schemes in the hills. They were not forgetting that Gorkha National Liberation Front leader Subash Ghisingh had lost support in the hills not because he could not give Gorkhaland to the people but because he could not run the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council properly.Highly placed sources in the state government indicated that though the government was keen to accommodate the GJM demands, it was not ready to buy peace at any cost. It was counting on the priority common people in the hills were now placing on return of peace and normal life for GJM to see reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160340", "title": "Hyderabad resident among Nepal plane crash victims", "text": "City resident, G Venkatraman of Mehdipatnam, was one among the victims who perished in the Nepal plane crash on Monday. On May 7, a 16-member group, including Venkatraman and his relatives, set off on Muktinath Yatra from the city. The special tour was organised by Sree Travels, the office of which is in Karkhana.On May 7, Venkatraman's family, distant relative MLN Sharma, who stays at Neha Residency in Lakshmi Nagar of AG Colony, his wife Indira, their daughter Janaki, son-in-law I K Srinivas, his mother Sridevi, grandson Sreevatsal and another friend Easwar Rao of Sanatnagar left on the pilgrimage.At Pokhara in Nepal, the team was divided into two groups and Venkatraman, who was from the first group, boarded the ill-fated flight. His relative, Sharma, a retired AG office employee, also got into the plane, but had to disembark as all the seats were occupied, afamily member said. \"The mortal remains of Venkatraman will be brought in the city most likely on Wednesday,\" the representative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158008", "title": "Most street lights not functional, residents afraid to go out after dark", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) seemed to be waiting for a big accident to happen in the city as despite receiving several complaints of faulty street lights in colonies and major roads, no work to repair them is initiated.According to JMC sources, since May 1, the JMC has registered approximately 1,500 complaints of faulty stree lights, out of which 1,200 are still pending.JMC Light committee chairman, Sanjeev Sharma, said, \"The contract of the repairing of road was completed six months ago, however, we have extended the contract till May 1. We agree to the fact that because of the JMC mistake of not renewing the contract on time, the residents in the city are suffering.\"\"There are around 1.6 lakh streets lights in the city out of which 35,000 are not working in the absence of the repair contractor,\" he said.But the JMC seems to be in deep slumber as many street lights including those on the B2 Bypass and in many colonies are not functioning. \"All the lights are not non-functional. In the absence of a contractor, some people are assigned to turn on and off the lights. But the JMC is in acute shortage of staff and there could not a people to turn on and off the lights for the entire city,\" Sharma said. At present, there are only 23 contractors to maintain and repair the lights in 63 wards, while 13 wards are maintained by the JMC itself.The light committee alleged that officials are delaying the process of reexamining the rates on which the contract of maintenance is to be given. \"Earlier, the contracts were given on different rates, but the issue was debated and the rates are now uniform. The process was started earlier, however, due to anti corruption bureau (ACB) inquiry on officials, it was delayed. Also, as the committee has recently got the powers to issue the tenders,\" Sharma added.Bharat Bhushan, a resident of Sector 6, Malviya Nagar, said, \"It is very risky to travel in the dark. The roads are filled with pot holes and we witnessed many accidents in the past seven days. The compliant has been registerd twice, however, the corporation has not repaired it so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158712", "title": "Everything hinges on minority definition", "text": "BANGALORE: With the education department dragging its feet on defining a minority institution, there is confusion all round. Shockingly, even the Block Education Officers (BEOs) are not sure which schools should be included to provide the 25% quota for children from Economically Weaker Section (EWS). Sample this: As many as 11 aided private institutions located in Frazer town area alone are missing from the list prepared for Bangalore North region.\"Schools like Goodwill Girls High School, Holy Angels Girls High School, St Xavier's Boys High School, St Joseph's Convent Girls High School and St Rocks Boys and Girls High School are some of the names that are missing from the list. It's important to have these names as these are some of the schools in the area that provide quality education,\" said Yasir Mohammed, a social worker from Frazer Town.With the last date for submission of the application form being May 25, it's a nerve-racking situation for many parents who want their children to be admitted in these schools under the RTE quota. \"I want to put my child in a better school. But the schools of my choice are not in the list. I see no point in taking off my child from his current school and getting him admitted to an institution that is no better than the existing school,\" said R Tilottamma, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar slum in Frazer Town.Moreover, there are some, who have already paid the admission fees for this academic year. \"My daughter goes to St Rocks Boys and Girls High School, but the school is not in the list. I paid Rs 8,000 a month ago for the coming academic year as I did not know about RTE and neither did the school tell me about the act. Even if I continue sending my daughter to the same school, I will not be able to get the admission fees reimbursed unless the school is there in the list,\" said P Charles, a parent.\"I have filed a PIL against all these snags associated with RTE. The list with names of the schools under RTE in Bangalore North is incomplete. Eight to nine good institutions are missing from the list,'' complained Yunus Mohammad, a resident of Bharati nagar.EVEN THE DEPARTMENT IS CONFUSED\"Although theses schools are aided institutions, they are minority institutions as well. So they may have been omitted. This status put us in a fix and so we did not include these names. Though I feel that even if these names are not in the list, it should not create confusion as everybody knows that these schools are aided and have reservation for the poor,\" said Ashwath Narayan Gowda, Block Education Officer, North 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157461", "title": "Nepal plane crash: Rasna girl Taruni Sachdeva dreamt to become heroine", "text": "MUMBAI: When she entered the glamour world at a little over five years, Taruni Sachdeva dreamt of becoming a heroine one day. \"Uncle, I want to do the heroine's role in your film,\" Taruni told director Vinayan T G who introduced her to films in 2004. But the girl's dreams were cut short when she was killed in Monday's plane crash in Nepal. Her mother Geeta, who was travelling with her, also died in the mishap.The two were part of a group of Indians who had chartered the Agni Air flight for a pilgrimage to Muktinath in Nepal. Taruni's father Haresh Sachdeva and his friend Ajay Jain have gone to Nepal to bring the bodies back. \"The bodies are being shipped by Agni Air but we are paying the fare. We will reach Mumbai tomorrow,\" Jain said.The vivacious Taruni, who became one of the most poplar faces on television-she was the Rasna girl-had won the hearts of her directors and fellow actors, right from Amitabh Bachchan, with whom she had shared screen space in both ads and a film, to Karishma Kapoor. It was in an ad film where director Vinayan first spotted her and chose her for his Malayalam horror film, Vellinakshtram, starring Prithviraj Sukumaran. Vinayan said, \"I saw her in an ad with Mr Amitabh Bachchan. I got her number from the agency and called her. When her mother Geeta handed the phone to her, Taruni said, 'uncle, I want to act in films'. She was an extraordinary child, full of life. She was always with me all through Vellinakshtram. It is shocking that she is no more.\" Vinayan is so fond of the child that he has even posted his photograph with her on a social networking site.After Vellinakshtram, Vinayan also cast Taruni in his next film, Sathyam, where she acted with Sukumaran again.A couple of months ago, Taruni was in Kerala shooting for a commercial. Vinayan said, \"From there, she called me up to tell me that she wanted to be in my film. I told her that we will definitely meet to speak about it. She said, 'Thank you, uncle'. And those were her last words to me.\"Taruni was probably the first 11-year-old to have played the Big B's girlfriend in a movie. Abhishek Bachchan , who was an assistant director of Paa, only had words of praise for the girl, who would play around the sets and chat with everyone. \"She was a brilliant kid. She was not only a good actor but also a well-informed child who had knowledge about everything that was happening around the world,\" he said.Amitabh Bachchan tweeted: \"Just reading that Tarini Sachdev the girl child artiste in Paa, has perished in Nepal plane crash. Please God may this not be.\" Abhishek also posted on the micro blogging site: \"SHOCKED and very saddened to hear about the Nepal plane crash. Lost 1 of my cutest co-stars. Little Taruni Sachdev from PAA. Speechless.\"Like the Bachchans, others known to Taruni and her family are yet to come to terms with the tragedy. R Balki, who directed Paa and also shot many commercials with Taruni, did not have any words to describe his feelings. \"I will not be able to talk,\" he said. \"She was a lovely vibrant child,\" is how Karishma describes Taruni; Karishma featured in the very popular Rasna ad, which made Taruni a household face.According to those in the film industry, Taruni was not only a good actor but also a very bright student and her mother always made sure that she never neglected her studies. Line producer of Paa Anita Manchanda said, \"Her mother was strict about her studies and would make her sit with her books on the sets, during shoot breaks.\" Manchanda fondly remembers how during breaks, Taruni would frolic around the sets and her mother would sometimes have to \"rein in her make her sit down\". \"But at the same time, she was a very diplomatic kid who knew how to handle both the young and the old. There were times when boys on the sets would try to trouble her but she tackled them so well that they ended up liking her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159067", "title": "Gujarat University move to take away Ahmedabad's largest ground?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A tricky maneuver may have allowed to slip out of Gujarat University's (GU) control and into the hands of a private event company the university's biggest and cheapest ground near Helmet Crossroads. Surprisingly, the university had not even invited bids for leasing out this ground!Expression of interest (EoI) had been called from parties interested in seeking lease of GU Convention Centre. The idea was to hand over control and maintenance of the structure, so that the university could get a fixed amount of money annually, without having to bother about the management of the facility.The advertisement inviting the EoI had no mention of the ground. However, when the tender was opened, the top bidder had included the 2.5 lakh sq m ground in his proposal.As Gujarat University vice-chancellor's (VC) checkered tenure nears end, allegations of wrongdoing are flying thick and fast. GU sources alleged that the bidders were not present when the tender was opened. A written complaint has been received against the tender process, they claimed.Trivedi told TOI \"It is the discretionary power of the tender committee. None of the bidders were told when the tender will be opened. We have earned almost half of the total cost of the centre and hope to recover the rest in another three years.\"The VC claimed that the ground was more of headache for the university than of any use to the public. Some citizens, however differ. \"There is always something going on here, whenever the ground is not occupied. Every Sunday, children gather here to play cricket and novice drivers also come here to hone their skills,\" said Vivek Dhaiya, a teenager who lives in a society nearby.Syndicate and convention hall high-power committee member Narhari Amin said there was no mention of ground in the tender document. \"The university earned Rs 25 lakh a year from renting out the ground. The top bidder offered Rs 1 crore per year, so the panel agreed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159411", "title": "Tinted glasses: Cops spare VIPs", "text": "BHOPAL: Aam aadmi is again bearing the brunt. This time it is the drive against tinted glass on vehicles where the common man- already conned by the car decorators and film manufacturers- is being slapped fines. On the other hand vehicles of the VIPs flashing beacons zip through the roads with dark tinted glass, as the traffic police look the other way.The biggest violators, the VIPs are spared. In the 10-day long drive of the 200 odd four-wheelers fined for tinted glass violations not a single vehicle belongs to a minister or top bureaucrat.The apex court on April 27 had in its directives stated that as per the limits prescribed in the Motor Vehicle Act, anything beyond visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable. The decision came into effect on May 4 throughout the country.In the absence of an equipment to measure the opacity of the sun films used on window panes, the traffic police in Bhopal has been its common sense. Around 205 challans have been made this month for using tinted window panes with visibility limit of less than 70%, the officials said. The traffic cops are confused. And when a vehicles flashing beacon light with tinted glasses happens to pass through, the traffic cops look the other side.\"How can I stop them? I know that these VIPs are also violating the SC directives\", a cop at a busy traffic-square rued.The deputy superintendent of police (traffic) Anand Rawat said \"We have not received any direction on who to exempt among the government officials. The drive against government officials would be started only after getting requisite orders\", he added.The court in its ruling had also directed the state government to make a list of VVIPs who need exemption for security related issues. The directives make it clear that no one is exempted unless the list of such VVIPs is not prepared. The senior officials at the police headquarters confirmed that there is no such list in MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159752", "title": "Two break-ins reported in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Two house break-ins have been registered with the Panchavati police. According to one complainant, Pritish Bedmutha (30), a residing at Param Residency, Hirawadi, Panchvati, unidentified persons broke into his house on Monday, and escaped with ornaments worth Rs 3.60 lakh.Unidentified persons also broke into the house of Hareshkumar Nandlal Nathwani, a resident of Ratnadeep Apartments, Hirawadi, Panchvati, and escaped with gold ornaments. The persons also took away the motorcycle parked in front of Nathwani's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157933", "title": "Senior citizen dupes employer of Rs 18L", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior citizen working with a property dealer for 17 years has been charged with duping his employer of Rs 18 lakh. Accused Ashok Maske (65), a resident of Gokulpeth, allegedly forged signatures on cheques and withdrew Rs 18 lakh cash in two instalments of Rs 9 lakh each.The complainant Sanjay Kumar Darshan (50), a resident of Pandey Layout in Dhamna, runs a property dealership at Sadar. He approached Sadar police a week after the alleged fraud took place. He told police Maske was looking after his accounts for the last 17 years.Darshan alleged that last week while he was out of city, Maske, with the help of his friend, forged his signatures on two cheques of Rs 9,00,000 each and withdrew the cash. He said Maske knew the cheque book was kept in his drawer and also had drawer's keys.On Monday, Darshan returned to city and was alerted by bank officials about the huge withdrawal from his account on May 5 and May 7. Police said they have confirmed that the cash was withdrawn from Union Bank of India , Dhantoli branch. The other person who helped Maske is not a employee of dealership, said police.Cops said they have spoken to Maske on phone and will arrest him by Wednesday. However, they are clueless about his accomplice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13160146", "title": "Irate public vent anger against railways", "text": "MANGALORE: Enraged over the delay in opening the railway gate at Padil on Monday night, public damaged railway property and squatted on the railway tracks till 11.30 pm.They withdrew the protest after deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat promised that he would call a meeting of railway officials, district administration and MCC to solve the problem within a fortnight.The meeting will be held after MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, who is currently in Delhi, returns to the city. \"I understand the problem. We will solve the issue after discussing it threadbare at the meeting. We will do the needful at the earliest,'' he added.After the public stopped a train by squatting on the tracks, police rushed to the spot to control the situation. Later the mob detained another train. They also attacked vernacular newspaper photographer Ramesh Pandit when he tried to take pictures.The photographer said there were not enough policemen to tackle the situation. They were mute spectators of the slew of events. The public were shouting slogans against the railways sitting on the tracks. Villagers of Padil Alape have been demanding for a under bridge for the past 10 years and on Monday, they vented their pent up anger on the railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159833", "title": "Raid at liquor den, two held", "text": "NASHIK: A liquor bottling den was raided in the Hirawadi area of Panchavati and two persons, including a woman, were arrested.The raid was carried out at a bungalow in Shivkrupa Nagar, Hirawadi, on a tip-off that spurious liquor was being packaged and sold there as country and foreign-made brands. Cops seized bottling machines, food colour, six bags of empty bottles and 300 liquor-filled bottles.Sarjerao and Ranjanabai Gaikwad were arrested. The bottles of various foreign brands were being filled with Indian-made liquor, re-sealed using chemical and food colours and were being sold at highway bars and dhabas, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13159737", "title": "NSCN-IM says Khole-Kitovi faction trying to sabotage peace talks", "text": "DIMAPUR: In view of the recent political development that NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) has urged the Centre, through MHA joint secretary Shambu Singh, to seek a settlement within the boundary of the so-called Nagaland state, the joint council of the NSCN(IM) stated that the group's move was a \"calculated, deliberate step\" to sabotage the 14-year negotiations being held between the NSCN and the Centre.\"It is also an assault on the reconciliation process,\" chief principal secretary of the NSCN(IM) Samson Jajo said. The steering committee and the council of 'kilonsers' of NSCN(IM) on Monday held a joint council meeting and decided to refrain from attending the reconciliation meeting to be held at the highest level from May 21 at Chiang Mai, Thailand, till a clarification is issued to the Naga people by the NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) group. The joint council also opined that the FNR is required to make its position very clear on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "khachariyawas (sikar)", "code": "13158041", "title": "Shekhawat's life-size statue unveiled in Sikar", "text": "Khachariyawas (Sikar): Thousands of people, apart from a large number of political leaders, gathered at the ancestral village of former Vice-President Bhairon Singh Shekhawat for the unveiling of his statue. The life-size statue of Shekhawat was unveiled by senior BJP leader L K Advani on Tuesday, which was also the former Vice-President's second death anniversary.The unveiling ceremony was attended by senior leaders including Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, former chief minister of Haryana Om Prakash Chautala , union minister of state Mahadev Singh Khandela and former chief minister Vasundhara Raje. Several BJP legislators and senior office-bearers, apart from Congress leaders like minister Bharat Singh also attended the function. Also present were religious leaders and close friends including Jodhpur's erstwhile maharaja Gaj Singh.The ceremony was organised by Shekhawat's immediate family, who ensured that it was free from any political colour. The guests were attended on account of their proximity and respect for Shekhawat, the speakers mainly remembering the former Vice-President and recalling their individual experiences with him. The speeches, though, were not not completely void of political flavour.\"It was rather unfortunate that one man ditched Shekhawat, which led to him not becoming the country's president. Not just the village or the state but the entire country paid for that. Had he become the President, the country's image would have touched new heights,'' said Chautala.Badal, on the occasion, contributed Rs 1 crore for projects to be taken up in Shekhawat's name. \"Don't worry about finances. If need be, more would be provided,'' said Badal.Advani said he can never forget how Shekhawat's name was unanimously decided upon as the party's candidate from the region at the time of country's first general elections in 1953. \"It is a matter of great honour for me to get a chance to come back to Khachariawas from where a great leader began his political career as a legislator and went on to become the Vice-President. I bow to this land and the entire Shekhawati family,'' he said, adding that along with Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Shekhawat had played a vital role in making BJP one of the prominent political parties of the country.Sharing her memories, Raje recalled the times when Shekhawat had appreciated her work. \"In 1985, after I entered the assembly as a first time MLA, he warned me against speaking in English. I was not too fluent in Hindi but after practicing the entire night, managed to speak in Hindi. Shekhawat not only appreciated it also ordered sweets to celebrate the occasion,'' said Raje, who also recalled the advice she got from Shekhawat in 2003 when she was the party's chief minister candidate.\"He wanted to brighten the darkest corner of the state, where light had never reached. He travelled the length and breadth of the state and also worked for a united Rajasthan and not on caste lines. There is a need to work towards his dream Rajasthan,'' said Raje, adding that Shekhawat is a role model for all and would always remain so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159767", "title": "Railway employees rail against official visits on weekends", "text": "NASHIK: Indian Railways employees, under the banner of the Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh (CRMS), on Tuesday condemned the visits of senior officials on weekends and holidays, claiming that the impromptu trips took a toll on supervisors on their only day of rest.\"Officials come here with their families under the guise of official visits, enjoy their weekends by visiting religious places and vineyards and spoil our only rest days,\" members of the union said during their five-hour agitation.Employees and officials, including the supervisory staff of the Railways at Nashik Road, came together to protest the frequent visits by senior officials.Presenting a 27-point memo to the senior officials, Sunderam Jha, secretary of the union's Nashik Road unit, said, \"Officials can plan their visits to Nashik. But coming here on weekends with families and going shopping while keeping officials waiting creates a wrong impression.\"Jha added, \"The divisional railway manager (DRM)'s Office awards tenders to cleanliness contractors, who are inexperienced. The party which was given the Nashik contract ran away. Now there is nobody in charge. How can officers here be responsible for lack of cleanliness when they are managing with skeletal staff? Same is the case with vacancies, where the Railways is hell-bent on surrendering posts instead of recruiting new persons.\"The union claimed that officials were literally tortured and harassed the supervisors and if this was not stopped at the earliest then they would be forced to agitate in front of the office of DRM on June 12. \"We will do anything to take this resolution to logical end,\" jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13156784", "title": "University lacks helpline, proctor asks students to pack up their help desk", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow University on Tuesday asked the student leaders to stop their helpline on the grounds that it can lead to disturbance of law and order in the campus.On Monday, when the university's online window opened, some university students with the support of Student Federation of India (SFI) started a helpline to assist students in filling up the online forms, but unable to assimilate the fact that students are reaching out for help, the university proctor, Prof Pawan Agarwal asked the students to wind up their stall on Tuesday morning.Students involved with the helpdesk informed that the university proctor ordered them to stop the helpdesk and then asked them to seek permission with the admission coordinator and senior librarian, student union. \"We took the permission from the coordinator, but failed to locate the senior librarian. Even after we requested the proctor to allow us in running the helpdesk, he was adamant on shutting it,\" said a student. He informed that on the first day more than 100 queries came and the helpdesk was able to convert 80 of them.Defending his move, Prof Agarwal said, \"University's examinations are going on. In such a situation, we cannot take risk and allow such kind of activities to take place. Moreover, these students have not sort permission to start a helpline with the university.\" He further added that the university is making efforts to start a helpline of its own.Contrary to this statement, university through its spokesperson, on Tuesday, clarified that there will be no helpdesk for the students facing problem in filling up the application forms. Sources revealed that university vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra has clearly denied setting up of any helpdesk inside the premises, so as to save resources.The move has brought criticisms from senior university professors who termed it as 'highly undemocratic'. \"Neither the university is starting its own helpline nor it is allowing the students to support those seeking admission,\" said a professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157410", "title": "IPL 5: Jittery Kolkata up against resurgent Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: What a difference the last two away games have made to the hopes of Team Mumbai! From trying to erase the memories of Gayle-storm - when the Bangalore batman tore into them on the night of May 9 at the Wankhede Stadium - to now sitting pretty and aiming for a top-two finish in the points table, the 'Men in Blue' seem to have regrouped just in time.So when Team Kolkata meet Mumbai on their home turf (they haven't been pleased with the Wankhede pitches though) on Wednesday night, the dice will be loaded against Gautam Gambhir's purple and gold outfit.While Mumbai have gone from strength to strength in their last two ties, Kolkata have suffered reversals. First at the hands of Mumbai and then, more painfully, at the hands of Chennai, losing to a last-ball six on Monday night.Gambhir did exude confidence, saying his team is confident of turning things around to go up on the points tally, but pushing Mumbai down appears much more difficult now given the side's current form, thanks to sterling performances by Ambati Rayudu, Rohit Sharma and KieronPollard. Not to forget, South African maverick Herschelle Gibbs, who scored a glittering 66 in his first appearance in IPL 5 (he's played just two games thus far) and the finishing and hitting skills of Dwayne Smith. Mumbai certainly appear to have the edge.The bowling, too, has come together quite well, led by Lasith Malinga, the hot-headed but accurate Munaf Patel, the now-reliable RP Singh and skipper Harbhajan Singh, who seems to have rediscovered that missing loop and spin.Sachin Tendulkar, who missed four games out of the 14, hasn't had much success but his knock of 74 against Chennai at the Wankhede (May 6) showed that he isn't out of form.Then there's wicketkeeper-bat Dinesh Karthik, who might not have scored a fifty in the tournament yet, but has contributed at crucial times with the bat, especially at the Wankhede where he has scored 33, 35 and 44.Gambhir will surely need to put on his thinking cap and hope that the big-ticket players in his side, Jacques Kallis and Brendon McCullum fire, if they are to steal the thunder in this marquee clash. The Kolkata captain's big weapon, and one of the biggest draws, would be mystery spinner Sunil Narine.The Caribbean bowler, who sports a hairstyle like the legendary cartoon character Tintin, can wreak havoc given the unpredictable nature of the Wankhede pitch. A few quick wickets and you never know which way the tide will turn.For now, Mumbai will definitely want to believe that they can make the Qualifier (teams finishing 3rd and 4th will play the Eliminator) by finishing in the top two.Though Kolkata, given their fine run till the 12th game, also deserve to be there. For the record, Mumbai have won only 3 of their 7 home games so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13159644", "title": "When hardware goes haywire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It all started with repeated beeps while turning on his laptop and with strange colours or images appearing on the screen and ended with complete hardware failure of the personal notebook of Shantanu Chatterjee, 21, an engineering student. He had to shell out over Rs 7,000 to get the problem corrected.Chatterjee, who is a technology freak, couldn't understand how despite using best firewalls, virus scanners, and anti-spyware applications this problem cropped up. And it turned out to be the case of complete hardware failure that had started with spilling of a few drops of water on his keyboard.Computer hardware is one such area that often remains unattended by most of the users as many of them tend to take it for granted that it can't be harmed. But no effective firewall or anti-spyware application will do good if the system has been interfered by an outsider or some hardware problem has erupted.\"I was having problems with charging of the battery and I did not take it seriously. I used to adjust the position of the adapter pin inside the connector and it would start working. But there was a problem with the charger and continuous use of faulty device damaged the whole battery,\" Priyanka Jain, 26, a resident of Sector 8, told TOI. According to experts, laptops and notebooks require even more precision while troubleshooting various hardware problems.\"If something is wrong with the hardware then it would also affect windows and softwares. Such snags are very difficult to detect and in most of the cases, users keep ignoring them. They are just like silent killers and cause harm to the device on a slow but steady pace,\" Suresh Deewan, a computer hardware engineer, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13158619", "title": "PIL points out lacunae in e-admission process", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa high court on Tuesday admitted a PIL against the compulsory e-admission system introduced by the state government for admission into Plus-II and Plus-III courses in colleges across the state. The PIL pointed to the lacunae in the system. Earlier, a CAG report had said that the system was \"complex\", \"unfamiliar\" and \"tyrannical\".The petition filed by social activist and former chemistry lecturer Biswabasu Dash stated that the claims made by the state government that the e-admission system would make \"the admission process economical, efficient, hassle-free and transparent\", is false.A student had to pay much lesser in the manual mode because the e-admission system has many hidden costs like travelling to a cybercafe and cost of internet use. Similarly, the claim that e-admission would bring credibility to the system was belied by the CAG report. Besides, the claim that e-admission would reduce the anxiety of students and their parents is not true as unfamiliarity with this high-tech method and need to travel to cyber cafes and SAMS Center have only increased their tension.The department of higher education (DHE) entrusted the Orissa Computer Application Centre (OCAC) with the computerization process. OCAC in turn outsourced the job to Cybertech Software and Multimedia Technologies Pvt. Ltd. The system was introduced in 60 junior colleges for the first time in 2009. But the performance audit of the e-admission in these colleges by CAG revealed flaws in the system.This apart, a large number of seats remained vacant in these colleges and this was mush lesser during the manual admission days. This was because of the complex process of e-admission, the petition alleged. Moreover, even after the flaws were reported in the CAG report in 2010, no corrective steps were taken by the state government, the petitioner alleged.The petitioner further mentioned that the reason for filing the writ application was that as the admission process would begin shortly, the high court must intervene into the matter. Or, else if the state chooses to go ahead with the process of compulsory e-admission, many underprivileged students who have no access to internet facilities shall be irreparably prejudiced. \"The court should also seek explanation about why the compulsory process should not be struck down and to provide a manual decentralized option to the e-admission process and inquire into the \"idle expenses\" as pointed out in the CAG report and fix accountability for the same,\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157834", "title": "Robbers trick jeweler, decamp with Rs 15 lakh-worth jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another robbery case, two masked robbers barged into a shop and decamped with a bag containing jewellery worth nearly Rs 15 lakhs at Jaswant Nagar locality in Vaishali Nagar area on Tuesday.The robbers came up with a new trick to con the shop owner in this crime. The victim, jeweller Ashok Soni, got a phone call in the morning with the unknown caller telling him that his neighbour Sheodan Singh, who also has house close to his shop, was ill.The caller asked him to inform about it to Singh's family and if he could help them in talking with the family over phone. The jeweller was disturbed by the news and as he went to inform about it Singh's house but he left the shop opened. As soon as he left the shop, two masked robbers picked up a bag containing jewellery and decamped with it, police said.\"Prima facie it appears that some person who was aware that the jeweller was taking a bag full of jewellery took advantage. After receiving the phone call, the jeweller was disturbed and did not realize that he kept the shop open,\" a senior police officer of Vaishali Nagar said.After Soni returned, he was stunned to find that the bag containing both finished and unfinished gold jewellery worth Rs 15 lakhs was missing. Some eyewitnesses spotted two masked men on a black motorcycle fleeing with the bag, police said.Police said efforts were on to locate the callers. \"The number which was used in calling the victim is a Delhi number and has been put on surveillance. Though it is switched off, we are trying to locate it,\" the officer said.The primary investigations revealed that robbers had done recce before the act.\"They were aware of when the jeweller use to open the shop and also the place for keeping the jewellery bag after closing the shop as he use to bring this bag to put the jewellery in the showcase everyday,\" an officer said.\"Efforts were on to locate the robbers and they would be arrested soon,\" Yogesh Goyal, additional deputy commissioner of police (West) who has the charge of DCP(West) said.He maintained that police would not share minor details of the investigation to ensure that the robbers do not get any advantage. \"We are on the job of tracing them. We can't divulge more details of the investigation,\" Goyal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158693", "title": "BWSSB to start grievance redressal meets", "text": "Bangalore: BWSSB will now begin grievance redressal meeting with consumers at service station levels from May 21. The water board also holds adalats at the sub division levels, every month. The consumer redressal will provide consumers with opportunities to raise complaints related to water supply or sewage lines to the junior levels of engineers in thseir neighbourhood. Each sub-division has three or four service stations in their jurisdictions and there are 26 sub-divisions across Bangalore. The dates for the redressal meetings will be announced two days in advance.BWSSB also released a schedule of rates for the financial year 2012-13, for the first time on Tuesday. This will benefit the water board officials to chart out the costs of civil and electrical works taken up during a financial year as also in estimation of costs for future projects. The schedule will also have recommendations and estimations of projects taken up jointly by the water board and the other governmental agencies, primarily-Public Works Department and the Irrigation Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13159731", "title": "Brooks charged in phone-hack case", "text": "LONDON: News Corporation's former British head Rebekah Brooks (43) and her husband, Charlie, (49) were on Tuesday charged with conspiracy \"to pervert the course of justice\" in connection with the phonehacking scandal involving the company's now-defunct News of the World tabloid. Rebekah, a former News Corp boss Rupert Murdoch's close aide dubbed his \"fifth daughter\" , faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment if convicted. She started on the bottom rung of the company but rose to take the top post of the company's British arm - the New International. These are the first criminal charges slapped in connection with the scandal that forced Brooks to resign as News International chief executive in July last year. She was arrested after the tabloid's closure amid public uproar over its reporters hacking the phone of a murdered schoolgirl. At that time Andy Coulson , who later became prime minister David Cameron's communications chief, was the tabloid's editor. Rebekah Brooks has long been known for her clout with British politicians after she became famous as the first woman editor of The Sun in 2003. The latest disclosures of her links have raised questions about the nature of influence the Murdoch empire wielded on British politics. The Brooks couple was charged with trying to hide evidence from police investigating wrongdoing at the tabloid . In all, Rebekah faces three charges, while Charlie, a schoolmate of Cameron, confronts two, including concealing documents and computers from police. Rebekah's former PA Cheryl Carter, News International's security head Mark Hanna , chauffeur Paul Edwards and security consultant Daryl Jorsling would also be charged. \"There is sufficient evidence for there to be a realistic prospect of conviction ..... and I have concluded that a prosecution is required in the public interest,\" said senior prosecutor Alison Levitt. Rebekah reacted angrily. \"We deplore this weak and unjust decision.\" The couple remains on bail. Brooks testified to a press ethics inquiry last week about her close relationship with Cameron. Separately, a judicial commission probing phone-hacking by British newspapers and media ethics has asked Cameron's office to indicate if his now-sacked director of communications Coulson was the only senior press secretary to be spared high-level security vetting. Lord Justice Leveson, who heads the commission , said on Monday evening that he wanted to know if this matter represented \"a smoking gun\" .Hacking Scandal And The Wheels Of JusticeCHARGES AGAINST NEWS OF THE WORLD1When Coulson was the editor, News of the World (NOTW) made illegal payments to cops2NOTW published a story on Prince William's knee injury in 2005 which the royal staff said would not have been possible without accessing their voice-mail . Later, NOTW's royal affairs editor was sentenced to a four-month jail term3In 2009, NOTW reporters were accused of illegally accessing messages from mobile phones of celebrities and politicians while Coulson was editor4Milly Dowler, a 13-year-old schoolgirl who was abducted and murdered in 2002, was also one of NOTW's targets for voice mail interception5NOTW allegedly listened to conversations of families of people killed in the July 7, 2005, bombings in the London transit system6A private detective working for NOTW also believed to have hacked into the phones of bereaved families of members of the British Army killed in Iraq and Afghanistan7NOTW also accused of using unlawful means to interrupt a murder investigation whose two main suspects were linked to the paper. Apparently, NOTW was trying to discredit an investigating police officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158065", "title": "Nagpur airport bags award for Indra system", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport has received a special AAI chairman's award from the ministry of civil aviation for successful installation and commissioning of a new Air Traffic Control (ATC) automation system 'Indra' at the airport. The officials of Airport Authority of India (AAI), under the leadership of airport director Ashok Kumar Verma, have recently made the new system, imported from Spanish company Indra, operational here.Talking to TOI, Verma said that the new system would increase efficiency, reduce chances of mishaps and human error, and ensure complete radar coverage. Nagpur was chosen for the first installation due to its central location and the fact that it guides the movements of over 650 aircraft that pass over from Nagpur controlled airspace from Europe, Middle East and Africa to South East and East Asia and most of the domestic traffic from North to South and East to West.With the new system, aircraft would be in continuous contact with the ATC while transiting from Nagpur airspace. ATC can direct the pilots to ascend in case the flight is losing height to avoid mid air collision. The new system has facilitated direct routing of planes instead of detouring which will help planes to be separated by 40 nautical miles instead of 80 nautical miles. It ultimately will help in reducing flight timings and saving fuel to the tune of 1.28 crore litres per year, Verma said.With Indra, Nagpur has been connected to Bhopal and Hyderabad airports through radars and is slated to be connected with Jharsuguda in Orissa and Ahmedabad radars soon, he said. This will further facilitate larger coverage up to Jaipur in north to Bangalore in south and Vishakhapattanam in east to Aurangabad in the west, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13160427", "title": "Sexual harassment case against Andhra varsity professor", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Andhra University was embroiled in a controversy when a professor and a teaching associate reportedly sought sexual favours from a girl student and a scholar. Parents of one of the victims filed a complaint with the varsity authorities on Monday . The matter came to light on Tuesday after the university handed over the matter to the women redressal cell for an inquiry.A professor in meteorology and oceanography department allegedly harassed an M Tech (atmospheric sciences) student a week ago, who immediately informed the matter to her parents. \"We have asked the women redressal cell to look into the matter,\" rector PVGD Prasada Reddy told TOI.Earlier, a student had complained against the same professor and a teaching associate alleging that they sought sexual favours from her. However, AU Science College principal V Veeraiah said that he has not received any complaint so far.There were several allegations of sexual harassment against some of the teaching faculties earlier. Four teaching faculties of AU Pharmacy College were named in a CBI chargesheet recently for favouring private colleges and extending affiliations to them in violation of MCI norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13159876", "title": "Denied shot at prez race, DSK sues maid for $1m", "text": "NEW YORK: Disgraced former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Khan has filed a $1 million countersuit against a hotel maid who accused him of sexual assault, citing that her allegations had cost him a shot at running for French presidency.A year after the scandal broke out, the former socialist presidential frontrunner accused the maid, Nafissatou Diallo, of \"knowingly and intentionally making a false report to law-enforcement authorities\" that cost him his job, New York Post reported.Strauss-Khan claimed that the \"malicious and wanton false allegation\" damaged his reputation worldwide and caused him to lose \"other professional opportunities\" . The countersuit filed in Bronx SC, did not specify the job prospects , but, in other court papers, he said \"that he 'was considered by some to become next French president'\" .The suit charges Diallo with malicious prosecution , abuse of process, false imprisonment, defamation and intentional infliction of emotional distress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13158561", "title": "6 held in Mapusa for gambling", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa police raided an illegal gambling place at Aldona on Monday night and arrested six people. Acting on a tip-off, Mapusa police raided a shop and caught Santosh Chodankar, Minino Piedade Pinto , Vilas Ghadi, Balaji Mandrekar, Harichandra Satelkar and Dimmy D'Souza red-handed. They are all residents of Aldona and Nachinola and were caught gambling with cards.The police have confiscated the playing cards and seized 5,600 in cash.All the accused were arrested and later released on bail. Police have registered the case under Sections 3 and Section 4 of Goa Public Gambling Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13159620", "title": "Municipal corporation water team at receiving end of residents ire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of Sector 35, while complaining of perennial low water pressure, vented their ire on the visiting team of municipal corporation's (MC) water supply and sewerage disposal committee on the first day of their field visit. This problem was confirmed in many houses by the committee members, when the water pressure was checked using pressure meters. It was decided to dig up the pipes to remove anything clogging them. This practice was started in Chandigarh from Sector 35D on Tuesday when the team comprising councillor Mukesh Bassi, executive engineer (XEN) Anil Bansal, SDO Jaspal Singh, JEs Dheeraj and Yashpal Sharma went to some of the houses.The team asked the residents if their tanks got filled up, to which some said that they did, while others complained that it's only once in the morning that the water reaches the tanks placed on the third floor (the top floor).President of the sector welfare association of Sector 35 C and D, Amarjeet Singh rued that like many other residents, he was also having to put up with water shortage.Councillor Bassi said that the field visit was an initiative to meet the residents and discuss their problems on the spot. Bansal said that they have identified the rows of houses, where the problem of low water pressure is there. The committee found that there were houses where water came at a low pressure. The MC officials were surprised to find that in one instance while a house was getting pressure of 15 'degree,' the house adjoining it was getting the pressure of 9 degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160159", "title": "Wakf Board, govt set on collision course", "text": "HYDERABAD: Miffed with the AP State Wakf Board for passing a 'confidential' resolution barring its officials from handing over any files to the minority welfare department, officials from the government department say that the move would bring down transparency in the working of the board and further widen the divide between the board and the department.What has both tickled and irked Secretariat officials is a letter from M A Ghaffar, chief executive officer of the Wakf Board, to the minorities welfare department. The letter stated that the files, asked for by a former secretary of the department , were being 'photocopied' to be sent. But all 'copying activities' were suspended as soon as the 'confidential' resolution was made. The files never found their way to the department. Sources say that the board and the state government were locked in a state of perennial conflict and that resolution number 139/2012 was passed recently in order to protect Wakf Board officials from corruption and irregularities probes ordered by the minorities welfare department (MWD). They added that the resolution came into effect when the said former secretary to the MWD had asked for files for scrutiny so that suspected irregularities could be checked.The board resolution has created a flutter in the government department with many officials claiming that the board did not have the authority to do so and that it is trying to create an institution within an institution . While they admit that the board is autonomous, it still comes under the MWD. An official on the condition of anonymity said, \"According to the Wakf Act of 1995, the Wakf Board should furnish any file as and when called for and that the state government can give general or specific directions and that the board must comply with such directions .\"Officials also noted that administration and political setup too were in the process of 'thoroughly analysing' if the Wakf Board indeed possesses the requisite authority to pass a resolution prohibiting sending of any files to the government. However, most officials were of the opinion that it didn't .Further, they said that they were short staffed to look into and scrutinise any Wakf Board agendas and minutes of meetings and pointed to tacit collusion between the political set-up and the board. Another official requesting anonymity said that of the eight sections in the minorities welfare department, only three were fully functional. \"We agree that the Wakf Board is an autonomous body, but it is answerable to the government. Such resolutions will only increase the trust deficit between the two bodies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160188", "title": "Track-doubling work between Bangalore and Mysore will get over by June 2014", "text": "MYSORE: The track-doubling work between Bangalore and Mysore is expected to be completed in the next two years. The project, launched in 2008, was to build the double track by 2011-end, but it got delayed owing to land acquisition. With the state government planning a Mysore-Bangalore bullet train, the focus in back on the double track project.A senior railway official told TOI that they plan to open the double-track line by June 2014. \"The land acquisition issues are being addressed now. We faced problem while acquiring 70 acres of land in Mandya district, and the same is being addressed now,\" the official explained, claiming anonymity.The works to build the double track from Ramanagaram to Mysore began in 2007-08 with an estimated cost of Rs 313 crore. However, the cost has now escalated to Rs 600. Sources attribute the rise in the cost to hike in land value and inflation.Some 25,000 people travel on Mysore-Bangalore route daily, and, of this, 75% are Bangalore-bound passengers. \"There has been a rise of 10% passenger traffic on this line in the last five years,\" an official said.According to the sources, double line work from Mysore to Naganahalli, and from Bangalore to Channapatna is through. Out of 139 km, nearly 75 km has been completed, while the rest of the work will be over by June 2014. The state government is bearing 66% of the project cost.Railways sources say that the railways had enough land for track doubling, but there were stretches or points where land acquisition was necessitated for taking up yard work for shunting.The work on the Cauvery Bridge North and South at Srirangapattana is going on rapidly. The sub-structure work of the two bridges across the Cauvery is ready.One of the eight armories of Mysore ruler Tipu Sultan , which lies adjacent to the railway track near Srirangapattana railway station, will soon be shifted to facilitate the track-doubling work. The work of shifting the armory will commence by June-end, and completed in six months.Though track electrification was sanctioned along with track doubling in the 2007-08 railway budget, the foundation is being laid now. The cost of electrification is put at Rs 69.5 crore for the 139-km stretch (at the rate of Rs 50 lakh per km), and it is expected by completed by 2014-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157981", "title": "Now, Mumbai University to send exam papers on email", "text": "MUMBAI: Exam question papers will now be dispatched to all colleges under University of Mumbai electronically.Stung by paper leaks, the University of Mumbai has decided to move away from the conventional method of physically transporting question paper trunks to colleges; from the next exam session, colleges will receive question papers by email and they will be opened in the presence of two students.The Mumbai university will send papers an hour before exam. Moreover, a formal question bank for all subjects will be released by the university.These decisions were taken in a meeting held by the university with principals from affiliated colleges on Tuesday.Director of examination Subhash Deo said the credit and grading system will force the university to re-schedule all exams. Provisional marksheets of BSc (IT) Semester V are online.Meanwhile, fee for all undergraduate courses is likely to rise. Research activities will get a boost as Rs 90 lakh has been set aside for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158740", "title": "Boy behind Terry Fox Run dead", "text": "CHENNAI: Akash Dube, 20, who initiated the Terry Fox Run in Chennai, from his hospital bed in 2009 died of cancer on Tuesday.When he knew he would miss the annual Terry Fox Run to collect funds for cancer research owing to his first treatment schedule in Chennai, he decided to organise the run from his hospital bed under the banner \"Today's research is tomorrow's Cure\".Since then he has organized two subsequent run raising about 50 lakh which was donated for cancer research to the Tata Memorial Cancer Center, Mumbai. The objective of the campaign is to wipe out cancer. It has touched 8 million people so far. His family and friends have vowed to continue this cause in his honour.Akash Dube was a freshman at Stanford University when his cancer relapsed on December 20, 2011. He fought long and hard for five months taking different harsh chemo regimes one after another successively as the cancer didn't respond to the treatment.Even after understanding the slim chance he had, he told his doctors if he was going down he would go down fighting. He volunteered to be put on a trial drug. He put up a heroic fight right till the end in the face of extreme agony. His doctors said it a miracle that he sustained this harsh treatment for so long given his condition, only because of his will power.Akash, who was born in Chennai, will be cremated in Chennai at the Besant Nagar Crematorium on Friday at 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13157841", "title": "Martyr's village students don't have uniforms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid celebrations of freedom fighter Sukhdev's birth anniversary on Tuesday at his co-martyr Bhagat Singh's village, a shocking fact has emerged that nullifies their martyrdom and flies in the face of the government: 80 out of 220 students in the government schools at Bhagat Singh's village Khatkhat Kalan do not even have two set of uniforms and adequate stationary.\"This is a telling commentary on the martyrdom of the great revolutionaries and mocks celebrations of 60 years of Parliament, especially after Right to Education Law has been passed?,\" the man behind the revelation, Ramdayal, told TOI on Tuesday.Out of 220 students in two government schools in Khatkhat Kalan -- where a state-level function to observe martyrdom day is held annually for the last 68 years -- 80 of them did not have uniforms, stationary and other paraphernalia as per a survey conducted by Ramdayal's organization Awareness Mission.The activist, who earlier was a police inspector in Chandigarh, says education ought to be free in Punjab since it was made so in 1986. But only one uniform each was distributed to these students once in 2010. They should have been given at least four set of uniforms each year.With government apathy, the students' interest fizzles out. So high is the drop out rate that only 8% students reach the graduation level, he pointed out.The sorry state of affairs came to the fore when villagers called up Ramdayal after he participated in the martyrdom function on March 23, where he distributed a few books on Bhagat Singh's and Sukhdev relationship among poor students.Every year, Ramdayal decks up 500 girls and boys as Bhagat Singh , distributes books four days before March 23, holds debates, contests and declamations at Khatkhat Kalan. Ramdayal also distributes uniforms, stationary and books as prizes to winners. But this year, certain articles distributed as prize remained in surplus and were distributed among other poor students of the village.Villagers found his contact number from these study materials and urged him to help the poor students wallowing in deprivation. A survey was conducted to shortlist 80 students but ultimately uniforms were arranged for all the 220 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158601", "title": "Nepal plane crash: Old Bandra couple loses both sons", "text": "MUMBAI: A pair of siblings from Bandra who were ardent devotees of Lord Krishna lost their lives in the air crash in Nepal on Monday. Mukesh Handa or Murli Mohan Das was 33 and his younger brother Rakesh or Gagan was 27. Both were active members of the Iskcon order. The brothers were on a pilgrimage, which they planned to end at Pashupatinath. But before that, tragedy struck. \"They were the only children of their parents. Having lost both their sons in the prime of their youth is a big blow to the old couple,\" said Ameya Tandel, a devotee of the Iskcon order who knew the brothers well. \"The parents are in no condition to travel to Nepal, so Iskcon members are bringing the bodies back.\"The last rites are expected to be performed after the repatriation of bodies on Wednesday.Murli was a full-time devotee who designed robes for the idols at Iskcon temple, Chowpatty. He joined the order six years ago and often worked for up to 20 hours a day. \"He would adorn the deity for 12-14 hours, then perform kirtan for three hours and return to serve 50 guests,\" recalled Tandel. \"Before retiring for the day he made sure to perform the ritual of putting the deities to rest.\" Once, despite being down with a fever, Murli did not abandon his duties, Tandel remembered.Many Iskcon devotees said they see a divine pattern in the disaster. \"The Almighty has a plan for all of us and nothing happens without his will. The fact that they lost their lives on a pilgrimage makes even death seem auspicious,\" one devotee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158022", "title": "Maharashtra demands dedicated funds for drought-prone areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam on Tuesday demanded that dedicated funds be set aside for long-term relief measures in areas perennially drought-prone in 15 districts.Kadam said the government had asked the Centre to consider the demand for funds. Advocating the need for making a similar provision even in funds from the state treasury, Kadam said it should be done even if it requires a cut in spending in projects and schemes in other regions.Kadam said this while interacting with newspersons after a meeting of the sub-committee which reviewed drought relief work. The minister and other committee members interacted with local officials via video-conferencing during the meeting.Kadam said a proposal to extend certain drought relief measures to some talukas in Nashik, Pune, Ahmednagar and Sangli, which were originally not included in the list of drought-hit districts, would be placed before the cabinet on Wednesday. Providing statistics on drought-relief work including the number of tankers pressed into service, the amount spent in paying off arrears of electricity bills for water supply and allied schemes in drought hit areas among others, Kadam informed that Ahmednagar, Satara, Sangli and Solapur continued to be the worst hit districts.Meanwhile, during another meeting on water scarcity issues in Mantralaya, legislator Vivek Pandit, who is also the founder of NGO Shramjeevi Sangathan, demanded formulation of a master plan for water conservation in Jawahar, Mohkhada, Shahapur, among others. A demand for waiver of 10% funding need from locals in these tribal areas for water supply schemes was also made and so was to demand to engage independent experts for training locals in water conservation. Ganesh Naik, guardian minister, Thane, said assured that these demands would be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13157476", "title": "Professors boycotting SGAU evaluation face action", "text": "AMRAVATI: Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University (SGAU) will serve show-cause notices to the professors boycotting paper evaluation work.Professors are agitating under the banner of Maharashtra Federation of College and University Teachers Organization (MFUCTO) to highlight the various demands, including payment of outstanding dues of the sixth pay commission recommendations. As part of the agitation, the professors in colleges affiliated to the university have boycotted paper evaluation from February 21. The issue was taken up with higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope recently.There are over 3,000 professors in SGAU whose boycott has crippled the evaluation work. As it would also affect the schedule of examination result, the university has decided to crack down on the professors.Controller of examination BR Waghmare said that the university was mulling action against the professors and show-cause notices would be served to them. The evaluation of engineering and pharmacy is going on smoothly as professors of these streams have not joined the boycott. But evaluation in other fields has been badly affected, he said.Executive member of MFUCTO Subhash Gavai said that their demand was fair as professors working in colleges affiliated to SGAU were denied payment of arrears of the pay commission recommendations which was a breach of Article 14 of the Constitution. He said the government was urged to give a written assurance for payment of outstanding dues, but that was not done. The boycott would continue till a written assurance is received, he said.Meanwhile, Indian NET/SET Association started evaluation work from Monday, giving the much-needed relief to the university administration. 31 NET/SET lecturers have been rendering services. Kamlakar Payas of the association said that members of the association would meet the vice-chancellor on Wednesday to appeal him to take the services of NET/SET contributory lecturers for evaluation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13159335", "title": "Janamaithri project: A helping hand to those who are living alone", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: In a bid to ensure the protection and extend a helping hand to those who are living alone and the families headed by women, Alappuzha North Police and Alappuzha Municipality have started a novel initiative for them under Janamaithtri project.Municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido said the municipality and the police have set up a committee to roll out a list of such people.\"Residence association's representatives, municipal officials, ward councillors and police officials are the members of the committee. The committee has classified the municipality into 8 zones and now are collecting the details of the people who are living alone,'' Mercy said.\"After preparing the list, we will visit their homes at least twice a week. Take them to hospitals, buy vegetables, other essential articles and medicines for them if they are unable to go outside of their homes. The phone numbers of police and committee members will also be given to them and they can contact them anytime, whenever they need any help,'' North police station circle inspector S Ajay Nath said.\"Alappuzha North Police Station is a Janamaithri Police Station of the district. On Saturday, we held a meeting with the Alappuzha municipal officials and residence associations to start various programmes under the Janamaithri project and thus we have decided to launch this programme,'' Ajay Nath said.Apart from this scheme, we also constituted people vigilance committees on Saturday to conduct night patrolling along with the police to prevent theft, illegal alcohol trading and also catch the drug peddlers and anti -social elements,'' sub-inspector A Faisal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13159225", "title": "New bridge planned over Kollidam to ease traffic", "text": "TRICHY: Finally, a four-lane 800-metre-long bridge will be constructed across the Kollidam at a cost of Rs 81 crore. The new bridge will hive off at the Chennai - Trichy highway after Samayapuram tollgate and lead to Thiruvanaikaval. Once completed, it will smoothen the flow of traffic from the highway to Trichy city, particularly to Chathram bus stand through Thiruvanaikaval.Unlike the 1836-built bridge across the Kollidam at Anaikarai near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district where cracks developed in May 2009 and which was subsequently opened to traffic by chief minister Jayalalithaa on January 6 this year following renovation for Rs 6.21 crore, the Thiruvanaikaval bridge over the Kollidam had been declared condemned in 2005. The Kollidam splits from the main branch of the Cauvery at the island of Srirangam, and this bridge connects the temple town to mainland Trichy.Highway officials said since the bridge had been declared weak and unusable by an expert committee as early as 1982, it was closed to traffic except for pedestrians. There was a proposal to temporarily strengthen the surface of the bridge by applying tar so that at least two-wheelers could pass through, many objected to this idea saying the bridge was too weak to sustain such a makeover. However, it was finally repaired so as to make the uneven surface levelled, after which light vehicles were allowed. It was at this time that the then collector T Soundiah submitted a proposal to the government after holding consultations with the Road Safety Council.Ironically, the bridge was used by all kinds of vehicles all along including milk vans in the morning, with the help of conniving policemen. Sometimes, even heavy vehicles used this road after paying off policemen in order to avoid a detour.Though the decision of the chief minister to build a new bridge alongside the existing, dilapidated one was hailed, consumer organizations including the South Indian Consumer Protection Association and president of the Tamil Nadu Bus Operators Federation Dharmaraj told TOI that the four-way lane should be extended up to Cauvery bridge to avoid bottlenecks. For instance, after crossing over the proposed bridge en route to Thiruvanaikaval, the rest of the road leading to Trichy Chatram bus stand is punctuated with potholes. A narrow bridge over the rail line in Periyar Nagar prevents heavy vehicles from easily crisscrossing. There are also a section of people who think that unless the city's traffic woes are redressed in time, the four-lane bridge could pour in such a volume of traffic which the city cannot handle.Divisional engineer of the highways department Ambedkar told TOI that there was already a proposal to make the entire stretch from Samayapuram tollgate to Cauvery bridge at the Ammamandapam junction a four-way as it had been all along.M Sekaran, president of the Federation of Consumer and Service Organizations, said if all encroachments in the city were not removed, no number of bridges would be able to regulate traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "boston", "code": "13162048", "title": "Governor Patrick celebrates Asian Pacific Heritage Month", "text": "BOSTON: Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick today proclaimed the month of May to be Asian Pacific Heritage Month during a celebration in the State House. Governor Patrick was joined by members of the Governor's Asian American Commission, elected officials and members of the Asian Pacific American community.\"Asian Pacific Heritage Month recognizes Massachusetts' rich history of diversity. As we celebrate our differences, it is important that we turn to each other and recognize that these differences make a stronger, and more vibrant commonwealth,\" Patrick said.Speaking on the occasion, lieutenant governor Timothy Murray , said: \"Throughout the month of May, there are events occurring across the state to celebrate Asian Pacific Heritage Month.\"During the Patrick-Murray administration's first term, governor Patrick created the Governor's Asian American Commission charged with keeping the administration apprised of issues and concerns relating to the Asian American community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panchkula/chandigarh", "code": "13159625", "title": "Houses coming up in lake area will be razed", "text": "PANCHKULA/CHANDIGARH: Many houses and upcoming flats with up to four bedrooms in parts of Punjab, Haryana and UT falling in the catchment area of Sukhna Lake that were constructed after March 14, 2011 face the bulldozer in the light of Monday's ruling of the Punjab and Haryana high court. The catchment area includes parts of Kansal, Nayagaon, Saketri, Khuda Ali Sher and Kaimbwala.In Saketri, Panchkula, certain upcoming housing projects by private builders extending into the catchment area would also be affected due to the court's verdict. Officials of Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), Panchkula claimed no construction has ever been allowed in the catchment area. The UT too stated that any construction in the area is unauthorized. Flats and plots worth crores are under construction in the Kansal area and the Punjab and Haryana high court has ordered that those in the catchment area of Sukhna Lake be demolished. Some part of Kansal and Nayagaon falls in the catchment area of the lake.Flats and plots ranging between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1.25 crore are being constructed in Kansal village. Construction by around four to five builders is going on in that area.And now many people whose houses are coming up in the catchment area are a worried lot.Raj Kumar, whose brother has a plot in that part of Kansal which falls in Sukhna Lake's catchment area said, \"It was only after the administration gave clearance that construction activities started there. It should have known that the land is part of Sukhna's catchment area.\"Panchkula district town planner (DTP) said, certain builders had applied for licence, which would not be considered now in the wake of the HC order. \"In case of one project, a small portion of it falls in the catchment area. Certain builders have applied for licence which will not be considered following the orders,\" said Panchkula DTP, Hitesh Sharma.\"We did not allow any construction in the catchment area of Sukhna Lake. A recreational park is being created in Sakteri that forms a small part of Sector 1, Mansa Devi complex, Panchkula,\" said HUDA estate officer, Panchkula, Ashwini Sharma.UT, conservative, wildlife, Santosh Kumar said, \"Some parts of two areas of Khuda Ali Sher and Kaimbwala fall in the restricted area but the UT administration had never allowed construction in these areas.\"Mohali DC Varun Roojam, said, he has not gone through the judgment and added, \"We'll have to follow the court's orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13158606", "title": "Seven arrested for attempt to rob tourists at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police on Monday arrested seven persons for attempting to rob a group of tourists from Malegaon.Police said that the seven were caught red-handed by members of the public when they attempted to rob the belongings of a group of tourists who had kept it on the beach and were enjoying a bath in the sea.Samadhan Suryawanshi, 23, from Malegaon, Nasik-Maharashtra, had started out on May 5 from his home along with a group of seven others friends and relatives. They first visited Hyderabad, Tirupati, Kanyakumari and Shimoga. On Monday, they arrived in Goa and headed to Calangute beach for a dip in the sea. At around 3.30pm, they undressed and kept all their belongings together at a spot next to the lifeguard tower and proceeded into the water for a bath. At around 4.30pm, they noticed some commotion on the beach and realized that there was a group of people at the spot where they had left their belongings. When they came onshore and reached the spot, they found that a group of seven persons had attempted to rob their belongings and flee.But, some alert members of the public who had observed the tourists leaving their belongings behind, apprehended the culprits red-handed. Meanwhile, a police team also arrived on the spot and took the seven culprits into custody. They were later arrested.Those arrested are Vikram Parmar, Devchand Salunke, Ravi Shelke, Suraj Shelke, Rajhans Bhosle, Subhas Vani and Kunal Rathod. Further investigation is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158299", "title": "11 months on, work still in progress in Gurgaon", "text": "Eleven months after 35 councillors were elected to represent their respective wards, the experience of the voters has been disappointing. With promises and propagandas ranging from removal of house tax to providing better garbage collection to improving infrastructure like roads and power, these councillors, according to many, have proved a failure. As an instant solution to being visible, most councillors took to civil works - mainly building of roads - which might have brought temporary relief to the voters.To add to this, the lack of a strong Opposition in the House dilutes the questions which need to be raised when the ruling group is deviating from its main duties and agendas.Even the mayor (ward 4), senior deputy mayor (ward 12) and deputy mayor (ward 6), all of whose wards are part of old Gurgaon, have failed to make a difference. Their report cards show maximum expenditure incurred in civil works in these three wards but the ground reality is a different story altogether.The most recent instance was MCG officials demolishing illegal constructions in New Colony, where all the owners claimed to be close associates or kin of the senior deputy mayor, Yashpal Batra. Batra has lost face after that episode among his supporters who doubt both his position and power in the MCG.On the MCG's official website, there is a list of over 109 projects awarded and 69 completed in various wards and under different heads. However, the list itself has anomalies and includes pending projects or those which have failed to take off while their deadlines have been long over.Take the glaring example of an under-construction building in Kadipur village on Pataudi Road which has been designated for a new office of Mayor Vimal Yadav. The Rs 76.57 lakh project has been completed up to 84%, according to the website, with a payment of Rs 64.23 lakh. However, the site has a bare skeletal structure (corresponding to not over 50% of overall work while its deadline was over in November 26 last year. The contractor, Dal Singh Atri could not be reached on his mobile. According to N D Vaishisht, executiveengineer, the payment decides the percentage of work completed. \"The work would take another three months. The delay can be attributed to a change in the initial plan in the parking space in the building,\" said Vaishist.What is also interesting is the fact that the mayor's office will be pushed further into the old city which might make it tough for visitors to reach him.Another example is of a project of constructing a metalled link road connecting Gwalpahari (new) community centre to the Gurgaon-Faridabad Road in Ward 32. The project was has been awarded to a private contractor (Sohan Lal Aggarwal) at a cost of Rs 44.16 lakh. The road work was awarded on October 12 last year and the deadline was January 11 this year. However, as per the MCG website the work on this project is \"0%\" complete.According to Raman Sharma, the executive engineer designated supervisor for the work, the website shows no progress since the MCG was busy removing electric poles and filling creeks on the stretch. \"No payments have been made to the contractor so far,\" confirmed Sharma.According to Sharma, contractors who fail to deliver are sent \"notices\" and then are penalized if need be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159126", "title": "Students get early vacation, teachers to slog on", "text": "KOLKATA: The scorching heat may have provided an early summer break for school students but there will be no respite for teachers and non-teaching staff of government and government-aided schools. They will have to attend school till May 19, when summer vacations were to start as per schedule.On Monday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had asked education minister Bratya Basu to bring forward the school summer vacation to Tuesday. But a circular to this effect was sent to schools only on Tuesday afternoon. This delay led to some confusion as school headmasters could not tell teachers what to do.\"Declaring early vacations was a very good step as the children were suffering in the heat. However, the government should have issued a circular immediately. Teachers and non-teaching staff came to me after the announcement on Monday and said that they wouldn't attend school from Tuesday as there is no circular. At the same time, some teachers who went for their BEd course pointed out that they would get into trouble if they didn't attend school from Tuesday,\" a headmaster said.The BEd course ended on Tuesday and it is mandatory for them to attend school from Wednesday to prevent a break in service. Normally, if classes are not held, teachers are to be marked present once they sign the attendance register. But there would have been a problem had the regular teachers stopped attending school, the principals said.\"We could have kept the offices open only for those completing their BEd. But this would have resulted in the regular teachers being marked absent for the next few days. This would have created a major problem as they would have objected. At the same time, if the BEd teachers were not allowed to sign, they would suffer a break in their service. Those in the office of the district inspector of schools could not suggest any solution,\" a principal from a south Kolkata school said.According to sources, there could be nearly 1,000 teachers who completed their BEd courses on Tuesday and will appear for the exams later this month. Nearly half of those who enroll for Bed are already working in a school and have got permission to complete their training.\"We can't allow anybody to have a break in service on such technical grounds. Moreover, the vacation has been brought forward only for students and not for the teachers or non-teaching staff. A circular to this effect has been issued,\" said Bikram Sen, school education secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13158549", "title": "HSC evaluation deadline extended", "text": "CUTTACK: The deadline for evaluation of answer sheets of matriculation examination has once again been extended.The evaluation process was expected to be completed on Tuesday, but the Board of Secondary Education has failed to complete the work within the stipulated time. The deadline has been extended to May 18. This, however, will not delay the publication of results, the board assured.\"Out of 71 evaluation centres in the state, the evaluation process has not been completed at seven, due to some problems. We have asked them to complete the work by May 18,\" said Nihar Ranjan Mohapatra, secretary of the board.\"There is nothing to worry at all as except the seven centres, evaluation of answer sheets at other places has been completed. We have also started the work of tabulation of marks from Tuesday,\" added the secretary.The board has plans to publish the matriculation result by the last week of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157699", "title": "Noida farmhouse scheme under UP govt scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday ordered an inquiry into the irregularities brought to light in the allotment of farmhouses in Noida. Taking a serious view of the anomalies, government has asked Noida Development Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur to submit his report in seven days.Confirming the development, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said: \"In this case, agricultural land was acquired and then allotted for the purpose of building farmhouses. This is a clear violation of the industrial development policy, which mandates that land can only be acquired for industrial development projects.''According to a preliminary report of the anomalies in Noida that has been submitted to the state government, the former Bahujan Samaj Party regime allotted about 150 farmhouses of 10,000 sq metres each to 120 companies and 29 individuals applicants. The companies and individuals in possession of the land holdings have, however, constructed motels, banquet halls and swimming pools on the farm land.Under the original farmhouse scheme, agricultural land was meant to be acquired for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan for 2021. For this, the state government even pressed into service the controversial Emergency Clause to ensure the land was acquired quickly and without inviting any objections from the public. In the process, agricultural land was acquired from 12 villages in Noida, including Asadullahpur, where acquisition was cancelled by the Allahabad high court.Irregularities are not limited to allotment of land; allotment rates were also lowered to benefit individuals and companies, causing the state exchequer a loss of an estimated Rs 150 crore. In addition, the state government even ordered illegal construction on green belts, where construction is not permitted. One of former chief minister Mayawati's memorials, the Dalit Prerana Sthal, was first constructed on the green belt at a cost of Rs 54.27 crore; subsequently, following orders of the Supreme Court, an additional Rs 5.5 crore was spent on demolishing it.Even this was not enough. Apart from widespread financial irregularities in construction works, organised corruption was rampant in the engineering department as well. In some cases, double payments were made to companies and contractors for ensuring that electricity wires were laid underground. Also, poor quality pipes were laid under the Gangajal distribution scheme. Systematic corruption in the way the government functioned was also apparent after the election code of conduct came into force in December 2011. By 'back-dating' official entries, the state government continued to sign as many as 60 bonds amounting to nearly Rs 391 crore.Bahadur's report is expected to throw light on the entire range of anomalies in Noida and is also likely to result in a series of FIRs against officials concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159418", "title": "MPs blame merger for Air India\u2019s poor health", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliamentarians slammed the decision to merge Indian Airlines and Air India for the national carrier's sorry state even as civil aviation minister Ajit Singh urged the striking pilots to return to work, warning that the just-approved Rs 30,000 crore bailout was the last chance for AI's survival.Blaming pilots for striking just when the airlines had begun to earn more and government approved a bailout, the minister warned, \"We cannot keep pouring public money into Air India. This is its last chance... It will not survive.\" He asked the pilots to return to work and promised to look into their demands with an open mind.The appeal followed a high-pitched debate on the ailing civil aviation sector in Lok Sabha amid uproar over the ongoing strike on Tuesday. Angry members, led by BJP and CPM, objected to Singh issuing public statements despite Parliament being in session. What got the MPs' goat was the minister advocacy of privatization of AI and his questioning the rationale of government being in the service sector. The members wanted to move a privilege motion, leading to commotion and adjournment in the morning session.With anger spilling out, MPs cutting across partyline blamed the merger of domestic and international fliers for the mess. They demanded a probe into the decision to bring the guilty to account. Similar hostility was shown for the decision to buy 118 aircraft at an enormous investment, despite AI's weak financial condition. Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam even questioned the poor bilateral agreements with other airlines, calling them as signed in haste.BJP's actor-turned-MP Shatrughan Singh asked, \"Why was the merger done? Whether it was in the larger interest of the airlines or in the larger interest of some people?\" BJP MPs quoted Sinha's dialogue in a private conversation to say \"Maharaja has turned a beggar\" (referring to AI logo of Maharaja).Singh, repeatedly heckled during his reply, said AI will not deserve any more money from the government, warning pilots and employees how the airlines may not survive if work culture did not improve. He promised to listen to the grievances of pilots without vendetta. He said Dharmadhikari Commission report to look into employees' issues would not be implemented without discussion with every segment.The minister said while the decision to merge the two carriers had not paid off, it looked a bad move in retrospect but might have appeared sound in 2007. He denied that aircraft were purchased without discussion, saying the then CAG had headed the panel to negotiate the deal while it was followed by an EGoM.He advocated liberalization, saying it would help bring in foreign airlines to participate in aviation sector since they had technical and management expertise and global reach. He said the government planned to give subsidy to airlines that would fly to smaller centres.The members widened the debate to discuss the state of airports. MPs from Bihar, Kashmir, Karnataka called their airports dangerous and sought expansion. BJP's Nishikant Dubey slammed DIAL and MIAL who are airport operators in Delhi and Mumbai for charging exorbitant user fees and called them hub of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13158669", "title": "Metro court lawyers defy high court's no-vacation order", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The scorching heat has resulted in a kind of defiance on part of lawyers to the decision of the Gujarat high court, which has mandated the metropolitan court to work during this summer.The HC has cancelled special summer leave for 10 days that was granted till last year to each of the metropolitan magistrate during summer vacation. The decision does not seem to have gone down well with the advocate fraternity. The Ahmedabad Criminal Bar Association on Tuesday passed a resolution to stay away from court proceedings for a month, except in urgent matters.Vice-president of the bar association, advocate Bharat Shah explains, \"We have decided not to participate in court proceedings from May 15 to June 15 except in urgent criminal matters, which include bail and remand proceedings. And when there is no lawyer in court, there is no chance of any court proceeding with any trial.\"The Bar association members said that it is very difficult for them to work during summer and in order to avoid difficulty on part of lawyers as well as litigants, they have decided to stay away from trial. \"In the earlier arrangement when magistrates used to go on 10-day leave, the courts used to function in its half capacity and lawyers used to get 20-day vacation. The recent decision by the higher judiciary has snatched the benefit of lawyers,\" advocate Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157281", "title": "Cabin fire: Probe blames signalling and electrical departments", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-member committee appointed by Central Railway to probe last month's fire in signalling cabins at Kurla and Vidyavihar has blamed the signalling and electrical departments for the incident.The panel conducted by officials of the safety, electrical and signaling department submitted its report to CR general manager Subodh Jain on Tuesday.A source said, \"While the panel has primarily blamed the signaling and telecommunication department for the incident, it has also pointed the finger at the electrical department for not laying the cable one meter below the ground at the site as per the prescribed norm.\"According to the probe report, the signaling and telecom department finished laying cable at the site around 5pm on April 17.An electrical cable was damaged because of the digging carried out by the signaling and telecommunication department to lay cables. This resulted in a short circuit and subsequent fire in Kurla and Vidyavihar. The electrical department has been held responsible as it had not laid the cable one meter below the ground in 2009.Due to puncturing of cable that carried 1500 volt Direct current (DC) power, the current leaked via the adjoining signalling cable, which runs between the signalling cabins between Kurla and Vidyavihar.The panel has recommended that high tension cable should not be laid underground to prevent a repeat of such incidents. Jain is yet to accept the report findings.The incident caused few crores of rupees loss to CR due to damage to equipment and loss of business as freight traffic remained suspended traffic for five days. Around 68 signal stopped working in the affected stretch, forcing CR to run only 70 per cent of its services on April 18 and 85 per cent on April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13159424", "title": "Cash reward against absconding criminals", "text": "KANPUR: The police announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 each on three criminals absconding after committing crime in the recent past.The police said that Kallu, a resident of Gwaltoli, wanted in connection with the kidnapping-cum-murder of Amit alias Chunnar of the same area on April 8, 2011, is absconding. Guddu alias Rehan and Sahib-e-Alam, residents of Chhotey Miyan Ka Hata in Colonelganj, wanted in connection with the murder of an alleged history-sheeter Saeed Natey of the same area on March 27, 2011, have been declared as proclaimed offenders.\"Several summons were served at the residences of the three accused but they did not turn up for hearing, after which district police declared them as proclaimed offenders,\" DIG Amitabh Yash said.The police have already arrested six accused in connection with the murder of Saeed Natey under Sections 302/147/148/149 of the Indian Penal Code.\"Only Rehan and Sahib-e-Alam are to be arrested in the broad daylight murder of Natey,\" Yash added.The police have arrested three accused in connection with the kidnapping-cum murder of Amit alias Chunnar, who was kidnapped from his house in Gwaltoli and later murdered by four persons, including Kallu of the same area.\"A case under Sections 364/302/201 of the IPC had already been lodged against him and three others with the Colonelganj police,\" Yash said.A police officer said that there is a special provision of funds through which such rewards are announced. The director general of police has powers to sanction such rewards.Girl fall into pit, dies: three-year-old girl died after falling into a pit meant for collection of trash at a leather unit in Jajmau in Chakeri on Tuesday morning. The body of Saba, daughter of Nizam, a tannery worker, was found at the bottom of the pit in a tannery.Investigators are still looking into how she toppled into the deep pit, but it is thought she may have been trying to take out the trash. Her elder sister noticed Saba missing and raised an alarm.An autopsy revealed that the girl died of multiple injuries from the fall. Her death was described as an accident by the Chakeri police.Nizam said that the trash pit is deep enough to claim a child's life.The incident possibly took place while Saba was playing outside her house and later went near the deep pit. She might have accidentally slipped and fell into the pit. The child was taken out from the pit and rushed to a nearby hospital but she died on way.Arrested: Mohammad Salim of Chamanganj area was arrested with 90 pouches of smack.Elsewhere, Ashok Kumar Vishwakarma of Makhi in Unnao was arrested with 250 gm of 'charas'.The Kotwali police arrested Rajesh Chaurasia of Naubasta on charges of playing 'satta'. Similarly, the Govind Nagar police arrested Virendra and 12 others on charges of gambling.Liquor seized: Ratiram of Raipur Kathar in Sachendi was arrested with 10 litres of illicit liquor. All the arrested persons were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "13158602", "title": "Jumbo crushes 3 to death in Sundargarh", "text": "ROURKELA: A wild tusker has been creating havoc in Sundargarh district. Three persons have reportedly been killed by the elephant in the district in the past few days and people are spending sleepless nights fearing further attacks.The tusker, who is said to have been separated from his herd in Bamara forest area, has been spreading menace in Sundergarh, Balisankara and Subdega areas of the district since the past one-and-half months, One Dasaru Majhi (60) of Khamapur village under Balisankara block has been the latest victim of the tusker. At midnight on May 13, Dasaru and his family members were sleeping in their house when the animal entered their hut, destroying it and crushing Dasaru to death.The elephant also crushed Alko Barua of Kaensjor village to death on May 10 and one Ketrina Bud, an old woman of Goyasukha village, on May 11. Earlier, it killed one Ganesh Hota, who was working as a driver of Sundergarh divisional forest officer, about one-and-half months ago, when Hota, along with other forest officials, was attempting to drive away the elephant from the area.\"We have requested the forest department to look for a permanent solution to this menace,\" said Damayanti Pradhan, sarpanch of Rampur gram panchayat.Local forest officials have been spending sleepless nights attempting to track the movement of the tusker as elephants normally move about during night time. \"Besides tracking the movement of the elephant, we are also consulting with wild life experts to control the elephant, which has caused three deaths in the past week,\" said Sundergarh DFO Arjun Behera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158120", "title": "Councillors slam lack of preparedness", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly constituted East Delhi Municipal Corporation will hold its first meeting in a 'tent' on Thursday. The civic body has hired a tentwallah to make arrangements for the meet at a park within the Udyog Bhawan premises.S S Yadav, the corporation's commissioner, however, said the auditorium, even in its present condition, was a better venue for a house meeting than a tent. \"There are inconveniences. For instance, there are no desks or a proper sitting arrangement for councillors. But we have made arrangements like providing 20 hand-held mikes and will be deploying personnel in each row for carrying these mikes. For the mayor, commissioner and other senior officials, chairs will be placed on the stage of the auditorium,\" he said.But many councillors are questioning the lack of preparedness. \"Why did Delhi government go ahead with the trifurcation proposal when the infrastructure is not in place? There is utter chaos. It is like placing the cart before the horse,\" said BJP councillor Preeti.In contrast, the North corporation will conduct its first house meeting on Wednesday at a well-furnished, air-conditioned meeting hall inside the Civic Centre. And while the East councillors complain about basic facilities, their counterparts in North Delhi are expected to move a motion giving themselves laptops and mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160234", "title": "Most International Container Transshipment Terminal evictees still without a roof over their head", "text": "KOCHI: The manner in which the land for Vallarpadom International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) was acquired was controversial. The evictees are still running from pillar to post to get the rehabilitation package implemented, as the UDF that has been in office for almost a year now, failed to keep its promise.Of the 316 families evicted for the ICTT project four years ago, only 16 could build houses on the land given to them. The remaining have been allotted plots which do not have roads, water and electricity. \"The government is still unable to provide road, electricity and water connectivity to the plots offered to the evictees. It has also failed to give the Rs 75,000 offered to each family for developing allotted land. In most cases, the plots allotted are on marshy land,\" said Celestine, leader of Moolampilly Co-ordination Committee. \"The evictees have also not got rent arrears for the last few months,\" he said. Even though it's almost a year since the ICTT project was inaugurated, the government had not kept the promise of providing jobs in the project to one member from the evicted family, he said.The evictees were offered land at Moolampilly, Mulavukad, Kothad, Thuthiyoor, Cheranelloor and Vaduthala. In the land offered at Thuthiyoor, the authorities have dumped the debris of North ROB, and the area has not been cleaned up. In the case of SmartCity evictees too there is no proper road connectivity to plots offered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "13158883", "title": "Trader goes missing, wife claims abduction", "text": "ASANSOL: A Kolkata-based trader has gone missing under mysterious circumstances from Asansol. The victim had checked out of the hotel where he was staying on May 11 but is yet to reach home. who had gone on a trip to Asansol, has been gone missing since under a mysterious circumstance from Asansol on May 11. Since then his family members could not trace him.Though his family members did not rule out the possibility of abduction, they have not yet received any ransom call. are yet to confirm have not confirmed whether they received any ransom call was received or not.Police said that 45-year-old Koushik Dasgupta, a resident of Patuli, frequently visited Asansol for business purposes. He reached Asansol on May 10 Like previous trips, on May 10 he arrived at Asansol and lodged at a Hotel Sradhanjali close to the Asansol Municipal Corporation. According to the complaint lodged by Dasgupta's wife Piyali, she has not been able to contact her husband since the morning of May 11, she could not contact her husband. The hotel records, however, confirmed that Dasgupta stuck to his schedule and checked out on May 11. morning he checked out from the hotel according to his schedule.On Monday, Piyali reached Asansol accompanied by her husband's business associate Subhabrata Dasgupta and lodged a complaint with Asansol South police. She has told police that her husband had visited Asansol last time on April 22this year for business purpose. Both his phones being switched off, the police found both of his cell phones switched off and police has failed to locate him through cell phone tower locations. He stayed at had boarded a Hotel Shradhanjali near Asansol Municipal Corporation on May 10 and checked out on May 11.He is engaged in market survey and chain marketing business, sources said.ADCP (Central) of Asansol - Durgapur Police Comissionerate, Bhaskar Mukherjee said that Asansol South police has already started probe and a team has been sent to Garia for further investigations. \"His wife has lodged a missing diary and we have converted it into an abduction case. However, so far the family has denied receiving any ransom call,\" he added.Chandra Sekhar Bardhan, ACP (DD) of Asansol - Durgapur said the detective department is also probing the case. But he refused to divulge any other details for the sake of the case.Police is yet to achieve any breakthrough in both the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159664", "title": "Mid-day meal workers stage protest demanding regularization, salary hike", "text": "GUWAHATI: Members of the All Assam Mid-Day Meal Workers' Union staged a demonstration in front of the directorate of elementary education at Kahilipara on Tuesday demanding that the government regularize their posts and increase their salaries. Thousands of members are likely to join the demonstration, which is scheduled to continue till Thursday.Biren Sarma, a member of the union said, \"There are around 1,00,305 mid-day meal workers across the state, but their salary is a meager Rs 1,000, which is also not regular. The state government is now planning to privatize the mid-day meal scheme and an NGO, Akshaya Patra will take up the entire programme.\"\"If this happens, many workers will stand a chance to lose their jobs and they do not have an alternative source of living. We want the government to look into the matter and give us a solution,\" Sarma added.He said that almost 500 members from Kamrup, Sonitpur and Jorhat joined the demonstration on Tuesady and more members are expected to join on Wednesday,\" he said.The mid-day meal scheme was started in various government schools to motivate children from poor families to come to school, but most schools in the state are not implementing this scheme and the government has not monitored the scheme properly.Recently, the Assam State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (ASCPCR) conducted a survey on the different schools and it was seen that many schools in Chirang, Dima Hasao and Kamrup were flouting the norms of mid-day meal scheme. Most of these schools had not even appointed a cook.Another member of the union said, \"We request the government to look into our problems, regularize our posts and increase our salaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13159575", "title": "Four information commissioners take oath", "text": "Hyderabad: The four information commissioners on whom a consensus was reached by the chief minister and governor finally took oath on Tuesday evening at Jubilee Hall, Public Gardens. The new commissioners are C Madhukar Raj, S Prabhakar Reddy, M Ratan and P Vijayababu.The event was a low key affair with no political representation. Chief Information Commissioner Jannat Hussain administered the oath ceremony on behalf the governor ESL Narasimhan. The new information commissioners will now undergo a two-week familiarization programme at the Centre for Good Governance after which they will start work in the commission. They are expected to hear pending cases from June-end.Information commissioner posts are on par with the rank of chief secretary and they will hold office for the next five years or till they attain the age of 65 years, whichever is earlier. While Madhukar Raj is an ex-IFS officer, Prabhakar Reddy and Ratan are ex-IPS officers. Vijayababu is a former journalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13157985", "title": "Haryana admits to laxity in monitoring shelter homes", "text": "ROHTAK: Woken up from deep slumber by the shocking revelations about sexual abuse, torture and exploitation of minor girls at an NGO-run shelter home in Rohtak, the state government has admitted to gross laxity in monitoring of shelter homes.Shaken, the state government has also started preparing exhaustive details of shelter homes across the state and its inmates, sources said.The shocking revelations at the Rohtak shelter home have in fact dumbfounded the state authorities, who found it impossible to put up any defence before the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) in a meeting at Delhi on Monday.The NCPCR, which had summoned top officials of Haryana government, along with deputy commissioner and superintendent of police of Rohtak, lashed out at state authorities for their failure to check gross violation of child and woman rights at shelter homes in Rohtak and Gurgaon, where the inmates have been subjected to worse kind of physical and mental exploitation, sources said.NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo, who was among the team which raided the Bharat Vikas Sangh-run shelter home in Rohtak on May 7, told The Times of India that state government officials failed to furnish the exact number of shelter homes and inmates living in these homes in the state.\"They came up with a tentative number of over 100 such homes in which around 5-6 thousand children and women were reportedly staying. They have sought one month's time to compile and furnish the exact details,\" Tikoo said.The commission has directed the state government to strengthen monitoring mechanism to ensure frequent checking and to prevent child and woman rights violations in Haryana.\"Secretaries of health, education, child and woman welfare and police departments must work in tandem to monitor the shelter homes and to take care of the needs of its inmates across the state\", he said.The commission member said they have set a timeframe for the state government to act on specific points and issues concerning the shelter homes and asked them to report back to the commission within a month.Haryana DGP, Ranjiv Dalal, principal secretary, woman and child welfare, Deera Khendelwal and other civil and police officials from Rohtak, Gurgaon and Faridabad districts attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158930", "title": "More multi-level lots won't ease parking burden", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is among several civic bodies in the state inclined to build more multi-level parking facilities. A study by New Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) says otherwise-- that without a clear strategy, expensive parking structures cannot reduce chaos or demand for it in cities.The centre looked at Sarojini Nagar's multi-parking facility as a case study, the conclusions of which are applicable to other places. The report states that cities are in a hurry to build multi-level structured car parks to meet the demand for parking.Parking deficit is cited as a reason to seek more multi-level parking structures. All cities like Delhi think that with proliferation of these structures, the problem of parking crisis and congestion will go away, it added.The need for more parking lots is an indicator of more cars on the road, more petrol consumption and more pollutants in the air. Parking lots create urban heat islands wherein the concrete absorbs and retains the sun's heat than the surrounding ground.\"Cities are clueless about the goals of a parking policy and how multi-level car parks fit into the overall policy paradigm. Global reviews have shown that it is erroneous to think that plentiful supply of off-street parking will automatically reduce and eliminate on-street parking and congestion. Parking strategy will have to be designed differently and conjoined with other demand management measures to make a difference. Most civic bodies find it difficult to make multi-level cars parks work and deliver,\" the report added.In Pune, plans are to construct more multi-storey and mechanized parking lots despite earlier failures. The mechanized parking lot that can house 80 cars on Jungli Maharaj Road built in 2006, is underutilized. The multi-level parking at Mahatma Phule market has not resolved parking issues.New mechanized parking lots at Appa Balwant Chowk, Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati temple and other areas have been approved and the civic body will initiate the tendering process soon.The Union ministry for urban development is also at fault. It has charted infrastructure development plans under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission and included multi-level car parks in its menu for action. In a conventional planning process, it is accepted that parking demand will continue to grow as vehicles grow in numbers and therefore, more parking spaces are needed.The centre observed that multi-level parking is not integrated with the surface area parking for common management. \"Global experience shows that it is not possible to eliminate surface and on-street parking. But a well-managed legal parking area can reduce chaos and also the need for building facilities and investments. It will require carefully designed time variable parking rates for quick turnover of short-term parking on the roadsides and area management,\" the CSE report said.Cities do not ask if multi-level parking is needed, and if they do, how should they be used and managed, the report said. \"Both city-level policies as well as JNNURM parking strategy assume that expansion of off-street multi-level structured parking can take away on-street parking and decongest roads. There is therefore a mad rush to lock up urban spaces to build multi-level car parks, when urban land has other competing uses. Devouring land for parking marginalizes the needs of the urban poor as well,\" the report stated.Policy goals for parkingAccording to the centre, multi-level parking cannot be constructed in a policy vacuum. At one level there is need to restrict their construction to free up land for other competing uses. But wherever necessary a clear pricing and management strategy must be in place before they are constructed.Vivek Chattopadhyay, deputy programme manager of CSE's urban mobility team, said, \"Before embarking on massive investments in parking facilities, cities need to adopt policy goals for parking. The National Urban Transport Policy, as also the Supreme Court of India, have made it clear that a parking policy -- while meeting some parking needs -- will also have to lower personal vehicle travel and urban-peak traffic to reduce congestion, accidents and pollution.\"The available legal parking spaces will have to be utilized to highest efficiency and financial viability. Parking facilities should be multi-use shared amenity to increase efficiency in use of space, time and finances.A management strategy that hinges on charging for parking, stopping parking on walkways, and adding on-street roadway parking can also generate parking surplus. Efficient management strategies for existing parking - both on-street and off-street will be needed to improve efficiency, the report stated.Parking structures will need to reconsider the technology especially if they are located in heavy traffic areas. Automated systems may sound or even look attractive, but are prone to glitches and time delays that eventually affect the usability and attractiveness. It needs very stringent management and operational measures to ensure at least 90 % occupancy during peak hours, the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13159312", "title": "Schedule is a dampener at scenic Dharamsala venue", "text": "DHARAMSALA: At the fag end of the hectic IPL schedule, fagged out cricketers will flit in and flit out of this scenic hill station, without much time to enjoy its beauty.The city will host two matches in three days, on May 17 and 19, with Punjab taking on Chennai first and then ending their league campaign against Delhi.The hectic schedule means that the teams may not even be able to get a regular practice on the eve of the match, leave alone having a dekko of the scenic places nearby.Chennai, who were playing in Kolkata on Monday, have at least a day in hand to reach the venue via Delhi on Tuesday itself. The hosts Punjab were busy playing Delhi on Tuesday night and will reach the town only on Wednesday afternoon, getting barely 24 hours to acclimatize to the rarefied, hilly conditions.Delhi have the tightest of schedules. After playing on Tuesday at home, they travel to Bangalore for a game on Thursday night and rush to Dharamsala for their last match on Saturday.In a matter of five days, Delhi will be involved in three crucial matches in three different venues. And that will no means be the end of their journey. Thereafter, they will be in the playoffs and hopefully into the final, scheduled on May 27 in Chennai.There is no doubt that the IPL schedule is hectic and leaves players with little time to rest. But for a stadium situated at about 5000 feet, it would require at least a couple of days to get acclimatized to the rarefied conditions. Thought in the past, teams have not made it much of an issue.\"Yes, if it were a five-day game, it would have been an issue. But in slam-bang T20 game which ends in three hours flat, it would not make much of a difference,\" Kumar Sangakkara, Hyderabad skipper, had said last season about the lack of time to acclimatize to the conditions.Having played at the venue in last two seasons, Adam Gilchrist says it is a novel experience to play at the beautiful venue. With the players dashing in and out of Dharamsala, they may well be tempted to recite Robert Frost's words in Stopping By Woods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13159037", "title": "Denied medal, Tejdeep storms into CS chamber", "text": "Hyderabad: There was high drama at the Secretariat late on Tuesday evening after additional director general of police Tejdeep Kaur Menon barged into the chambers of chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi and sought to know why her name had been deleted from the list of police officers recommended for the award of Indian Police Medal (IPM) by the state government.This was after a meeting of the recommendations committee earlier in the evening that decided to hold her name back as there was an inquiry against her by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) for her actions in the legal metrology department a few years back. The committee chaired by Pankaj Dwivedi had director general of police Dinesh Reddy, principal secretary, general administration department , Ajay Mishra among others. Reddy, whose police department had put up the names however said at the meeting that there were no records to suggest that an inquiry had ever been instituted against Tejdeep. Dwivedi clearly on the back-foot after being confronted by the impulsive Tejdeep asked for detailed records to check whether the lady cop's name was there on the list of those being investigated by the ACB.Tejdeep's missive comes in what is the latest of the IPS complaint against Dwivedi. Although no police officer has mustered courage to confront the chief secretary, there is a disquiet in the IPS ranks for the perceived step-motherly treatment by the civil bureaucracy. Cops are miffed as the IPS officers have not been getting timely promotions while IAS officers are not denied the same. Although the IPS lobby has a perpetual grouse at the treatment meted out to them by the IAS lobby, they feel that they are getting a raw deal under the present dispensation. When contacted, Tejdeep sought to downplay the incident: \"Yes I had called on the chief secretary. Our meeting was cordial and the chief secretary was very kind. He told me that my citation for the award had come late and so my case was not taken up,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13158336", "title": "'I've tried to work in tandem with councillors'", "text": "In a chat with TOI, MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal put paid to all perceptions of differences between corporation officials and the councillors. According to him, there has been cooperation between his staff and the councillors although he is not sure if things in general have changed after the June 2011 election.Has the election changed the way MCG functions?It is hard for me to comment on what the changes are because the councillors got elected shortly after my tenure as the commissioner started. All my staff and I have tried to work in tandem with them.There seems to be a lack of coordination between the executive and the councillors.This is just a false impression and we are doing our best to make sure development work in the city accelerates. We are going according to the Act and rules and regulations that have been laid down. We are concentrating more on removing encroachments, expediting development work and enforcing rules.Councillors often accuse the bureaucracy of lack of cooperation. Your take?That is not true. In fact, we involve them at every stage, right from preparing the estimates of a project to executing them. We have given them full liberty and we do not release the payment to the contractor till the time they are satisfied with the work that has been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158451", "title": "Theatre got Suraj Sherawat a college seat", "text": "GURGAON: Suraj Sherawat, accused in the BMW-Indigo accident that killed two persons, is a BCom (honours) 1st year student at Atma Ram Sanatan Dharma College. He turned 18 on January 27.Scoring 8.8 out of the 25 marks allotted for attendance in internal assessment, his is a face teachers hardly recognize. Even after including ECA attendance, he has 0 out of 15 marks in three subjects. His internal assessment marks reveal he is an average student. He spends most of his time in the auditorium for rehearsals and production instead of attending lectures, a source said. An extra-curricular activity (ECA) admission, he managed a seat in Delhi University's most prestigious course not on the basis of merit, but his knowledge and skills in dramatics.His last major work was 'bijli ki bijli', an adaptation of Bertolt Brecht's \"The good woman of Szechwan this February. Mostly involved in backstage work rather acting, Suraj seems to more comfortable behind the scenes.He played a major part in reviving the dramatic society of the college, Rangayan, and became its secretary within the first year. Sandeep Sharma, co-ordinator of ECA, said: \"Considering his (Suraj) extraordinary contribution, we made an exception of giving the post of secretary to a first-year student.\"A source in the college said Suraj managed to take three exams on May 7, 9 and 11 even though police had declared the Sherawat family \"missing\". Police returned disappointed from college when he didn't show up for his exam on Monday, May 14. The college administration hadn't received the notice regarding Suraj from the police till Monday.His teachers say he is a \"well-behaved boy, and submits his assignments regularly even though he barely attends classes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157675", "title": "Adarsh commission summons Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation chief Kunte as witness", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh commission has asked Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) chief S J Kunte to appear before it as a witness on Wednesday.Kunte was the principal secretary in the planning department and had, in his statement to the National Coastal Zone Management Authority (NCZMA) about Adarsh, pointed out \"serious lacunae\" in the housing society.Kunte had told the NCZMA that the then state deputy secretary for the urban development department, P V Deshmukh, had misinterpreted the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) letter dated March 11, 2003, which said that construction can be taken up as per CRZ rules.Kunte said this was not clearance for the housing project but meant that Adarsh society should have approached the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) for permissions.He pointed out two \"serious lacunae\" in the matter - the society had not taken permission from the MCZMA/MoEF and the building had exceeded the prescribed FSI for development in a CRZ area. He had stood firm on it in his affidavit before the commission. The panel has also summoned principal secretary (environment) Valsa Nair-Singh on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13158522", "title": "Noida outpatient departments to be shut today", "text": "NOIDA: Outpatient departments of all private hospitals in Noida, including major ones like Max Healthcare and Fortis, will remain closed on Wednesday. Work will remained suspended throughout the day as a mark of protest following the ruckus created at a private hospital on Monday by the family members and relatives of a junior engineer of Noida Authority who passed away last week. Doctors have even written to the Ambedkar Multispeciality government hospital to support their cause as kin of patients had earlier gone on a rampage there too following which bouncers were employed by the district administration to protect the premises and staff.Doctors from across Noida will also stage a protest march from the IMA office in Sector 31 to the district magistrate's residence in Sector 27 on Tuesday. The doctors are demanding that all the culprits be brought to book as soon as possible.Relatives of the junior engineer, who died seven days ago at Indo Gulf Hospital in Sector 19, had ransacked the facility and manhandled the staff alleging negligence on part of the hospital and doctors. A hospital staff had also sustained injuries in the incident.Doctors, who had gathered at the Indian Medical Association, Noida Chapter, office in Sector 31 also submitted a letter to the UP chief minister demanding that the guilty be punished accordingly. They have also demanded that the state government implement a law in place in states like Delhi and Rajasthan making such offences against doctors and hospitals a non-bailable one.\"As per a 2005 SC order, any person alleging negligence on the part of doctors or a hospital must report the incident to the police. The police then should inform the concerned chief medical officer. A committee is then formed to probe the allegations,\" said Dr K C Sood of IMA, Noida.Doctors have also taken this opportunity to seek the state government's intervention in the recent land use fiasco in Noida. Following the SC directions that all nursing homes move out of residential plots and clinics in the permissible 25% area not provide any other services but consultations, the doctors have requested the CM to direct the Noida Authority to make room for a mixed land use policy in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156492", "title": "BCCI suspends 5 cricketers for IPL spot fixing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five cricketers caught in a TV sting operation discussing money for match-fixing have been suspended from all formats of the game, including the ongoing Indian Premier League 5, as the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) scrambled on Tuesday to control the damage.Four of the five players are on IPL 5 teams, and were caught on tape talking about manipulating matches by bowling no-balls at a designated stage of the match. Although only a couple of them have played in the ongoing tournament, IPL and BCCI were sufficiently rattled to impose bans.The BCCI brass held a consultation over teleconference on Tuesday afternoon and discussed the specific provisions of IPL's anti-corruption rules that allow for action to be taken on the basis of compelling proof or reasonable doubt. While the players denied the charges, it was felt the provisional ban could be invoked.Cricketing bosses also felt that the suspension should be under BCCI rules after a reference by the IPL Board. \"Invoking IPL rules would mean the players would still be eligible to play in other tournaments. Even if they are claiming to have made tall promises, a tough message is needed,\" sources said.IPL's governing council asked Ravi Sawani, head of BCCI's new anti-corruption unit, to conduct an inquiry and submit a report in 15 days. The suspended players are TP Sudhindra (Team Hyderabad), Mohnish Mishra (Team Pune), Amit Yadav (Team Punjab), Shalabh Shrivastava (Team Punjab) and Abhinav Bali who doesn't have an IPL contract. All of them said the channel misrepresented meetings with an \"agent\" in a Delhi hotel.A TV channel on Monday had claimed it had blown the lid off \"murky deals\" in IPL among players and organizers and showed the players apparently confessing on hidden camera their readiness for under-the-table payoffs. \"If the players are found to be guilty, they will be punished. Bad conduct is not acceptable,\" said IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla.BCCI bigwigs examined disciplinary action earlier taken against Ravindra Jadeja for \"anti-team\" activities for which he was banned for a year and Manish Pandey, who was handed a four-match suspension for criticizing auction rules. The possibility of franchises being questioned about the behaviour of the errant players was also considered.Four of the five players, barring Amit Yadav, are from the Indian Cricket League (ICL), a defunct body. Three are not regular members of current IPL playing XIs. While, Sudhindra and Monish Mishra have played a few matches in the ongoing tournament.BCCI president N Srinivasan issued a press release that said a committee has been set up, \"To make a preliminary enquiry as per Rule 32 (ii) of the memorandum and rules and regulations of BCCI on involvement of players in illegal activities or activities against the interests of the BCCI and the game.\"The report submitted by the commissioner would be forwarded to BCCI's disciplinary committee for a probe. The players would not be entitled to participate in any cricket match played under the aegis of BCCI while under suspension.The IPL players' code of conduct rule 5.2 primarily deals with discipline of the T20 league. It is understood the Commissioner of the hearing (Ravi Sawani) will allow the accused cricketers to present their case.\"Where video evidence of the alleged offence is available at the hearing before the match referee or commissioner, then it may be relied upon by any party, provided that all other parties shall have the right to make such representations in relation to it that they may see fit,\" the rulebook states.According to the channel, its operation revealed that spot-fixing is not only prevalent in IPL but first-class matches are also fixed and women play an important role in match-fixing. \"We will ensure that the integrity of the game is protected. BCCI believes in the integrity of the game. We will take the strictest possible action. We will have to have the tapes and the moment we see it, whoever is the player, we will take very strict action,\" Srinivasan told the media.Cricketers under the scanner claimed a conspiracy to tarnish their image and said they had no idea about a match-fixing scandal. For instance, Bali does not have an IPL contract and only went to meet an agent to get an IPL contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157306", "title": "Scams during Mayawati's rule worth Rs 40, 000 crore : Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said that financial irregularities were all-pervasive during the five-year tenure of Mayawati and affected practically every segment of the society. Yadav said that over Rs 40,000 crore were misappropriated in schemes ranging from eco parks to the NRHM.The government would soon set up a commission to bring the probes into various scams under a single investigating authority along with inquiries recommended by the Lok Ayukta against a number of ministers in the previous government, Yadav said on Tuesday here.People usually tend to take into account the money spent on a project as its net worth of the scam. But the actual cost of these projects turn out to be much higher, Akhilesh said. \"When government makes such assessments, it includes the cost of land used, value of the existing structure razed to the ground for the new project, the repeated changes in design and construction work - all of this directly amounts to losses to the state exchequer,\" the chief minister said.As per the government's estimates, the total worth of scams during the BSP rule is over Rs 40,000 crore, which is almost equal to the annual outlay for the state during 2011 - 2012 and is nearly one-fourth of the state's annual budget of Rs 1.89 lakh crore.The major scams which had allegedly taken place during the Mayawati regime and are under the SP government's scanner are NRHM scam, toilet scam, elephant statues scam, Noida land scam, High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) tender scam, seed scam, etc. Investigations and inquiries are under way in each of these scams and in 50% of the cases, arrests have also been made leaving hardly any scope of doubt over allegations of misappropriation.Though investigations into these scams have led to the arrest of bureaucrats and even senior ministers in the BSP government, the investigators are yet to establish a possible direct link between the misappropriations and the then chief minister Mayawati.However, senior SP ministers have started accusing Mayawati of being directly involved in the scams. On Monday, health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan said: \"Mayawati's name is also figuring in the NRHM scam.\" Another senior minister Azam Khan said that the allegations being levelled by the SP all these years are turning out to be true.On Tuesday, former UP chief minister Rajnath Singh joined the chorus saying: \"It is virtually impossible that such huge amounts were swindled and the then chief minister and Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati was neither aware nor involved in the whole thing. Such huge sums of money cannot be swindled without the consent and interest of the chief minister,\" Rajnath Singh said on Tuesday.But the BSP says that the accusations of scams were a mere political gimmick. Party's state president Swami Prasad Maurya said Mayawati had been the only chief minister till date to have taken stringent action against her own ministers and MLAs when ever they were found taking the law in their hand. \"Name me one chief minister to have done this?\" he questioned. \"All this hype about the scams is being cooked up only to cover-up the government's failure in controlling the crime situation in the state,\" the SP state president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13157850", "title": "Rajoana now targets Bheora", "text": "JALANDHAR: Babbar Khalsa terrorist and a co-conspirator in killing former chief minister Beant Singh, Paramjjit Singh Bheora, is the latest from the pack to find himself at the receiving end of Balwant Singh Rajoana's jibes.Jagtar Singh Hawara, the mastermind of the case, and Jagtar Singh Tara, have already been targeted by Rajoana. Rajoana has recently sent out a five-page letter in which all the three have been addressed or referred in a contemptuous manner.The contents of the letter reveal chinks between them, but also expose that deep mistrust between Rajoana and three others. His letter has further exposed Hawara and company's differences with other co-accused in the case. Rajoana has claimed that he was writing this latest letter from Patiala central jail after he received a letter purportedly written by Bheora.One man who has found mention in Rajoana's various letters is police cat Ravi who got him arrested while posing as a Babbar Khalsa member. Rajoana has alleged in his letter that he met Ravi after a Germany based militant leader asked him for the same and he (Rajoana) landed in police net. Rajoana has mentioned that he never entered the barrack where Hawara and other two were lodged for eight years. Rajoana has accused them of \"hobnobbing with Congress\" and \"accused Bheora of supporting Congress MP Ravneet Bittu,\" who is Beant Singh's grandson, in his election in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "13158829", "title": "Black magic whiff in manslaughter", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Tension sparked off in Hariharpara on Tuesday morning after the beheaded body of a local ayurved doctor was found near the Siva temple of Choan-Sardarpara. Cops suspect involvement of tantrik guru in the incident, after the head of the deceased, Gangaram Malpahari (72), was found near the crematorium of Smashankhali temple.Locals said the victim had no enemies and he used to treat people with ayurvedic medicines. Villagers suspect Malpahari is a victim of superstition and somebody has killed him for tantric rituals. Police detained six youths including the victims' two sons.Laxmi Malpahari, granddaughter of Gangaram said: \"He left home at midnight to go to the toilet and we could not find him after that. In the morning, neighbours informed us that his body was found. He had no enemy as he used to stay all day at home due to old age.\"\"We were out of home for last three days to work in a local brick factory. We returned after getting the news. We are wondering why was he killed so brutally?\" asked Bishakha Malpahari, daughter-in-law of the victim.\"As local tribals still believe in superstitions and the head was found near the crematorium, we suspect Gangaram's head was separated to perform some tantrik rituals at the temple,\" said a villager Nirmal Bhattacharya.Police have found some flowers, incense sticks and blood at the crematorium, that made them believe that the body was thrown away in the river after cutting the head. \"We have started interrogating Bishu and Shibu Malpahari, two sons of the victim. Of the others held in the case, Uttam Ojha is an exorcist and we are grilling him,\" said additional SP of Murshidabad Indra Chakrabarty.Tension gripped as villagers found dead body without head of Gangaram Malpahari (72) near Siva temple of Choan-Sardarpara in Hariharpara on Tuesday morning. Later Gangaram's alienated and blooded head was found near local crematorium and Smashankali temple. Mystery increased as the family members said to police 'old Gangaram had no enemies, he helped many people with ayurvedic treatment.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159552", "title": "Aamir Khan can take heart from conviction against sex selection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Actor Aamir Khan , whose first episode of tele-show Satyamev Jayate focused on sex selection, will be happy to hear this.In 2011, 21 clinics and 22 doctors were convicted under the Pre-Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994, for carrying out sex selection of an unborn child.Census, 2011, showed girl child is still a curse and unwanted. And, the girl child population has fallen to an all-time low since Independence. The sex ratio for 2011 stands at 914 girls down from 927 girls for 1,000 boys in 2001.Maharashtra led the way in 2011, with the highest number of convicted cases against doctors at 15, followed by Haryana (7) and Madhya Pradesh (2).Majority of the punishments included three years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine anywhere between Rs 1,000 and Rs 1.3 lakh.Dr Ambadas Kadam from Maharashtra was convicted on November 14, 2011, with a three-year jail term and had to cough up the highest compensation of Rs 1.3 lakh.All the convictions in Haryana resulted in a three-year jail term, and also had to pay fines between Rs 1,000 and Rs 10,000.The two convictions in MP resulted in imprisonment of one month and a fine of Rs 1,000. Maharashtra, however, made an example of such cases. The minimum jail term in all the convictions in the state was two years. Fines charged were Rs 70,000, Rs 60,000, Rs 52,000 and Rs 38,000 in majority of the cases.According to Union health ministry's figures, only around 6% of cases filed against doctors involved in sex selection practices in the 17 states with the most skewed sex ratio had ended up in convictions till March, 2011.Altogether 805 cases had been filed in court against doctors till March 31, 2011, ever since the revised PC and PNDT Act came into force. Only 55 convictions were recorded during the same period.The rest of the cases were either still going on or dropped for \"poor investigation and insufficient evidence against the accused\".Till March, 2011, convictions were highest in Haryana (23), followed by Punjab (22), Gujarat (4), Maharashtra (3), Delhi (2) and Chandigarh (1). The highest number of cases against doctors was filed in Rajasthan (161), but none has resulted in conviction till date.Maharashtra filed 139 cases, Punjab (112), Gujarat (82), MP (70), Delhi (61), Uttar Pradesh and Haryana (54), Andhra Pradesh (19), Bihar (10), Uttarakhand (9), Chhattisgarh (5), Jharkhand (3) and Chandigarh (2).During the same period, 168 ultrasound machines were sealed in Gujarat, followed by Haryana (133). Maharashtra sealed 82 machines, Rajasthan (76), Odisha (68), Delhi (48), Punjab (26), UP (37), Jharkhand (13) and Andhra Pradesh (12).\"Recent meetings impressed upon states on the importance of follow up of a court case, building a strong case for prosecution, putting in place the mechanism for legal assistance and engagement with state legal services authorities, besides training workshops for judiciary and public prosecutors,\" an official said.An official added, \"India's conviction rates are shockingly low. That's because doctors, who carry out the search and seizure operations, aren't good at filing legal cases and presenting a full-proof investigation, helping violators go scot-free.\"The 17 states were recently told by the ministry to identify and map their worst-affected districts, blocks and even localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158171", "title": "Beef up security, demand doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: How could a woman be gang-raped, murdered and dumped on the premises of the busy Lok Nayak hospital without anyone coming to know? Police's revelation regarding the body found on the hospital premises last month has sent shockwaves among the resident doctors of the hospital and even the visiting patients. The doctors are demanding immediate action against the security staff for the lapse.\"There are more than 140 security personnel across the hospital at any given time and one police check post is also present on hospital premises. How could the incident escape their notice? The woman was allegedly gang-raped inside the toilet, then taken out, brought back and killed, according to police. This is shocking. We fear for our own security in such circumstances,\" said a final year student of Maulana Azad Medical College who works at the hospital. She said the hospital had become a thoroughfare with as many as 10 different access points.Dr Anurag Mishra, president of the Resident Doctors' Association (RDA) of Maulana Azad Medical College (medical college associated with the hospital), added that in the last one year at least five incidents had been reported about attendants of patients beating up doctors or manhandling them. \"Recently, one unidentified person entered the doctors' duty room and tried to steal the equipment. We have raised these issues with the administration time and again but there is little hope. The gang-rape and disposal of a naked body on the premises reflects our concern over the sorry state of affairs,\" said Mishra.Hospital Medical Superintendent Dr Richa Dewan, however, refused to comment. \"I have no knowledge about the police findings in the case,\" she said. Other officials said that following the discovery of the body 20 days ago they had increased the security presence and floodlights were being installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157881", "title": "Parents' support is my secret to success'", "text": "JAIPUR: For 17-year-old Anuja Gupta, who stood sixth in the merit list of RBSE Class XII science results on Tuesday, motivation and encouragement from parents became the key to success apart from focused studies.Anuja, a student of Class VII of Maa Vidhyalaya Sr Secondary School, Shastri Nagar, has another reason to rejoice as she also topped in the science stream in the city. Anuja scored 94.2% marks.\"My elder sister is pursuing her M Sc and in a family of two girls and one boy, my parents give us equal opportunities to learn and study. Even in the secondary school exam, I got 18th rank in the merit list all because of my family's support,\" Anuja said while talking to TOI.All parents wish that their children study well, Anuja said. \"They will love you like anything if you are good at academics. Since I have always fared well in studies, they have given me everything I wished,\" she said on an emotional note.\"Padhyee theek se karne se sab aapse pyaar kartey hain (If you study properly, everyone loves you),\" she said.\"I scored 100 out of 100 marks in Mathematics and I attribute the success to the teachers of my school since I did not take any extra tuitions and focused on only what was taught in school,\" Anuja said.When we asked her what was on her mind next, she said, \"I will start preparing for IIT JEE exam and will definitely clear it.\"She added that she regularly studied for six hours everyday and enjoyed playing indoor sports with her siblingsIn the evening, a heavy rush of people including media persons and neighbours gathered at her residence to congratulate her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13159906", "title": "Congress decides to field Raymond against BJP's Alina", "text": "PANAJI: Former Cortalim deputy sarpanch Raymond D'Sa will take on BJP's Alina Saldanha in the Cortalim byelection.Speaking to TOI, state Congress president Shubash Shirodkar said, \"Congress high command has declared Raymond D'Sa as candidate for the Cortalim byelection and he will file his nomination on Wednesday.\" Shirodkar added that Congress opted for D'Sa as he is a local person.There had been speculation that former PWD minister Churchill Alemao , who lost from Navelim constituency in March, was likely to contest from Cortalim.Speaking to TOI Alemao said, \"I respect the Congress high command's decision and will not contest the byelection.\" He added that he had not sought the Congress ticket.Congress had wanted a one-to-one fight in Cortalim for which Alemao had been considered as a candidate. The Cortalim block had, however, made it clear they would not support a candidate from outside the constituency. Block workers said they would support either D'Sa or Mahila Congress chief Cynthia D'Silva on the party ticket.Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which was firm on fielding a candidate for the byelection, has now softened its stand.Speaking to TOI, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhosale said, \"We are in touch with the high command. If the high command tells us to support the Congress candidate so as to take on communal forces then we will support the Congress candidate.\"Bhosale added, \"We do not want secular forces to get divided and give an advantage to BJP in the byelection.\"The Cortalim byelection was necessitated following the death of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha.His widow Alina has already filed her nomination for the bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159078", "title": "Gujarat Ecology Commission to document eco-practices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Ecology Commission (GEC) in association with the World Around You (WAY) launched a new initiative called 'Study to identify good environment-friendly practices in Gujarat'- to identify, acknowledge and document practices that have proven capacity and have made significant contribution towards saving environment.A K Verma, member secretary of GEC said, \"Nowadays, we see that people care about environment. We intend to bring forward efforts that have made significant contribution towards saving environment. It will also inspire other people and organizations to join hands and adapt such practices\".The study will identify the practices adopted by any individual, NGO, government undertaking, private company, cooperative body or government department. \"After a validity check, screening and presentations, the top 25 practices will be documented. The jury will comprise of experts from educational field as well as government,\" says Prakshal Mehta, co-founder of WAY.Practices which include nature and bio-diversity conservation, environmental quality management, energy conservation and renewable energy, agriculture and waste management will be mainly considered for the study.Wricha Johari, co-founder of WAY said, \"We request the citizens to help us identify and share interesting practicesas the smallest of effort can bring a big change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160199", "title": "Time to remove the tint", "text": "MYSORE: The latest move by RTO is sure to put four-wheeler users in a fix. Regional transport officers have asked owners of four-wheelers to remove the tint on the windscreen and rear windows. Failing which, they will have to pay fine once the drive starts in a of couple weeks.The move follows Supreme Court's observation that tinted glass is one of the factors for increasing crime in the country, and the subsequent direction to implement Central Motor Vehicle Rules (1989) in this regard.The rule says 70% visibility is a must for windscreen and 50% for side glasses. But car owners in Mysore say it will inconvenience them, rather serving any purpose. Almost all four-wheeler users in the city are using dark tints.RTO (west) Siddappa H Kaller told TOI that following SC direction, they have appealed to vehicle users through the media to maintain minimum tint on glasses. \"We are chalking out measures in this regard. We shall spread awareness on the matter before starting the drive to check and remove tints beyond permissible limits,\" he added.The officer, however, claimed that they have started removing tints of vehicles visiting the RTOs for services. The officer said they have to form teams and procure light meters for checking.A police officer said they are awaiting instruction from transport officials to start the drive. Moreover, he said, the officers should first themselves comply with the rule before initiating action against other vehicle users. Almost every government vehicle here uses dark tints.Police commissioner K L Sudheer said they will seek direction from their higher-ups in Bangalore before starting the drive here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "tadwai (warangal)", "code": "13160444", "title": "Constable ends life after quarrel with wife", "text": "TADWAI (Warangal): A constable committed suicide in the police residential quarters at Tadwai mandal in the early hours of Tuesday.Banoth Srinivas, 33, hung himself to the ceiling with a rope. Sources said that the cop took the extreme step following differences with his wife Sarojana.Sarojana was shocked to see her husband hanging in the bedroom in the morning and immediately alerted the cops. Srinivas, a 2003 batch constable, was a native of Bollepally village in Guduru mandal .A case was registered and his body sent for postmortem. The couple has two girls Vasantha, 9 and Varsha, 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159707", "title": "New head at IAF's Deolali equipment depot", "text": "NASHIK: Air Commodore J B Inamdar took over command of the 25 Equipment Depot of the Indian Air Force (IAF) station at Deolali on Monday.Inamdar was commissioned in IAF's logistics branch on June 11, 1981 and has also been the Command Logistic and Management Officer at the headquarters of the Western Air Command and the Eastern air Command..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159036", "title": "High court pulls up cops for shoddy probe in dowry death case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court has pulled up police for their \"unpardonable lapses\" in investigation of a case of dowry death, wherein it had to acquit the accused persons for want of evidence.The division bench of justices D H Waghela and N V Anjaria has also referred the case of investigators to the higher-ups in the government to call for explanation and to find out whether blunders committed in the probe were amounting to dereliction of duty. The high court has recommended necessary corrective measures, including disciplinary action, against the erring investigating officers after conducting an inquiry.In this case, a young woman, Shushila, was found dead lying in a well in Chatki village of Dahod district in October 2005. Her husband Ganpat Bariya and father-in-law Fatesinh Bariya were tried on murder charges and under Domestic Violence Act and awarded life imprisonment by a trial court a year later.During the hearing of an appeal against the conviction, the division bench found that there was no evidence against the accused though it was claimed Shushila had not committed suicide. The post-mortem report on the contrary showed that she was done to death by blows of a blunt weapon and then thrown into the well, as her lungs did not contain water. The court found that a police complaint made by Shushila's mother-in-law against five persons was not even probed by police.Highlighting nine major blunders in the investigation, the bench observed,\"The lacunae in investigation were conspicuous. Had the investigation been carried out sincerely and in a focused manner, the culprits could have been booked and properly punished. It is unfortunate that the failure of police agency in properly investigating the serious offence of murder has resulted in failure of justice, as due to that the real offenders are not identified.\"After observing that the investigation in such a serious case of ghastly murder was lackadaisical, the HC summoned the IO and sought explanation from himabout obvious lapses in the probe. But dissatisfied with the answers, the court noted, \"The prosecution totally failed to connect the accused with the commission of offence, much less able to establish an unbroken chain of circumstances leading to the interference of guilt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13158220", "title": "Water resources department starts laying tetrapods to protect eroding Keri shoreline", "text": "MAPUSA: After the gabion flexible sea wall failed to prevent beach erosion at Keri-Pernem, the water resources department ( WRD) has taken up work of laying of tetrapods to stabilize the eroding shoreline.The 4.23 crore protection wall built around three years ago to prevent beach erosion at Keri has been severely damaged. The gabion flexible sea wall, expected to work as a long term solution for the persistent beach erosion at Keri, has fallen apart at several places.According to the WRD officials, around 400 m portion is damaged of the 1,600 m long wall due to the intense wave current action because of the river-sea confluence.According to WRD officials, the department will now undertake work of laying of the tetrapods at areas where the wall has been damaged.\"In the first phase, we have taken up work of laying tetrapods for a 250 m area length where the wall has been extremely damaged. The work is in final stages,\" said WRD executive engineer P B Badami.\"Tetrapod is a concrete structure intended to prevent coastal erosion on a long-term basis. The tetrapod's shape is designed to dissipate the force of incoming waves by allowing water to flow around it rather than against it,\" Badami said.The first phase work has been taken up at a cost of Rs 3.13 crore and will be completed before monsoon. Badami informed TOI that the work of laying of tetrapods at other damaged parts will be taken up soon and they had initiated the process for the same. The locals have demanded that the complete structure (gabion flexible sea wall ) should be re-examined for its stability and necessary measures be implemented to strengthen the structure.At present, the sea has eaten into land at Keri and is destroying alpine trees and properties.\"Once Keri was famous for its alpine trees, now the trees have succumbed to the might of the waves. The beach is eroding,\" said Samir Harji, a local. \"The entire beach has gone. The temple near the beach is under threat. The government should undertake protection measures to stop the advancing sea on an urgent basis,\" said Sachin Gad, another local.\"Several weak spots are often present in the structure. Now they are putting tetrapods, we hope that the problem will be solved permanently,\" said Vinay Pingulkar, former village sarpanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "name", "code": "13160080", "title": "Hyderabad's IT hub faces acute drinking water shortage", "text": "Name: Abhijit DasFamily Size: 2 membersArea profileBest identified as the IT hub of the city, this area is largely cosmopolitan with a chunk of residents here comprising the `migrant' population of Hyderabad. Kondapur and its surrounding pockets such as Madhapur, Hi-Tec City and even Gachibowli are inhabited by professionals from the corporate world who reside in the many towering apartments that have sprung by the dozen over the last five-six years. Water has been a perennial problem in this part of town with the situation worsening overt the last couple of years.Citizen speak\"Like most other apartment complexes in this area, even our building depends entirely on private tankers because the bore-wells have dried up completely. These tankers that cost Rs 450 each are bought every alternate day to meet the requirements of residents. Our monthly maintenance charge that was about Rs 1,000 until recently has gone up by another Rs 600 now because of this acute water shortage. We do get manjeera water once in two days but it is very meager. However, because both my wife and I are working professionals and our drinking water consumption is very low, we manage with this water that we purify before using. Had there been more members in our family we would have ended up buying bottled water. When we had moved into this neighbourhood about a year ago, we had no idea that we would have to face such a severe crisis. I wonder how long we can live here with limited water supply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157725", "title": "Govt orders vigilance probe against Noida's ex-officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Tuesday ordered a vigilance inquiry against former officers of Noida and Greater Noida Authority who were found guilty of having amassed more wealth than their known sources of income.This is addition to an ongoing inquiry, ordered by the Allahabad High Court, into the financial irregularities in land allotments, tendering and project clearances made by development authorities of Noida and Greater Noida.Speaking to TOI, IIDC Anil Gupta , said: The heads of both authorities have recommended a vigilance inquiry into the assets of the named officials. In addition, the Income Tax department's Director General (investigations), SS Bajpayee is in Noida to supervise the investigations personally. Based on his inputs and along with my own assessment, the state government's report will be ready within a week.''Income tax department officials, on May 11, carried out searches at the offices and residences of three general managers (GMs) of the Greater Noida Authority and a chief finance officer of the Noida Authority.These officers are said to be close to some prominent people in the previous BSP government. The income tax department had also raided some establishments of the four builders after allegations of giving undue clearance to projects, land allotment, tenders and payment to builders were levelled against them. Raids were said to have been conducted following complaints of irregularities in projects worth crores of rupees and amassing wealth greater than their known sources of income.Earlier, the Allahabad High Court had ordered an inquiry into the anomalous allotment of land, among other irregularities, by the Noida and Greater Noida authorities. Though the state government had then turned down a request for a CBI inquiry into the matter, the state government deputed top-level government officials to conduct an inquiry and report the matter. Though principal secretary, health and family welfare, Sanjay Agarwal, was made in-charge of the probe, the final report, along with a concluding statement, is now being compiled by AK Gupta, the current IIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160271", "title": "\u2018Indian dance should have been made a compulsory subject\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Even in her sixties, Madhavi Mudgal, doesn't sound her age. The poise and elegance of this Odissi dancer never fails and her charm is contagious.Before an Odissi performance at JTPac's 'Parampara' on Wednesday, Mudgal talked to TOI over the phone, on dance, music and educational systems in the country.She was born into a family of renowned artistes; her father founded the oldest music school in New Delhi - Gandharva Mahavidyalaya and her brother Mandhup Mudgal and niece Arushi Mudgal (a rising star in Odissi) carry forward their legacy. Dinner conversations at home border around classical music and dance, Mudgal said.\"When my father started a school, the idea was to inculcate our 'parampara' to a younger generation. And that is what is missing in today's generation. Not everyone should be dancers and singers in the traditional classical form, but they should know it before making a career decision. I wish the national syllabus had Indian dance or music as compulsory subject,\" said the dancer who is also a choreographer. Madhavi Mudgal was trained in Bharatanatyam and Kathak under great gurus, she later settled for the \"lyrical\" quality of Odissi. She admits that Odissi doesn't have much of a foothold in south India.\"It's possibly because people tend to be in familiar territory, here and see something they understand and are naturally more comfortable with it. The south is a little more orthodox in this regard, I think. Lack of good teachers and exponents could also be a reason,\" she said.Mudgal is one of the few practising professors in Odissi dance form, working with Gandharva Mahavidyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13158087", "title": "PWD, NHAI spar over sorry state of state highways", "text": "JAIPUR: The tussle between the state government's Public Works Department (PWD) and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) is leading to deterioration of highways in the state. While the PWD puts the blame on NHAI, the highway authority feels that state government is not cooperating.That many of the projects for the construction of 4-6 lane highways in the state going to NHAI even when PWD is capable of doing it, has put both the departments at loggerheads. Since the early 2011, more than 20 projects for widening and construction have been bagged by the NHAI. But officials of PWD complain that the highway authority is not maintaining roads and delaying the projects unnecessarily. It has raised the issue at both state and central government levels.PWD cites the condition that contracts for 4-6 laning of roads were given to NHAI with a clause of maintenance during and after the construction.\"Repeated requests for proper maintenance of highways in the state have been made to the government of India and the officials of the NHAI. Secretary of the concerned department has been apprised number of times and ministerial level meetings were held too. They agreed with our position and promised to take appropriate steps,\" said a senior state government official.On the other hand, officials of NHAI claim that they are not getting the cooperation from the state government which is leading to delaying of projects. \"There is lack of state government support. Land acquisition at National Highway-8 connecting Jaipur to Delhi is yet to be completed in some parts. Similarly, the department has started calling back its officers deputed with NHAI. These are the experienced staff and adapted to the workings of NHAI,\" said the sources.Though the authority agrees that the condition of some of the roads under its jurisdiction is not good but maintains its stand that work on these highways is going on and very soon they will be completed.The ministry of road transport and highways headed by C P Joshi wants to ensure that the commitment to make 20 kilometres of road ever day is complied. \"The constructed 10.39 km of roads in a day on an average against the target of 20 km a day in 2011-12. The minister wants to expedite the process and does not want to fail in his home state. This is the reason why most of the projects have been transferred to NHAI so that it comes directly under his supervision,\" said sources in the ministry.However, J C Mohanty, principal secretary, PWD, plays down the issue and claims that everything is proceeding ahead swiftly. \"I have taken charge of PWD just few days back. Since the issue has been raised I will call a meeting of both the departments and look in to the matter,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13159734", "title": "Nagaland celebrates Police Day", "text": "DIMAPUR: On May 15, 1985 Nagaland Police were presented 'colours' by the-then governor, K V Krishna Rao, on behalf of the President of India as an acknowledgement of the gallant sacrifices made by dedicated police officials and personnel to make the state 'island of peace' in the northeast, after almost two decades of violence, bloodshed and disturbances.Twenty-seven years later, the state police force celebrated the first Nagaland Police Day, acknowledging the contribution of the people of Nagaland.The celebration was marked by a series of programmes that were attended by governor Nikhil Kumar , chief minister Neiphiu Rio and home minister of state Imkong L Imchen among others.Speaking on the occasion, the governor congratulated the state police for their excellent work in different and often difficult circumstances. Citing examples of valour of the 9th NAP (IR) in Chattisgarh and other parts of the country, the governor said some policemen even sacrificed their lives in line of their duties. \"All this excellent work is an indicator of how much we are capable of, how much we can do in the interest of society,\" he said.Emphasizing the importance of the police force in any society and for any government, the governor said there is a lot of vibrant energy and dynamism which, if properly channelised and given the right circumstances, can bring about large-scale economic growth. One of the most important requirements for this is for peace to prevail.He also suggested a broad guiding principle for the efforts being made to establish peace.The governor also called upon the government and police officers to take care of the jawans, the same way they would take care of their own families.\"The uniformed force has great dignity and I am sure all will see to it that this is maintained with discipline and integrity,\" he said.DGP Nagaland O Alem in his welcome address acknowledged the contributions made by the officers, men and women who have now retired from active service, and said their good deeds in providing \"security, service, sacrifice\" in the line of duty would remain as history in the police archives.He called upon the Nagaland Police personnel to remain committed to the cause and to give their best to the people, state and the country.The DGP spoke about the history of Nagaland Police since the first battalion was raised in 1964. He informed that presently, Nagaland Police force comprises 11 DEF, 15 battalions, INT, forensic science, PRH, PCW, PCS wings with an attractive PHQ building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158724", "title": "Bangalore buckles under rain", "text": "BANGALORE: It just takes a downpour for Bangalore to drown. Tuesday's showers brought misery to Bangaloreans, who put up with traffic gridlocks, six-hour long power cuts in some areas and trees falling.Like any other day, Rajesh Muddappa, a businessman from Osborne Road, had parked his SUV in front of his apartment. A tree fell, trapping it and leading to a loss of around Rs 2 lakh.\"Last year, the horticulture department inspected the tree when residents requested them to uproot it. But the officials had said the tree was in good condition. It fell today but thankfully, no one was injured,\" Muddappa told TOI.Heavy rain, accompanied with thundershowers, lashed the city on Tuesday evening, and as many as 20 trees fell, unable to withstand the gusty winds.Some East Bangaloreans, on their way home from their workplace, were stuck near Fraser Town as two trees fallen within half a kilometer distance on Promenade Road, leading to bumper-to-bumper traffic. \"Neither is police clearing the traffic clog, nor is the BBMP clearing the trees that are obstructing vehicle movement. I have been stuck in a traffic jam for an hour,\" said Savitha Rao, a medical professional from Fraser Town.\"I can see telephone wires, cables lying on the ground unattended. It is sad that the civic agency pays little attention to such dangerous things. Even the traffic lights are not working,\" she added.East Bangalore was plunged into darkness, and residents complained that there was no power for hours. \"We have no power from 4pm. If power minister Shobha Karandlaje can go to Delhi to rescue Yeddyurappa, why can't she come to our rescue and do something about the power crisis?\" asked an agitated resident of Indiranagar.Power cuts were also reported from Jayanagar 5th block, Banashankari 1{+s}{+t} Block, Basavanagudi, Koramangala and Jeevan Bima Nagar.VEHICLES CRUSHEDAt Cauvery Bhavan, two four-wheelers parked beneath a tree were damaged when a huge tree fell around 5.30pm. An autorickshaw parked by a roadside in Gandhinagar was also damaged under a falling tree. A two-wheeler was found stuck beneath a fallen tree in JP Nagar, and on St John's Road, a tree fell on a temple shrine.Cases of trees falling were also reported from Jayanagar, Lavanya theatre near Ulsoor, Yediyur Circle, St John's Road, Krumbigal Road near Lalbagh, Nagasandra Circle, Jayanagar 8th block, Gavipuram, Guttahalli, Richmond Road, Shravanthi apartment in JP Nagar, Shankarpuram and Bull Temple Road, leading to traffic gridlocks.Water-logging was reported on major roads such as Hosur Road, JC Road, Kasturba Road, Whitefield Road, Marathahalli stretch, Bannerghatta Road, in Koramangala, Jayanagar 4th Block, ITI Layout near Ramaiah Hospital, Dasarahalli, and Banashankari II and III stages.Richards Town, already pitted with potholes, was also flooded. \"Our roads are already in a pathetic condition and are badly affected by the rain,\" said ET Ponnukuttan from Richards Town Residents' Welfare Association.On BIA stretch towards Devanahalli, motorists had a tough time negotiating flooded stretches, especially near the toll plaza.MORE RAINDark clouds foretold of an evening made pleasant by a sudden dip in temperature by a couple of degrees on Tuesday. The city received 32.7mm rainfall, while the airport registered 29.3mm. The maximum temperature recorded was 33.5 degree Celsius, while minimum remained at 22 degree Celsius.\"Pre-monsoon showers will keep the temperature around 31 degrees. Now on, we can expect regular showers,\" said an official of the Met department. The weatherman has predicted one or two spells of rains with thundershowers in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159688", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited in loadshedding row", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) and a power consumer protection group organisation are at loggerheads over loadshedding issues.The latter Veej Grahak Sanghatana has claimed that the company has violated the Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission (MERC)'s orders as well as the Supreme Court (SC) judgment on load shedding protocol.\"How can the company change the criteria to determine losses of determining losses and also extend the load shedding to areas where losses are more?\" Siddharth Soni, of Veej Grahak Sanghatana Nashik, asked.The MSEDCL has been claiming that all of the entire Nashik district except Malegaon and Manmad have been excluded from load shedding protocol.\"The company has changed the parameters to determine the losses and at the same time has created new groups which are in complete violation of Principles and Protocols of Load Shedding (PPLS),\" Soni said.\"When the SC Supreme Court of India in its 2005 order said that MSEDCL should decide the protocol after consultation with the energy regulator (MERC) which has already finalised the load shedding in 2008, the new protocol cannot be decided by the company on its own,\" Pratap Hogade, Maharahstra president of the group. .According to the MSEDCL, the new formula to identify distribution and commercial losses (DCL) gives equal weightage to distribution losses (thefts and leakages) and commercial losses (non-recovery) as against the earlier proportion of 70%to distribution and 30% percent to commercial losses.\"By reducing the weightage of distribution, the company is trying to negate the impact of thefts and leakages. On the other hand it is adding weightage to non-recovery, both of which are actually the responsibilities of the company. Besides, the company also cannot extend load shedding hours in any case beyond certain duration - as specified by MSEDCL,\" which means the load shedding for the newly formed 'G' groups is illegal,\" Soni claimed.In Nashik district, Kalwan, Satana and Chandwad divisions are now in a new group called the G group that has been spared load shedding based on an assessment of power losses suffered by them. caused by these areas have been elevated to a newly formed group which have been called G Group, which is spared from load shedding.Earlier Kalwan, Chandwad and Satana were facing load shedding and they were spared from the same after revaluation of their distribution of commercial losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158091", "title": "3 suspended for grabbing land", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has unearthed a scam which involved appropriation of government land in east Delhi. The land grab was allegedly carried out with help of senior officials of the revenue department.Three officials, a sub-registrar, a tehsildar and a patwari, were suspended and FIRs have been registered against them for manipulating records, violating procedures, and allowing fraudulent registries for 39 properties, of which 29 cases pertain to government land.Following an internal inquiry, chief secretary P K Tripathi on Monday suspended three officials of the revenue department. The officials - Harish Bajaj, a sub-registrar in Geeta Colony, Susheel Bharati, a tehsildar in Preet Vihar, and Shyam Pal, halka patwari in the east district office - were found to have manipulated revenue records in collusion with property dealers and land grabbers.Divisional commissioner Vijay Dev said Bajaj, Bharti and Pal were allegedly involved in registration of land belonging to the government in unauthorized colonies of east Delhi. The areas include Mandawali-Fazalpur, West Vinod Nagar, East Vinod Nagar and Vishwas Nagar.\"The accused took commission for getting the property registered,\" he said. Dev said the government has decided to expand the scope of the inquiry and will examine all other suspect land deals.\"The crackdown will send out a strong message. One has to admit there are loopholes in the system but we will have to take action to check frauds,\" Dev added.In its complaint to the police, the government has said: \"The officials have conspired to grab the government land with dishonest motives by way of cheating the department and manipulated the revenue records in collusion with property dealers and land grabbers. These officials have misused their position with the intention to get pecuniary gains from corrupt practices.\" The government has asked all the three to not leave Delhi without permission.How much government land has been usurped is still to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hargobind nagar", "code": "13159831", "title": "Labourer dies while digging well", "text": "HARGOBIND NAGAR: A labourer digging a well died when the dug-up soil fell on him on Tuesday. He was digging the well for sewerage chamber in Hargobind Nagar for a resident of the area. While digging it, when he reached 6 feet deep, heaps of sand fell on him.Superintending engineer of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, ''The labourer was working for a resident of the area. When we learnt about the incident, we dispatched a JCB machine to take him out of the ditch, but he had died. His body has been sent to Civil Hospital for postmortem.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157309", "title": "Rekha takes oath in Rajya Sabha, Jaya aloof", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bollywood actor and 80s heartthrob Rekha was sworn in as MP in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. In a golden silk sari and heels of a matching shade, she took oath in English and sat in the House for about 20 minutes before making an unobtrusive exit.A leading actress in the 1970s, when she debuted in Hindi films, Rekha starred in a string of big hits over the next decade. She joins the ranks of film personalities who have made it to Parliament over the years. Her presence, along with that of Jaya Bachchan who is a Samajwadi Party MP, has been keenly anticipated.Her 'Silsila' rival, however, occupied a new seat and was seen preoccupied in the day's agenda. The two Bollywood ladies did not greet each other but Rekha was seen looking in Jaya's direction while taking oath.Rekha cut a graceful figure and if she attends Rajya Sabha regularly, will add a certain glamour to the House as Hema Malini did as a BJP MP. If Hema Malini gets nominated by BJP again, the House will have a rare constellation of three Bollywood heroines who ruled the screen in their day.The 57-year-old Rekha was surrounded by MPs who greeted her profusely after she arrived in the upper House before the start of question hour. Former journalist and nominated MP H K Dua was seen offering her his seat and explaining the procedures before chairman Hamid Ansari started proceedings.She was greeted with thumping of desks when her name was called. \"I Rekha Ganeshan\" she said, swearing in the name of god in her brief oath in English. Daughter of Tamil superstar Gemini Ganesan, she essayed a variety of roles from the courtesan in Umrao Jaan to lighter roles like in Khubsurat.Ansari said \"welcome\" as she walked up to him after taking oath and greeted him with folded hands. After signing the members' register, Rekha greeted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , leader of opposition Arun Jaitley and other leaders before walking to her designated seat next to Anu Aga.She put on headphones as the House took up listed questions. In between, she exchanged notes with lyricist Javed Akhtar . Telugu superstar Chiranjeevi was among those who greeted her before the House began. After a while, Rekha stood up, shook hands with Aga and Dua before making a quiet exit from the House during question hour.Rekha was nominated to the upper House along with social worker Aga and Sachin Tendulkar . While Aga was sworn in on Sunday during a special sitting of Parliament, Tendulkar is expected to take oath on Wednesday.Rekha, acknowledged as one of the finest actresses of Hindi cinema, acted in over 180 films in a career spanning over 40 years. She won three Filmfare awards , two for best actress and one for best supporting actress, for her roles in Khubsoorat (1980), Khoon Bhari Maang (1988) and Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi (1996), respectively.Her portrayal of a classical courtesan in Umrao Jaan (1981) won her the National Film Award for best actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13158633", "title": "BMC fails to impose polythene ban", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The deadline set by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) for traders to shun the non-biodegradable plastic bags in the city expired almost two months ago. But the polythene bags continue to make their presence felt, raising doubts over the enforcement of Plastic Waste Rules.Under fire for poor execution of Plastic Waste Rules, the corporation Mayor A N Jena had on February 28 given a 15-day ultimatum to traders restricting the use of polythene thinner than 40 micron. The same day he had a meeting with traders, businessmen and representatives of different shopping malls and told them about BMC's plans to crackdown on violators.When asked about the current status, the civic body authorities struggled for an answer. \"Our squad is ready. We will soon start the crackdown on polluters,\" environment officer B K Routray replied. \"I have asked the BMC environment officer to raid shops, malls and commercial establishments. We will not spare anyone,\" Jena said.Residents were vocal against the corporation for turning a blind eye to the illegal manufacture of plastic bags in the city. \"Why is BMC faltering when it comes to action? It should act as a watchdog and take legal action against those selling non-biodegradable plastic materials,\" a citizen Bijay Mishra said.The civic authorities had earlier said they would sensitize poly-bag manufacturers and retailers to strictly abide by the Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules notified by the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on February 7, 2011. The law restricts the use of polythene thinner than 40 micron.Citizens as well as traders were to be familiarized about the law through mobile public address systems on streets. But nothing as such has happened. BMC recently selected a polythene manufacturing unit that would supply the environment-friendly polythene to the city.The city requires nearly 100 ton polythene carry bags every month. Sources said the state capital generates more than 450 metric tonnes of solid waste, out of which 40% is polythene-based materials. The city currently does not have any segregation facility and solid waste treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13157004", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court issues notice to Amity University in Dana\u2019s \u2018suicide\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday issued notices to the Haryana government and Amity University, Gurgaon, on a petition filed by the sister of Dana Sangma, the niece of Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma. Dana had allegedly committed suicide after charges of cheating in an exam via a mobile phone were leveled against her.Justice Ritu Bahri of the HC issued the notice and asked the University and the government to submit their replies by May 31. In her petition, Balsame M Sangma has sought an independent probe into her sister's death and also expressed fears that the University may tamper with the evidence.Twenty-four-year-old civil engineer Balsame, who has come from Meghalaya to Chandigarh, has submitted that her sister was a strong, independent and rational individual and it was unlikely she would take such a drastic step for an insignificant reason like being accused of cheating; unless the University had tormented her further.Balsame sought directions from the HC to hand over the matter to any other police outside Haryana or to any independent agency like the CBI.Twenty-one-year-old Dana, a first year MBA student at Amity University, had died on April 24 under mysterious circumstances in her hostel room.Advocate Utsav Bains, counsel for the petitioner, said that the only allegation of cheating against Dana recorded at 11:45am by an invigilator was that he \"found a mobile phone in a switched-on mode in her pocket\".Dana in a written statement had said that she did have her phone switched-on but did not cheat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158209", "title": "Bidhan Baruah's sex-change surgery: Family still hopes to get their 'son' back", "text": "MUMBAI: As Bidhan Baruah waits anxiously to go under the knife and take the final step towards becoming a woman, his family back in Guwahati is hoping against hope that their son changes his mind. The family has also decided not to appeal in the Supreme Court against Bidhan's gender reassignment surgery due to financial constraints.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, Bidhan's father Supti Ranjan Baruah (45) said their younger son's decision to opt for the sex change surgery had come as a huge shock. The Baruahs reside in Guwahati's Pandu Colony, a close-knit conservative area. Baruah said the family has been fielding all sorts of allegations and accusations from different corners, including neighbours and the local media that Bidhan was tortured physically and mentally. \"The truth is we have raised him with care and affection like any other parent,\" said the father, who works with the railways' commercial division. \"I was shattered when he lodged a complaint against me with the Colaba police,\" he said.Bidhan's mother Supriya has been inconsolable since the day he left home without spelling out his plans. The missing complaint lodged with Guwahati police turned into a frantic search for the next 11 days before the family finally learnt the real reason behind Bidhan's disappearance. \"I have not cooked in the last few weeks. Actually, we have stopped eating proper meals. We are worried all the time that something terrible is happening to him,\" said the mother of two. Bidhan's elder brother is doing his post-graduation in Guwahati and has supported his parents' stand of not allowing his younger brother to go ahead with the surgery.Baruah said he dropped his plans of going to the Supreme Court after he learnt about the litigation charges. \"I do not have the resources to fight a legal battle now. I just want him to come back home,\" said the father, who maintained that in all these years no one in the family noticed Bidhan's feminine side. \"It was as if the transformation happened overnight. We are also surprised how the court gave a verdict even before we could receive a notice about the case,\" he said. \"We just hope the case does not set a wrong precedent because it would mean no parent would have any right on their children's choices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13159486", "title": "Agitating teachers told to mark attendance", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University broke silence on the issue of mass resignation submitted by the teachers of self-financed courses on May 10, demanding implementation of the sixth pay commission.On Tuesday, the director of the University Institute of Engineering Technology (UIET) received a letter from , CSMU registrar, stating that vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar wants the teachers, who have resigned, to sign on the attendance register kept in the VC's office. Those not signing on the register, would be considered absent. The vice-chancellor also wanted to know the proposed examination schedule for the students of different courses.The 125 agitating teachers held a meeting in UIET and decided not to sign on the attendance register kept in VC's office. The teachers said that they had already submitted resignation and there was no point in signing on the attendance register.They said that so far they had been signing on the attendance register kept in the departments and continue to do so.The teachers told TOI that they want to know the status of the resignation, whether it has been accepted by VC or not.\"Till then, we will not give any reply to the V-C. We have already resigned and there is no point in signing on the attendance register maintained by V-C in his office,\" a teacher said.Some agitated teachers said that they would apply in other universities where there are better salaries and allowances.The prevailing situation had hit hard the students who had to appear in the semester examinations from May 12.The examinations have been postponed and the fresh dates not announced so far.The university authorities say that for giving the teachers the benefits of the sixth pay commission, they will have to seek permission from the state government. The teachers point out that university is a profit making institution and does not take aid from state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157726", "title": "More than 20,000 cops move closer to their home districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 20,000 cops were transferred to their desired (or nearest to) place of posting and closest possible to their respective home district in the last 45 days, making it perhaps the biggest reshuffle of constables and head constables.The transfers were carried out in line with the promise made by the Samajwadi Party before the last assembly polls regarding lifting of restriction on posting of the police constabulary near their home district.Additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order and Crime Jag Mohan Yadav confirmed that the transfers were carried on the basis of a government order, dated March 20, 2012 announcing lifting of restrictions on choice posting for the constabulary near their home district.As per the statistics available with the state police department, as many as 20,324 policemen from the constabulary ranks had applied for their transfer. Out of these 17,131 were allotted their first preference while 1,444 and 971 were posted in their second and third preference districts.There were 780 applicants who could not be accommodated in any of the three preferences due to their earlier stints in the region. Still they were accommodated in districts closest to their preferences.The transfers were executed through a system devised by the establishment wing of the state police with the help of the technical services department of UPP.The two departments not only finalised a blue-print to enable error-free transfers, but also worked out indigenously generated software by the name of Nominal Roll and Transfer Module. The software was deliberately made web-enabled, and as a result of which the entire transfer posting schedule was available on the internet for total transparency.\"We have invited applications from interested candidates which included a form seeking the first, second and third preference of posting of their choice closest to their respective home districts. The preferences were allotted on the basis of earlier postings in the district opted for by the individual,\" ADG Yadav said. As per the service rules, any policeman cannot be posted in their home district all through their service period. There was also restriction on posting of any policeman within their home district range as well. It was this restriction of home district range that was lifted by the government on March 20, 2012 through a government order, sources in the police department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158410", "title": "Sector 10 civil hospital to be inaugurated in June", "text": "GURGAON: Six years after its completion, the Civil Hospital in Sector 10 will finally start functioning from next month. The hospital is likely to be inaugurated by the chief minister on June 15.The decision to hand over the hospital to the health department was taken recently by the HUDA. The hospital has a capacity of 50 beds and the health department has decided to employ over 100 personnel, including doctors, paramedic staff and assistants.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , visited the hospital premises to take stock of the situation and instructed the officials to expedite the work. Gurgaon already has a civil hospital which is overburdened.Civil surgeon, Dr Praveen Garg, has written to the HUDA administrator to speed up the unfinished work so that the hospital can be made functional by the time it is inaugurated. The HUDA officials are scampering to clean the building on time.In the letter, Dr Garg pointed out that the building lacks proper power arrangements and the sanitary work is pending.HUDA sources said that the building had been neglected because of health department's reluctance to start the hospital, which was completed in 2006. At present, the condition of the building is that of a dumping ground.The basement of the building is stuffed with mud and bricks. The health department has also pointed out that the lift needs to be fixed and the staff quarters, adjacent to the hospital, are in a dilapidated state.\"Unless the HUDA makes a serious effort to clean the building and provide faculties like power and water, it will not be possible to start the hospital,\" said a senior health official.\"All the details regarding manpower and technical infrastructure have been sent to the head office in Chandigarh. We are now waiting for the building to be cleaned before it is taken over by the health department,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13162722", "title": "Huma\u2019s item song in Michael Winterbottom\u2019s film", "text": "First we had British litterateur Thomas Hardy's 19th century masterpiece Tess being trans-located into Rajasthan in Michael Winterbottom's new movie adaptation Trishna. And if Trishna would be hard to recognize as being inspired by the Hardy novel, we now have news of Michael Winterbottom's adaptation being forcibly moved even further away from its source material in the dubbed Hindi version of Trishna which releases in India in July.A reliable source informs that the Indian distributors of Trishna intend to add an item song to the British director's screen version of the Tess saga. Says the source close to the project, \"The film's Indian distributors think Trishna is too artistic. But it also has the makings of a great masala film. Freida Pinto plays a kind of Mother India who's tossed from one cruel circumstance to another. Women audiences in India would weep buckets over the ablaa naari (hapless woman) act of Freida. And also, let's not overlook the fact, the male audience is also in for a treat. Freida has done some of the most graphic and lingering love-making scenes in the history of films based India. So we see a lot of potential for Trishna in the Indian market.\"To enhance and boost the film's boxoffice potential we hear the Indian distributors have decided to add an item song by Huma Qureshi in the Hindi version of Trishna.Qureshi is the leading lady of Anurag Kashyap's much talked-about forthcoming film Gangs Of Wasseypur . Interestingly Anurag also has cameo appearance in Trishna.Apparently the situation for the item song is interwoven into the plot. Says the informed source, \"Freida plays a wannabe Bollywood actress in Bollywood. In a sequence she visits a studio to meet director Anurag Kashyap and his wife Kalki. That's where the item song will come in.\"When contacted Sunil Bohra who is Trishna 's Indian producer did not try to deny the artistic liberties planned to be taken with Thomas Hardy and Michael Winterbottom . Says Bohra, \"Yes, we're going to have an item song in the Hindi version of Trishna . There's an ideal situation for it in the film when the heroine goes to meet a director. The item song entitled Maintenance meri maintenance is filmed on Huma Quereshi. Ganesh Acharya has choreographed it. It will get our audiences repeatedly into the theatres to watch the film.\"When asked what the Trishna director would think of the tantalizing embellishment to his artistry, Bohra was nonchalant. \"It's not as if the situation for the item song is not there in the film. In fact we're also going to change the posters of Trishna for the Indian release. The international posters are much too abstract. We're planning something far more desi and eye-catching.\"Bohra also expressed his apprehensions about the love-making scenes. \"I can tell you, Freida's love-making scenes in Trishna would set the screen on fire. I am only worried about our censorboard.\"We're also worried about Freida's response to Ms Qureshi stealing some of the thunder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157453", "title": "CPI asks its cadre to hold demonstrations in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP state council of the Communist Party of India has called upon its rank and file to hold demonstrations and rallies throughout the state and at all district headquarters on May 30 against galloping price rise and corruption at high places and for ensuring purchase of wheat directly from farmers.The party has also demanded increasing employment potential of Uttar Pradesh, filling up vacancies in government departments, payment of unemployment allowance to all youths in the age group of 20 to 40 years, strengthening the institution of Lokayukta, cancellation of sale of 21 sugar mills done in Mayawati government and setting up All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in all the four corners of Uttar Pradesh.Briefing the media on the two-day deliberations of the state council meeting of the party, state secretary Girish said that the state council also called upon the district committees to contest ensuing municipal elections on party symbol.CPI state council also elected 25-member state executive council and seven-member secretariat consisting of Girish, Imtiyaz Ahmad, Arvind Raj Swarup, Ashok Mishra, Vishwanath Shastri, Asha Mishra and Sadruddin Rana. CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy remained present throughout the meeting and presented accounts of international and national political scenario besides the decisions taken at the Patna party congress held recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "madhubani/banka", "code": "13159642", "title": "Rs 68.9Lakh looted in two bank heists", "text": "MADHUBANI/BANKA: In two cases of major bank heist, a total of about Rs 68.9 lakh was looted in Madhubani and Banka district on Tuesday.In the first incident, armed criminals looted Rs 46.8 lakh from the Shibanagar branch of Punjab National Bank (PNB) under Benipatti subdivision of Madhubani district on Tuesday.Six armed motorcycle-borne criminals entered the bank firing shots in the air to scare away the bank staff and customers. They simultaneously damaged the CCTV camera inside the bank. Thereafter, the criminals broke open the safe, collected the cash and fled the scene on motorbikes firing in the air as they escaped. The entire operation lasted only a few minutes. None of the bank staff nor customer present in the bank during the heist was, however, injured in the incident.Police swiftly swung into action and teams from Benipatti, Jale, Kamataul, Pupari and Sitamarhi police stations launched massive search operations and succeeded in nabbing three of the six criminals. While one was caught near Kamataul, two others were nabbed near Barari village under the Kamataul police station area. Search for the remaining three criminals is on.Madhubani SP Saurabh Kumar, who is camping at Benipatti, said the arrested criminals include a notorious criminal of Muzaffarpur, Saroj Thakur, against whom several cases of dacoity, loot and murder are pending. He also said the villagers, who helped the police in nabbing the criminals, would be rewarded.In the second incident in Banka district, around half-a-dozen motorcycle-borne armed robbers barged into a UCO Bank branch under Baunsi police station area, overpowered the manager and cashier before looting Rs 22.11 lakh from the cash counter, SP Vikas Burman said. The robbers fled to Jharkhand on their motorcycles with the cash, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157728", "title": "Taps to run dry in Mumbai for 15 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has announced a 15-hour 100% water cut in some parts of the city on Thursday as work on the diversion of a 600mm diameter water main obstructing the MMRDA's Metro rail project in Ghatkopar (W) begins.The following areas will be affected: Jagdusha Nagar, Golibar Road, Altaf Nagar, Gaodevi, Bhimnagar and Bhinnagar Pumping, Ramnagar Pumping, Kathodi Pada Pumping, Anand Gad Pumping Zones, Ramnagar, Hanumannagar, Raigad Zone, Rahulnagar, Varshanagar Pumping and Amrutnagar will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159200", "title": "Patna High Court asks Jal parshad to submit action taken report on improvement of water supply", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court on Tuesday directed Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad to submit action taken report (ATR) regarding digging of boring and other measures taken for improvement of water supply in Patna town.A division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Naseeb Lal Yadav seeking drinking water supply in Gardanibagh locality here.The court directed Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to send tankers to supply water in areas where water supply from the boring-pumping station is inadequate. The petitioner had filed the PIL for improvement of water supply in road No 2 in Gardanibagh locality. The Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad, which digs borings and lays water pipeline for water supply, submitted before the court that boring with pumping stations are being provided on road number 13 and 30 of Gardanibagh and this will create sufficient pressure on water pipeline to improve water supply in road number 2 in Gardanibagh also.Beverage Corporation: A single bench presided by Justice S N Hussain on Tuesday stayed the circular of Bihar State Beverage Corporation which mentions that five employees, who were employed from some closed state corporations, were to get reduced salary.The petitioners, Nirmal Kumar Singh and others had challenged the circular of the Beverage Corporation regarding payment of reduced salary to them equal to the salary drawn by them by them in their parent corporations. The plea of the petitioners was that they were working on the salary paid to the staff of Beverage Corporation after their services were drafted into this corporation hence they should be paid the same salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159070", "title": "Kolkata Police constable gets anticipatory bail in assault case", "text": "KOLKATA: An Alipore session's court on Tuesday granted anticipatory bail to Kolkata Police constable Tarak Das - who is also a local Trinamool Congress leader - in connection with the assault on a fellow Trinamool worker on April 27.Das first shot into prominence on February 28 when the Ganguly Bagan CPM office, which served as former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's election headquarters, was ransacked by Trinamool men during a Left-backed strike. At least three journalists were beaten up for covering the incident. It was alleged that Das was one of the attackers. Police didn't arrest Das in either case.The April 27 incident was allegedly sparked by rivalry over supply of construction material. Pradip Ghosh, the victim, reportedly had a business partnership with Das in the past and was apparently upset when he found Das' brother unloading stone chips from a truck. He accused Das of trying to harm his business, which led to an argument between the two. Das and at least five of his aides allegedly attacked him and hit him on the back of his head with a bamboo stick. Ghosh fell on the road and lost consciousnesses, says his complaint in the FIR. Patuli police registered a case under Section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt with a weapon of offence that is likely to cause death).Locals say Das had initially been warned to \"mend his ways\" by both the local CPM and Trinamool leadership. Locals had even beat him up once several years ago when there were allegations that he was ill-treating his parents. Ghosh's wife Kalpana claimed that even after being suspended for allegedly beating up journalists, Das \"continued to extort local businessmen\". \"My husband has time and again complained to the Trinamool leadership about his activities. That is how he developed an enmity with Das,\" she claimed, denying that Ghosh ever had business links with Das.Locals alleged that this was not the first time that Tarak had beaten up someone. He had also allegedly interfered in a land dispute in Baghajatin. \"There are several cases against him, but all of them are under bailable sections,\" said a police source. After the February incident, police suspended Das on March 3 and he surrendered in Alipore court. The police had then said that he would remain suspended till all the departmental proceedings were over. He was reinstated around seven weeks later. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had at that time denied the incident and claimed that it had been staged and that journalists were \"lying\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157890", "title": "New Delhi Municipal Council areas may pay more for power", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tariff paid by Delhiites living in NMDC areas may see a sharp rise in the coming power tariff order of financial year 2011-12. According to assurances given by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) in last year's tariff order, the regulator has said they planned to bring NDMC tariff on a par with the rest of the city, thus ending the monopoly enjoyed by many VIPs. However, whether this actually happens or not will be seen only when the regulator announces revised tariff for the current financial year in another six to eight weeks.According to sources, inspite of the 11% increase in NDMC tariff due to fuel surcharge applicable from May 14 for the next three months, the overall tariff of NMDC is still considerably lower than that of private discoms BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Delhi Power.According to estimates, the tariff paid by consumers living in areas supplied power by the private discoms is still 17%-21% lower than that of NDMC consumers. \"While NDMC has seen the largest fuel adjustment cost hike of 11% and the private discoms got a hike of 4%-7%, the overall impact does not differ much. While current rates under NDMC are from Rs 2 to Rs 4.35 per unit depending on the various slabs, each having an increase of 11% due to fuel surcharge to be levied till August 14,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13156867", "title": "India bows to US pressure, cuts Iran oil import by 11%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian state-run refiners will import 11% less oil from Iran, the government told Parliament on Tuesday, a day when a US emissary arrived in a bid to wean New Delhi away from Teheran's fuel.\"The target fixed for import of crude oil from Iran for 2012-13 is approximately 15.5 million tonne,\" minister of state for petroleum R P N Singh told the Upper House in a written reply. He said Indian refiners imported 18.5 million tonne crude from Iran in 2010-11 and 17.44 million tonne in 2011-12.India imports 80% of its oil requirement and about 12% of this comes from Iran. But refiners have been tying up alternative supplies ever since the RBI scrapped a regional arrangement in December, 2010, that made it difficult to route payments for Iranian oil.India is one of the biggest buyers of Iranian oil along with China. The US and the EU have been pressuring New Delhi to halt buying crude from Iran as they try to arm-twist Teheran into abandoning its nuclear programme.The government has steadfastly denied any pressure. But it has also been quietly tying up additional quantities from West Asian oil producers, including Saudi Arabia , and looking at other types of crude that are similar to Iranian crude and suit present refinery configurations.During her visit here last week, US secretary of State Hillary Clinton had said India needed to do more on cutting Iranian oil purchase and Washington would send a special envoy to help New Delhi along.On Tuesday, Carlos Pascual, special envoy and coordinator for international energy affairs in the US State Department , held discussions with key Indian officials. Officially, he briefed the Indian officials about the emerging trends in global energy market, especially due to the advent of shale gas.Increasing supplies of shale gas and oil from huge deposits have depressed Henry Hub - the US benchmark for gas trade - and reduced US demand for LNG, or liquid gas transported in ships, mostly from West Asia and Nigeria. Combined with huge shale gas deposits reported from Argentina, Poland, parts of Africa and China have sparked a worldwide clamour for benchmarking LNG, or liquid gas transported in ships to the Henry Hub rather than more expensive crude and put pressure on LNG producers.Even Russian president Vladimir Putin recently acknowledged the threat shale gas and oil posed to Russian state-run oil and gas giants, the biggest suppliers outside Opec , and asked them to prepare for a possible new world energy order.At home, state-run gas utility GAIL has been first to catch the trend by taking stake in a US shale gas firm and tying up shale-LNG at Henry Hub price. This has made it difficult for Petronet, India's biggest LNG player, to tie up additional supplies from Qatar which has indexed its price to crude.Private sector Reliance Industries , the first Indian firm to acquire US shale gas equity, is also eventually likely to bring shale-LNG to India for marketing through its joint venture with BP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159381", "title": "Bus mows down engineering student", "text": "BHOPAL: An engineering student going to appear for exams was knocked to death by a speeding bus of another engineering college on Tuesday morning. The incident took place at Anna Nagar close to the Govindpura police station.Angry over the incident, a few students, who were the classmates of the victim, later assembled at the spot and tried to damage the bus.The deceased Nakul Singh, 20, a resident of Shashtri Nagar, was a student of Lakshmi Narain College of Technology (LNCT) on Raisen Road.\"The student was on a bike and as he slowed down due to some obstruction on the road, the bus of NRI college bearing registration number- MP15-D-1072 mowed him down\", said an investigating official, adding that erring driver tried to flee but the vehicle was seized after a chase by the people.The student sustained grievous injuries in the mishap and died on the spot. As soon as the students learnt about the incident they rushed to the spot and pelted stones on the bus. The angry students also attempted to stage a chakka jam, however, the situation was brought under control by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158011", "title": "Shot J&K; cop lives at All India Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bullets dug open his belly from close quarters but Zubair Ahmed (name changed) did not die. Three days later, when the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police constable was brought to AIIMS from Udhampur, his insides were still bleeding, life was slipping away, but he remained conscious. And now, four months later, as he prepares to get back to work, Ahmed can look back with awe upon the miracle that he has lived and witnessed.Ahmed was wounded in a terrorist ambush in Udhampur district on January 7.\"Infiltrators ambushed the police van he was travelling in and fired indiscriminately. While the driver of the vehicle and the others managed to escape with minor injuries, the 27-year-old constable was mutilated with bullets from a very close range of 10-12 metres. He went into shock and was bleeding profusely,\" said Dr MC Misra, chief of the AIIMS Trauma Centre.Surgeons at the base hospital operated on Ahmed four times in 48 hours to close the ruptured blood vessels and other organs. But when he continued bleeding, they packed his abdomen and shifted him to the trauma centre in Delhi, where he underwent eight surgeries to control bleeding from the lacerated chest and abdomen.\"The patient was shifted to our hospital on January 10. His abdomen looked like a dug up area covered with sponges and white plastic. It was a horrific sight. He was conscious, though. We removed the pack meant to soak the blood. After managing the patient, we conducted vacuum assisted closure (VAC) therapy for healing of the wounds. He had developed septicemia and jaundice while being treated and we had almost lost all hope to save him. His survival is nothing short of a miracle,\" said a member of the surgical %faculty who operated on the patient.Doctors at the hospital said Ahmed is out of danger now. \"We have covered the abdomen by skin grafting using the thigh muscles. He is allowed to eat and can walk on his own. In the last two months since he was discharged from the hospital, he has gained close to 20kg,\" said a senior doctor.Ahmed says he is happy. \"I was staring at death every minute. The doctors saved me. I am planning to join work next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13157897", "title": "Diclofenac threat lingers, though vultures recover", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The continuing misuse of diclofenac for treating ailing cattle has ensured that the threat to three of India's critically-endangered vulture species remains alive and kicking. Even though the Central government has banned veterinary formulations of this cheap anti-inflammatory drug, unscrupulous veterinarians and cattle herders misuse diclofenac formulations manufactured for human application.The good news is that even partial implementation of the ban has slowed down rates of decline of white-backed vultures.This was established in a study anchored by Dr Vibhu Prakash and nine international experts. Dr Prakash leads the BNHS programme for captive breeding of vultures at centres in Pinjore, Assam and West Bengal. For the study, titled \"Effectiveness of Action in India to Reduce Exposure of Gyps Vultures to the Toxic Veterinary Drug Diclofenac,\" samples from dead cattle were collected from carcass dumps and slaughter houses before and after the diclofenac ban.The study established that \"just after implementation of the ban (in 2005), the proportion of samples with diclofenac were broadly similar. However, prevalence and concentration were both substantially lower in the third survey (in 2008).\"In 7-31 months after the first implementation of the ban, the prevalence and concentration of diclofenac in carcasses of domesticated ungulates available as food for vultures had decreased by about a half.As a consequence, \"the expected rate of decline of white-backed vultures has been reduced by more than half.'' The study stated that white-backed vultures declined annually by 44% between 2000 and 2007 but after the ban, the new estimated annual decline rate was down to 18% per year. However, even a decline rate of 18% annually is too high to sustain a viable population of vultures in the long run, it said.Vultures can be virtually eliminated from the countryside even if a small percentage of cattle carcasses have deposits of diclofenac. The study calls for complete elimination of diclofenac as it would be pointless to release vultures bred in captivity into a contaminated environment. Diclofenac has to be replaced by other non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs) such as ketoprofen. At present, the only veterinary NSAID used in India and known to have low toxicity to vultures is meloxicam, the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160310", "title": "I took Bhanu's help: Kalyan", "text": "HYDERABAD:Controversial film producer C Kalyan on Tuesday admitted that it was he who requested Bhanu to intervene and settle the dispute between the two sons of Vemuri Subhas Chandra Bose of Annapurna Packaging Pvt Ltd, Vijayawada.\"I came to know through a newspaper report that Bose knew Suri. Since I also knew Suri and Bhanu, I asked the latter to settle the issue,\" Kalyan said. It may be mentioned here that Suri had threatened to kill Bhanu after coming to know about his aide's role in settling the Annanpurna dispute without his knowledge. Finally, this resulted in Bhanu killing Suri as he feared that the latter would eliminate him.What prompted Kalyan to come before the media, which he had been evading for a long time, was the provocative statements made by another film producer Natti Kumar against him earlier in the day. Kalyan used the choicest epithets against Natti Kumar, going to the extent of calling him a 'pichchi kukka' (a mad dog). Kalyan confessed that he did have a friendship with Bhanu, but said that he never thought that the gangster would kill Suri. Asked how he got acquainted with Bhanu, he said it was during the making of Rakta Charitra-1 , since Bhanu had wanted to see the rushes of the film in his lab. Kalyan, however, said it was through Bhanu that he got to know Suri, whom he had met at Nims.Interestingly, Kalyan said he himself would direct Rakta Charitra-3 and Bhanu's character would also be included in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157432", "title": "Nepal plane crash: Rasna girl Taruni Sachdev's classmates shattered", "text": "MUMBAI: For her classmates, Taruni Sachdev was \"a sweet and chirpy friend who never let her fame get the better of her\".\"I still remember how she would always stand in the front row during assembly as she was shorter than the others. It is very sad and unfortunate that such a beautiful and innocent life was lost in the accident,\" said Sandhya Balakrishnan, principal of Bai Avabai Framji Petit Girls' High School, where Taruni studied in Class IX.The school authorities are shocked to hear that both Taruni and her mother have been killed. \"Her mother Geeta would regularly come to school and was very helpful,\" Balakrishnan added. Taruni's friends visited Mount Mary Church on Tuesday evening to offer a prayer for her. \"The girls are really shattered. They have gathered to pray for the departed souls,\" said the mother of Taruni's best friend.Taruni's funeral will be held on Wednesday and the school plans to hold a prayer meeting on June 7. \"Since the vacation is on, many teachers are still not aware of the accident. I am calling everybody to inform them about it. I will also put this our school's newsletter,\" said Balakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157895", "title": "Traders end strike, vendors protest in Sarojini Nagar", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day the traders of Sarojini Nagar market reopened their shops, angry street vendors held a rally against the Delhi government and the New Delhi Municipal Council. The street vendors claimed on Tuesday that they would go on an indefinite strike if NDMC scrapped the allocation of hawking sites to them.Shouting slogans and holding placards with messages like 'we want justice', 'city is for all', over 400 members of the National Street Vendors Association (NASVI) from across the city demonstrated at the market. \"NASVI has approached the urban development ministry for providing space to all 3,878 vendors who has been found eligible under the 2007 scheme. We want all these vendors to be rehabilitated within the markets under the NDMC area,\" said Arbind Singh, national coordinator, NASVI. A delegation of Sarojini Nagar street vendors will meet NDMC officials on Wednesday.The traders' association had called off their four-day strike on Monday following a meeting with chief minister Sheila Dikshit . They were protesting against NDMC's decision to allot space to additional 112 street vendors in the market.On Tuesday, business was usual at Sarojini Nagar market with most shopkeepers back in business. \"We do sympathize with street vendors. The civic agency should be clear and come up with a feasible solution, which is in favour of both traders and vendors,\" said Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159728", "title": "Missing Nashik girls traced to Punjab, brought back", "text": "NASHIK: Two minor girls who had gone missing two weeks ago, lured by friends they made on a social networking website, were traced by cops to Punjab and brought home on Tuesday. Cops said According to police officials girls and women are being lured, abused and threatened through social networking sites on a large scale but most of the time the victims are reluctant to file complaint fearing it may bring disrepute to their families.The Panchvati police and the officials of the cyber crime cell brought the two minor girls home safely from Punjab. The online friends of the girls had lured them to Punjab.According to the Panchavati Police, the girls had gone missing from their homes two weeks back. The girls left their respective homes saying that they were going to give their examinations. One of the girls also stole some cash and jewellery from her home. The boyfriend of one of the girls, who she had met on a social networking website, resided in Punjab.With a team of policemen working under the guidance of senior police inspector Sudam Valke, the case was cracked and the girls were brought home safely. Assistant inspector S T Gaikar said that after a missing complaint was lodged, the initial investigations were centred around checking the friend circle of the girls.It was revealed that the girls were internet geeks and used to constantly chat with strangers online. Cops managed to glean the location of the duo by tracing one of the girls' online friends and making him call the girls and get them to reveal their location to the boy.\"We chanced upon a common facebook friend of the girls, who was from Nashik itself. His interrogation revealed that the girls had given him the last call on his phone before leaving for Pathanpur. After that it was just a matter of using the youth as a tool to reach the girls. We asked the youth to speak to one of the girls on her mobile on the basis of which the location of the girls was tracked. The girls were located at Pathanpur,\" said Assistant Inspector ST Gaikar.He said initially the girls were reluctant to inform the youth about their location, however, the youth spoke to them exactly the way the police wanted him to speak with the girl after which the girl called him to Punjab. A team of the Panchavati police than rushed to Punjab along with the youth and their parents and took their custody.Meanwhile, Gaikar said that many girls were falling prey to those operating accounts on social networking sites and that parents should ensure that they educate their children.Officials at the cyber crime informed that in the past two to three years they had received over 200 complaints at their department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158149", "title": "Now, an NGO bats for the Bus rapid transit stretch", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh twist in the PIL being heard by the Delhi high court on utility of the BRT corridor, another NGO has moved court against scrapping of the project.National Alliance of People's Movement, an umbrella organization has sought to be heard as a party to the PIL where HC has ordered a review of the utility of the corridor. Arguing against any move to scrap it, the NGO is likely to field rights lawyer Prashant Bhushan to make their case for retaining the corridor, arguing in essence that it serves the needs of the masses that use public transport.Seeking to be impleaded as a party in the PIL, the applicant argues the problem lies in lack of proper implementation of the BRT project and not in the corridor which needs to be extended throughout the city and be fully integrated so that public utility buses can be increased and people be encouraged to use it instead of private vehicles.The application argues that any review study on the effectiveness of the corridor must also take into account benefits to public transport and not just limit it to inconvenience caused to private vehicle commuters.The application also points out that jams in the city are not peculiar to the corridor but can be found at various stretches everywhere. Backing the corridor as a good policy move that needs better implementation, the application opposes some of the arguments raised against the corridor by the NGO that filed the PIL, Nyay Bhoomi.Earlier on Nyay Bhoomi's plea seeking permission for autorickshaws and cars to run on the BRT corridor, HC had directed a scientific study by CRRI which began trial run last week.In its petition NGO Nyay Bhoomi had argued that \"for smooth traffic movement on the BRT corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand flyover, the government should not restrain vehicles other than buses to ply in the bus lane.\" It stated that there are over 73 lakh vehicles on Delhi roads, in comparison to 32,000 buses and roads for other vehicles remain clogged even while the bus corridors remain empty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158762", "title": "Now, every building block will need computer's nod", "text": "CHENNAI: Builders often blame the delay in project clearances for escalating costs of apartments. In an effort to fix this problem, the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) and the Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) - the two regulatory agencies - will introduce an automated system to scrutinise building plans. Computers will run through the soft copy of the plans and point out irregularities, if any.\"Such work, when done manually, take 3-5 days depending on the size and complexity of design of the proposed building. But the auto DCR (development control rules) system does it in a matter of 15 minutes,\" said an official. To start with, plans of low-rise buildings in the CMDA will be scrutinised. High-rise buildings will be covered later. In the DTCP, multi-storeyed buildings will be covered form the start.The software was tested at the DTCP office a week ago. \"The system can check site plan, elevation of the building, floor plan and even provision for sewage treatment plants. We have suggested some corrections in the system and are seeking feedback from builders. It should be ready for use very soon,\" said the official.To allow members of the public to access and submit applications for project approvals, the regulatory agencies will open separate portals. In the system, the suitability of the site for the project cannot be checked or property documents scrutinised.However, it may be too early to give up manual verification totally, said the official. \"For now, we plan to follow up the computer scrutiny with one round of manual verification.\"Apart from the CMDA and DTCP headquarters, the automated verification system will be introduced in a phased manner in all regional offices of the DTCP, composite local planning authorities and new town development authorities. In the first phase, places like Chengalpet, Mamallapuram, Hosur, Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy, Tirupur, Vellore and Tirunelveli will be covered. \"Apart from providing training to planners in those areas, we also need to sensitise the community on the automated route,\" said another official.While the CMDA receives about eight applications a month seeking approvals for high-rise buildings and a few dozen seeking approval for low-rise buildings, the DTCP headquarters receives 4-5 applications (for buildings exceeding 25,000 sq ft) a day. Field offices of the DTCP handle almost five times the load of DTCP headquarters. Prakash Challa, a leading builder, said, \"We welcome the move. The CMDA should cover multi-storeyed buildings at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158010", "title": "Woman's body found in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The naked body of a woman in her early thirties was found in Seelampur on Tuesday afternoon. This is the fourth incident in a month of a woman's body being found in the capital.Local people helped police establish the identity of the woman as Madhu, a resident of the area. Police said she was murdered elsewhere and her body was dumped near a construction site.\"A passerby spotted the body and called up a PCR van. She had injury marks on her body and left side of her face was completely disfigured with a sharp weapon,\" a senior police official said.Police suspect that her husband, identified as Sunil, murdered her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159376", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education asks schools for list of D Ed students", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE) has instructed that a list of students admitted under the Diploma in Education (D.Ed) course be provided to the board by all the affiliated institutions, an official spokesperson said.The Board had issued a circular on Tuesday that the list of all the students admitted in the 2011-12 session be provided through MP Online from May 17 to May 28.Besides submitting the admission lists online, the concerned institutions should also produce an original and a copy of the list signed by the district education officer (DEO) or his representative at the D.Ed section of the Board Office within the stipulated time, the spokesman said .Once the forms are submitted online, a unique number would be generated for each student which would be required for the online application of the student for the D.Ed exam. Institutes can download the admission list format from the board website www.mpbse.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157548", "title": "Naxals step up violence in Gadchiroli on Bandh eve", "text": "NAGPUR: The red rebels ushered violence in Gadchiroli district on the eve of their Bharat Bandh call for May 16 with arson, kidnapping and exchange of fire with police. They set a timber stack in the forest afire followed by kidnapping of former civic body representatives and political activists in Jimulgatta in Aheri taluka in south Gadchiroli. In another incident, Naxals and police exchanged fire in Korchi in northern part of the district.Timber worth Rs 7 lakh was gutted at Jimulgatta in the wee hours of Tuesday. It is learnt that a group of armed Naxals set the beat ablaze. High quality teakwood turned to ashes in the fire. The Naxals also left behind a poster at Jimulgatta Gram panchayat office appealing to the local population to observe Bandh on Wednesday. The Naxals have called a bandh in states like Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and three districts of Maharashtra including Gadchiroli, Gondia and Chandrapur.Though not confirmed by the police, it is learnt that the rebels later abducted ex-sarpanch of Jimulgatta Pulayya Veladi, former zilla parishad member and Nationalist Congress Party activist Ramnayya Yadowar and gram panchayat member Vyankati Medhi. The reason behind the kidnapping is also not known.A senior officer said Naxals could have taken away the persons in order to negotiate with them about certain deals pertaining to the ongoing tendu leaves. \"We cannot call this kidnapping,\" said the officer. He argued there has been no report from anyone regarding the kidnapping. Additional SP, Aheri, Sudhir Hiremath said that operations and area domination exercises have been stepped up in certain areas as per inputs received. \"We have been continuously conducting operations and increasing the pressure on them,\" he said.In another incident, security forces exchanged fire with Naxals in the jungle of Korchi. A claymore mine, bharmar rifle and nine backpacks were recovered after the encounter. Some Naxal literature was also recovered from the place. Pamphlets have also been traced at Dhanora urging the local population and traders to observe daylong bandh.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said that security forces are gearing up to thwart the Naxals and ensure their bandh is ignored. He also said that police would remain alert in the district and ensure that the interstate roads were not blocked by the Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157286", "title": "Telecom companies lobbying to nullify Trai proposals: Gurudas Dasgupta writes to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid a high-voltage campaign by telecom companies against the proposed reserve price for spectrum auction, senior CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warning about telecom companies getting back to lobbying to force the government to \"nullify\" the telecom regulator's recommendations.\"It is with a sense of unease that I have been observing news reports that heads of major telecom companies have been repeatedly meeting with different ministers and senior government functionaries in a concerted attempt to coerce the government to nullify Trai's recommendation on 2G spectrum pricing,\" he said in a letter on May 11.\"In a clear indicator of the corporate world closing ranks, the major telecom operators are in one voice seeking to force the government into ensuring that they continue to retain the advantages of having easy, underpriced access to scarce spectrum in one of the world's largest markets,\" he said while asking the PM to ensure that companies do not decide the future of the sector.While referring to the claims made by telecom companies that tariffs would double if the regulator's prescription was accepted, the Left leader also pointed to Trai's estimates which put the impact at 3-4 paise a minute.\"It (the companies') is a thoroughly mischievous argument. It appears that pressure is also being mounted through diplomatic channels to ensure that international investors do not suffer,\" Dasgupta said.He went on to point out that the targets on increasing penetration had been reached ahead of schedule and companies were making 30-40% operating profit despite tariffs in India being among the lowest in the world.Dasgupta made a special mention of Telenor, which holds 67% stake in Unitech Wireless and has seen its 22 licences cancelled by the Supreme Court.\"One of the investors Telenor has been repeatedly threatening to exit from the sector. What needs to be borne in mind is that Telenor was already a player in the Asian markets prior to entering the Indian market and would have been aware of the issues surrounding the allocation of these 2G licences,\" he said.He pointed out that it seemed Unitech was in talks with other foreign telecom companies too, but they chose not to enter into any agreement with Unitech in view of the cloud hanging over the entire issue \"Entering into agreement with Unitech is an informed business decision that Telenor had made,\" Dasgupta said, adding that the nation should not be made to pay a price \"for any error in judgment that the company may have made\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158845", "title": "'Textbooks sans cartoons take life out of learning'", "text": "CHENNAI: Politicians may think a blanket ban on cartoons in school textbooks is a good idea but members of the academic fraternity are opposed to the idea. Cartoons not only help liven up and simplify subject matter but also help children look at things in a different perspective, feel teachers and educationists.\"The government has banned cartoons at a time when we are thinking of introducing digital content in classrooms to teach children better. It is not right to deprive children of visual element in learning,\" says education consultant K R Maalathi.The government on Monday said it had issued directions to NCERT to not distribute textbooks with cartoons. The decision comes in the wake of a controversy surrounding a cartoon featuring leader B R Ambedkar, which was removed from textbooks.\"When a cartoon is about national leaders, you need to understand that children don't understand the nuances. But to have a blanket ban is ridiculous,\" says Maalathi.Lower and middle school students read textbooks when there is a humorous touch to the content, says K Tanuja, a teacher of Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya. \"It works well with science, geography, social studies, English or other languages,\" she says.Teachers say that cartoons act as visual aids. \"Not every child can go through pages of heavy text. Cartoons make lessons more interesting,\" says Sara Alexander, vice-principal of Spartan Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Mogappair.Jashoda Sundar, English teacher at Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya, says that cartoons help children look at subjects with a different perspective. \"Many English textbooks have stories in the form of comic strips. Oxford University Press has brought out books like these for class IV, V and VI,\" she says. \"And children are excited by it as textbooks are usually dry.\"She says that the reaction of the government to the Ambedkar cartoon is excessive. \"Ambedkar's grandson has come out and said that the leader would not have objected to the cartoon. But I think that we, as a nation, have lost our sense of humour,\" she says. \"Withdrawing textbooks and introducing new ones would mean great expenditure.\"However, some academicians differ. \"I feel cartoons should be banned in textbooks because books are sacred. There should not be any mockery of leaders,\" says Revathi Sridharan, former principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya. \"But there can be cartoons in primary school books as children will like them.\"The govt on Monday said it has issued directions to NCERT to not distribute textbooks with cartoons. The decision comes after a controversy over a cartoon featuring B R Ambedkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160277", "title": "Eflu VC to take on board views of all", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after she took charge, the newly-appointed vice chancellor (VC) of English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu), Sunaina Singh, was bursting with ideas to better the academic atmosphere on campus. At a media conference held in the city on Tuesday , Singh said that her first job would be to build consensus among students, teaching and non-teaching staff. Ever since previous VC Abhai Maurya had stepped down in June 2010, the campus did not have a head and was caught in an administrative quagmire and torn by group politics.Singh, who was heading the English department of Osmania University until Monday, said that she would be working with all stakeholders to sort out issues. Her first job would be to hold talks with the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) to get funds and support for various projects , which have been pending for some years now. From developing new campuses in Haryana and Kerala to finding a permanent campus for the university in the state, the new vice-chancellor said that all administrative matters were going to be put in top gear. Admitting that there was no scope for further expansion of the campus , she said that she would have to hold talks with all stakeholders of the university to decide what the future course of development should be. \"Infrastructure including accommodation for students and staff is an issue we need to look into soon,\" the VC said.Referring to the allegations of mismanagement of funds in the past and police inquiries into the same, Sunaina Singh said that no one would be spared if found guilty. In the past there were problems because of alleged misuse of university funds by some members of the administrative staff. In a bid to win over student unions, whose major complaint was about a hostile administrative staff, Singh said that she was planning to do away with certain barriers to make the administration more inclusive. \"My experience of working in Osmania University , where students are allowed to voice their concerns, will be replicated in dealing with issues on Eflu campus. There will be no underhand deals in the university. Everything will be made public and transparency will be the motto,\" said Singh. Interestingly, Singh is the first Hyderabadi to make it to the top post of the institution which became a central university in 2007.Responding to demands of student unions like Dalit Adivasi Bahujan Minority Students' Association (DABMSA) that 35 teaching and 108 nonteaching vacant posts, including the registrar, be filled, Singh said that she would start the recruitment process soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "dabolim", "code": "13158207", "title": "Parrikar may strengthen 'Lokayukta'", "text": "DABOLIM: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said that he his willing to add provisions to the Lokayukta bill to bring it on par with the Uttarakand Lokayukta bill, as per suggested by the NGO's.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar said, \"First let's make the Lokayukta functional; even if I appoint the Lokayukta within 50 days, it will take two to three months to make it operational.He also said that he has to provide space and staff for the Lokayukta's functioning. \"This is not a simple task. I don't have extra space; I have to tender and create posts and acquire people for the Lokayukta,\" said Parrikar.He also said that he will think of modifications only after the Lokayukta operates for six months, and said, \"point out to me what are the difficulties in the operation of the Lokayukta. I will take the people into confidence while making any change.\"NGOs have said that many provisions of the Goa Lokayukta bill are weak and the BJP has promised them that it would bring about an amendment to import provisions to bring it on par with the Uttarakhand Lokayukta bill.The President of India, Pratibha Patil , gave her assent to the Goa Lokayukta bill on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13158662", "title": "Poor results in public exams plague private nursing schools", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If the condition of nurses working in private hospitals is terrible, the case of nursing education in the private sector is even worse.Of the 90 nursing colleges affiliated to Kerala Institute of Medical Sciences, only eight colleges could garner a pass percentage of above 50 in the BSc nursing examinations held in 2010-11.Students of four colleges couldn't clear the exam. Around 4,460 students from 90 colleges appeared for the BSc nursing examination and only 1,255 students passed - a meagre pass percentage of 28.14%.Among the eight, all five government nursing colleges have recorded a pass percentage of above 50. The government college of nursing in Thrissur has topped the chart with 86.21%, followed by Kozhikode government college (79.66%), Alappuzha(67.80%), Kottayam (66.67%) and Thiruvananthapuram (56.58%). Jubilee Mission College of Nursing, Thrissur topped the list in the private sector with 58% pass. Over 28 colleges in the state have secured a pass percentage between 30 and 50.The worst part is that 42 colleges could only secure a pass percentage between 10 and 30, while the score as below 10% for 12 colleges.The four private colleges (one each from Thiruvananthapuram, Kannur, Ernakulam, and Pathanamthitta) that reported a total failure had 127 students who wrote the exam.A college in Ernakulam that had only three candidates also joined this lot as no student passed.In Malappuram, only one student from a private college passed though 40 students appeared for the exam.However, the scene is different for MSc nursing exams. All colleges, including private and government, have performed well.Of the 23 colleges in the state, 11 have scored a pass percentage of above 80. College of nursing, academy of medical sciences, Pariyaram medical college has topped the chart with cent percent pass.In the BPharm examination, of the 27 colleges in the state only five colleges scored above 50 percent pass.The pharmacy college attached to the government medical college in Thiruvananthapuram has logged a bad result.The college of pharmaceutical science at the government medical college, Kozhikode has topped the chart with 60%. Ten colleges in the private sector have recorded a pass percentage below 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159140", "title": "MA paper goof-up: Gujarat varsity decides to conduct Gujarati exam again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) has declared that a repeat paper of Laghushodh Nibandh' will be held after eight days. The repeat exam has been necessitated due to a major blooper where students of MA Gujarati Part I were given paper of Laghuvan Adhyayan'.Students of Gujarati subject were stunned when they realized that all questions asked in the 70 mark paper were not something that they had prepared for and studied during their term. The tense students left the exam centre and discussed the matter with the supervisors.The teachers and students realized that there was indeed an error and the matter was brought to the notice of university officials. \"The entire paper was switched. The exam was of Laghushodh Nibandh and students were served exam paper of another subject\", officials conceded.University officials accepted their mistake and announced that a fresh exam of the paper will be held eight days later. This is the third time around that students of different streams have been distributed exam paper of another subject by university officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13159148", "title": "Government goof-up: Science kids get commerce booklets!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Several class XII (science) students erroneously received career guidance booklets meant for commerce students prepared by the state government.In this election year, the government has come out with a special career guidance booklet of 50 pages for students of both the streams. The booklet guides students regarding various career options, job opportunities, professional and post graduate courses. The booklets have been designed by the technical education department.However, students in at least four city schools were surprised to find booklets meant for commerce students. When the students went to complain, the school authorities told them that they would get the booklets as and when they receive the stock from the government.School authorities said that the mistake happened because booklets of both the streams are of same colour.Congress has been publishing such booklets for last seven years and distributes them free of cost to students. It is for the first time that the state government has taken such an initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158577", "title": "Red-tape adds to Nepal plane crash relatives\u2019 agony", "text": "MUMBAI: Leaving their two daughters at home in Tardeo, 54-year-old Kamal Arora and his wife Menaka (52) left for a pilgrimage to Nepal along with their son Shiv (20). Those who remained are the only survivors of that nuclear family unit. Kamal, Menaka and Shiv were among the 15 people who died in the Nepal plane crash on Monday. For Vidhi (29) and Prerna (25), the wait for the bodies of their parents and brother gets longer as a lengthy list of certificates and clearances is required to bring the remains back to Mumbai. Funeral details remain unsure because of the procedural formalities involved. \"Last I heard only one body had been identified because all of them were in such a bad state,\" said a relative of the family.The relative listed a series of clearances that the family requires from Kathmandu and in Mumbai after the bodies arrive here. The clearances at Kathmandu, the relative said, include a police no-objection certificate, a post-mortem report, an embalming certificate, passport cancellation and an embassy letter for transferring the bodies. The assents at the airport in Mumbai include the Customs clearance, a certificate from the airport health department as well as police and security clearance. \"Our family is in grief and look at the amount of paperwork involved just to get the bodies back,\" said the relative.Kamal ran a store selling imitation jewellery. The Aroras' apartment at Great Eastern building at Mumbai Central remained locked on Tuesday while relatives congregated at a flat on Pedder Road. Menaka's brothers and Kamal's brother are believed to have gone to Kathmandu to bring the bodies back.A person close to the family said that Shiv had not planned to go on the trip but later decided to accompany his parents. The Aroras had informed the building watchman before they left on the pilgrimage to halt the delivery of flowers for the indoor shrine because they would not be home for the next 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13159881", "title": "CPM dissidents raise the banner of protest", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Over 500 CPM workers and sympathizers gathered here on Tuesday to protest against the killing of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan in a direct affront to the CPM state leadership. The party leaders had ordered the cadre to not to associate themselves with the programme.CPM Edacheri local committee member K S Bimal, Kuruvatoor local committee member Muhammed Salim, former SFI state committee member and former corporation councillor N P Prathap Kumar, DYFI former district president K P Chandran, who is now on suspension, SFI former district president P C Rajesh and former district secretary Lal Kishore were among the prominent who attended the programme.CPM Koyilandi area secretary N V Balakrishnan, who was expected to participate in the meeting, did not turn up. The party workers and sympathizers who attended the meet were mainly from rural areas such as Meppayur, Edacheri, Nadapuram, Thuneri and Perambra.In fact the CPM district leadership had warned action against those who attended the meet. It is learnt that party state leaders had personally contacted the members to dissuade them from such a move.It was an emotional get-together for many as they had worked with TP while he was in the SFI and DYFI. The speakers lashed out at the 'criminals and the leaders behind the murder' without directly naming the CPM. Bimal, who was the central committee member of the SFI, said TP was instrumental in shaping a new generation in the SFI and the DYFI, who are committed to the ideology.He said it is foolish to think that an ideology can be eliminated by killing a leader. \"Ideological debates in a party will only strengthen its core. TP was not a renegade but a warrior in the path of revolution,\" he said.Sources in the organizing committee said many party workers are waiting to join the movement. \"They are waiting for a confirmation to establish a clear link between the party and TP's murder. More will join us in the days to come,\" they said.The dissidents are waiting for the CPM to take action against those who attended the function. They believe that there will be revolt in the party in areas such as Edcheri, Thuneri and Kallachi if any action is taken against those who participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13158181", "title": "Ponda planning and development authority confusion stalls development", "text": "Ponda: The confusion about the merger of Ponda planning and development authority (PPDA) into South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) has stalled development in Ponda town.Several people wanting to take up constructions have been waiting for about six months to get clearances as the municipal construction licences need PDA approval.The Congress-led government had constituted the PPDA in November, 2011, with the then sitting MLA Ravi Naik as its chairman. The PPDA included the Curti-Khandepar village panchayat area and Ponda municipal area which was a part of the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA).However, inclusion of the Curti and Khandepar village areas in the PPDA had triggered an agitation demanding exclusion of the area from the PPDA.The villagers joined hands and had formed the Curti-Khandepar PDA Hatao Samiti to oppose the move include the villages in the PPDA. The BJP-MGP also had joined the chorus and won the Ponda seat.Following the victory, the BJP-MGP alliance government kept its election assurance and scrapped the PPDA in March 2012. However, the government has not yet merged the PPDA into SGPDA.The town and country-planning (TCP) department had been authorized to deal with the construction clearance files from Ponda town but sources said that the TCP is also \"dormant\" over the scrapping of the Regional Plan 2021.These have virtually affected the clearance of constructions in Ponda town. Sources from the SGPDA revealed that the government has appointed the member secretary of the SGPDA, Rajesh Naik, as a custodian of the Ponda PDA.\"The custodian is empowered only to deal with the construction licences of small dwellings,\" sources said adding that the PPDA is already merged into the SGPDA, and a formal notification is expected to be published after the panchayat polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13159621", "title": "Use of illegal weapons on the rise", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The use of an unauthorized pistol by the son of a Chandigarh police inspector, Parminder Singh Rana, in the kidnapping and robbing of a trader on Monday points towards increasing use of illegal weapons. It's the third instance in the last four days of country-made and sophisticated pistols being used by city youths. On May 11, a 26-year old youth of Sector 43 had allegedly shot himself with a country-made weapon.Rana, who was arrested for kidnapping and robbing a trader, Tarun Kumar on May 14 was sent to three-day police custody on Tuesday. His accomplices are absconding. SHO of Sector 26 police station Shri Parkash, said Rana is being interrogated to ascertain their whereabouts and source of pistol.Manimajra were held and a country-made weapon, two live cartridges and two sharp-edged weapons recovered on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13161280", "title": "Statistical highlights of Delhi Daredevils-Kings XI Punjab IPL match", "text": "NEW DELHI: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Delhi Daredevils and Kings XI Punjab on Tuesday:# Naman Ojha , with 12 dismissals (10 catches + 2 stumpings in 14 matches) is the leading wicket-keeper with most dismissals in IPL 5.# Mahela Jayawardene (56 not out off 49 balls) has recorded his highest score in the IPL 2012 - his second fifty.# Jayawardene has posed a century and seven half-centuries in the IPL.# Mandeep Singh has become the first batsman to manage 400 runs for Punjab in the IPL 5, totalling 408 runs at an average of 29.14 in 14 matches.# Nine batsmen have managed 400 runs or more in the present edition of IPL 5. The five leading run-scorers in the IPL 5 are - Chris Gayle (578), Ajinkya Rahane (541), Shikhar Dhawan (538), Gautam Gambhir (519) and Virender Sehwag (484).# Piyush Chawla (16), Parvinder Awana(15) and Azhar Mahmood (10) are the top wicket-takers for Kings XI Punjab in the IPL.# Umesh Yadav (3/21) has registered his best bowling performance for Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Yadav has taken 14 wickets at 23.42 runs apiece in 13 games in the present tournament - the second highest tally for Delhi, behind Morne Morkel's 21 at an average of 18.85 in 14 games.# Yadav has got his first Man of the Match award in the IPL.# Delhi Daredevils is the first team to record 10 victories in the IPL 2012.# Against Punjab, Delhi Daredevils have won four and lost five out of 9 played in the IPL.# Kings XI Punjab have won seven and lost seven out of 14 played in the present tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159974", "title": "Ruckus at J&K; Bank over forms", "text": "INDORE: Chaos prevailed at the city branch of J&K; Bank over registration forms on Tuesday for pilgrimage to Amarnath in Jammu and Kashmir. The bank, which has its branch at Diamond Trade Centre in Indore, is the official bank for issuance of the registration forms for the pilgrimage. However, due to their inability to collect the form from the bank, a number of people started raising slogans and creating nuisance outside the bank.The bank started distributing the forms from Monday. It is now left with only 60 forms. This year the Indore branch of the bank had got 6,000 forms for the purpose. However, the time allotted for the distribution of forms is between 11am and 2pm. The commotion erupted when some people insisted to get the form even after the allotted time. When told that the forms would be available only on Wednesday, the people got angry and raised slogans.When contacted, Rajiv Dhingra, branch manager, J&K; Bank, Indore, said \"As the time was over, we had to close the counter. But, we will certainly distribute the remaining forms by Wednesday.\"Priced at Rs 15 each, the forms are needed to get a card from the bank which is important to while on a pilgrimate to Amaranth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13158913", "title": "Four murders reported in East UP", "text": "VARANASI: Bid to challenge the authority of a gram pradhan cost dear for a sector in charge of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) Laxman Ram in Birpur village under Bhanvarkole police station on Monday night as miscreants in three Scorpios kidnapped him and also took away his motorcycle. Despite several teams of police being put on the job, Laxman was traceless till filing of this report. In view of the tension prevailing at Birpur village, SP D K Chawdhary has deployed the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC).According to reports, on Monday morning Pawan Rai, gram pradhan of Birpur village, along with the headmaster of local primary school was busy in distribution of scholarship among students. In the meantime, Laxman Ram reached there and asked Rai to show him the account register of the scholarship. When Rai declined, Laxman had a tiff with him. After this, Laxman reached Bhanvarkole police station and alleged that Rai had attacked him. Meanwhile, Rai also reached there and reported that Laxman misbehaved with him in an inebriated state.When Laxman was returning home on his motorcycle after registering a case against Rai, some miscreants in three Scorpios intercepted him near Jagat Narain Inter College and took him away forcibly. It is suspected that Rai's brother Atul, who is a close associate of mafia don turned MLA Mukhtar Ansari, and his accomplices were involved in the kidnapping. Laxman's wife lodged a named FIR against Rai and Atul in this connection.Taking a serious note of the incident, SP Ghazipur D K Chawdhary reached Birpur village at night. In view of tension prevailing at Birpur and the ultimatum of BSP leaders that if Laxam was not rescued within 36 hours, they would launch a massive agitation, the SP deployed PAC and police force at the village to avoid any untoward incident. Chawdhary said that several teams of police had been engaged to rescue Laxman and some teams had also gone to Bihar. He expected that Laxman would be rescued safely very soon.Couple murdered brutally at home: In a sensational incident, Uday Raj Bind (28) and his wife Maya (24) were brutally murdered when they were sleeping on the terrace of their house in Khajuri village under Dehat Kotwali police station in Mirzapur on Monday night. The children of the killed couple informed the police that Uday's brother Jalandhar murdered their parents.According to reports, Uday along with Maya, daughter Manasi (4) and son Kallu (2) was living in a pucca house in Khajuri village while families of his two brothers resided in hutments in his neighbourhood. On Monday night when Uday along with his wife and children was sleeping on the terrace of the house, some miscreants raided the place after midnight. The miscreants slit the throats of Uday and Maya. But the kids were fortunate as the miscreants failed to notice them as they were lying under a bed-sheet. Later, on receiving information of the incident, police reached the incident site and also called the dog squad. Police were trying to nab Jalandhar after sending the bodies for postmortem. The kids were with their maternal grandparents.Tractor driver, brick kiln worker killed: While a tractor driver was hacked to death by some miscreants in Chitaipur area under Manduadih police station in Varanasi, a watchman of a brick kiln was stabbed to death in a loot bid in Ballia district on Monday night.According to reports, one Pappu Yadav, the owner of a Katra (commercial building) and farmer of Chitaipur area had employed Kaju (40), a native of Sahjanwa in Ghazipur district, as the river of his tractor for the past two years. Kaju used to sleep in the same Katra in night. For the past some days Pappu along with his family was out of station. On Tuesday morning, the local residents noticed that the body of Kaju was lying in a pool of blood in the basement of Katra.On receiving information of incident, SSP B D Polson along with police force reached the incident site. The police also recovered the brick used in killing Kaju. The motive behind killing could not be ascertained.Meanwhile, in Ballia the watchman of a brick kiln Umashankar Rajbhar (50) was stabbed to death by two motorcycle-borne miscreants in Kuapipar village under Rewati police station. On Monday night, when Umashankar was sleeping in his room in brick kiln premises, the miscreants raided the place and demanded money. When he informed that he had no money, the miscreants attacked him knives and fled from the scene. Umashankar died on the spot.Police were trying to nab the killers after sending the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159167", "title": "Birds struck down by urbanization", "text": "COIMBATORE: While it is wonderful to see children at play, oblivious to the world outside, their vibrantly coloured kites soaring, the black kites who share their space are endangered by the glass-coated string or manjaa used to fly them. Just last week, a kite was injured as its leg got entangled in a kite string. If it had not been rescued and treated, death would have been inevitable. Although efforts are on to give it an artificial leg, it will never be able to fly again. In the last eight months at least 20 black kites were admitted to the veterinary clinic of the Coimbatore Zoo, said its director K Asokan. It is not surprising that the manjaa was the culprit in most cases. If awareness is not created among residents about the importance of preserving our urban birds, they may very soon become extinct.Growing air pollution and the inadequate prevalence of rats, sparrows, pigeons and chicks within city limits has had a negative impact on the survival of these birds which once upon a time abundantly hovered over the Kovai skies. \"Many kites spotted in the city are tired. Due to the food shortage, their immunity is compromised. In the past year I treated at least 30 kites with infections,\" said Asokan.\"Children should be more conscious about the safety of these birds. Most will understand if the issue is explained to them. If they don't give up flying all-together at least they will be more conscious about not hurting these winged creatures,\" said Asokan.According to bird lovers, black kites are vital to the city as they are scavengers who have taken over from the vultures that used to traditionally perform this function. The vultures have all retreated to Sathyamangalam forests. Kites can be seen near dump yards and meat shops, said S Bharathidasan, secretary of Save Vultures.The several high rise buildings and electric posts, a consequence of rapid urbanization, have also contributed to the decreasing black kite population. As they are soaring birds that focus on the ground looking for prey, they sometimes crash into a building. They also commonly sit on electric wires and occasionally they get electrocuted. Though there are no specific studies on the exact number of Kites remaining in the city, Barathidasan says their numbers are decreasing. \"I have seen many cases where these birds crash into mobile towers and succumb,\" he said.Though Black Kites belong to the eagle family, they are not eagles. Their scientific name is Accipitridae. Although they look like the eagle, there are subtle differences in physical shape. Their tails are sharper while an eagle has a broad tail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157618", "title": "Forum slaps 2,000 fine on paan vendor for overcharging", "text": "LUCKNOW: A consumer forum punishing a paanwallah for fleecing his customers would probably be one of the rarest events. But, an aware consumer can certainly make a difference. In a rare case, the district consumer disputes redressal forum on Tuesday, slapped a paan and cigarette vendor with a fine of Rs 2,000 for overcharging.The complaint was filed by complainant, Riyaz Ahmad, against a paan shop opposite GPO, for refund of Rs 2 along with compensation for mental trauma. Ahmad, in 2007, had purchased a cigarette pack from the said vendor. He was asked to pay Rs 26 for the pack, while the MRP printed on the pack was only Rs 24. The aware complainant asked the vendor to provide him a receipt, which the vendor initially refused. However, on much persistence, he gave the receipt written by him and bearing his signature.\"It is almost unimaginable that a paanwallah gets punished for overcharging because most of us don't even think about seeking a receipt,\" said Mujeeb Effendi, a consumer rights lawyer. In this case, though the complainant paid extra bucks, he kept a receipt as a proof.Though the vendor tried selling the story that he was being framed by the complainant, he could not counter the receipt handwritten and signed by him. The forum took the receipt as strong evidence against the vendor and observed that he has indulged in unfair trade practice. It observed that the complainant should not only get the extra money which he paid refunded but should also be compensated for mental trauma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158230", "title": "East councillors to hold first meet in a tent", "text": "NEW DELHI: Once known to run schools in tents citing lack of resources, the wheel seems to have turned full circle for the Municipal Corporation of Delhi. When the newly constituted East Delhi Municipal Corporation holds its first meeting on Thursday, it will be in a tent.The civic body has hired a tentwallah to make arrangements for the meeting at a park within the Udyog Bhawan premises in Patparganj Industrial area. Sources admitted that the corporation, which was denied space at the plush Civic Centre, was merely trying to make a point.\"We are deprived of basic facilities. There isn't even a proper meeting hall for councillors (at Udyog Bhawan). There is a theatre hall but it cannot be used for meetings. There are no mikes, desks or chairs for the mayor and officials,\" said East corporation's mayor Annapurna Mishra.She said the corporation's demand for proper infrastructure had not been addressed. The corporation is using two floors of Udyog Bhawan at Patparganj as its office. But corporation officials say the auditorium in the building is not designed to hold house meetings.\"Our architect has prepared a plan to convert the auditorium into a meeting hall. But it will take at least a month for translating the plan from paper to reality,\" said S S Yadav, the corporation's commissioner.Yadav, however, said the auditorium, even in its present condition, was a better venue for a house meeting than a tent. \"There are inconveniences. For instance, there are no desks or a proper sitting arrangement for councillors. But we have made arrangements like providing 20 hand-held mikes and will be deploying personnel in each row for carrying these mikes. For the mayor, commissioner and other senior officials, chairs will be placed on the stage of the auditorium,\" he said.But many councillors are questioning the lack of preparedness. \"Why did Delhi government go ahead with the trifurcation proposal when the infrastructure is not in place? There is utter chaos. It is like placing the cart before the horse,\" said BJP councillor Preeti.In contrast, the North corporation will conduct its first house meeting on Wednesday at a well-furnished, air-conditioned meeting hall inside the Civic Centre.And while the East councillors complain about basic facilities, their counterparts in North Delhi are expected to move a motion giving themselves laptops and mobile phones", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13159179", "title": "CBI gets 4-day remand of former CMO Dr AK Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court on Tuesday remanded former CMO Dr AK Shukla for four days in the CBI custody. The remand period will start on May 16 at 11.00 am. The court had earlier granted two days remand, but the CBI needed more time to interrogate Dr Shukla.Therefore, it had moved an application for a remand of seven more days. The CBI had arrested Dr Shukla in connection with the murder of his colleague Dr VK Arya. The murder was linked to the NRHM scam. The investigating officer had stated that it was not possible to work out the case without having Dr Shukla in the CBI remand.Special judicial magistrate (CBI), Neelmanikant Tripathi, observed that considering the gravity of the offence and for speedy and proper investigations, there was ground to hand over Dr Shukla to the Central agency. CBI investigating officer, ASP Hari Singh, had moved the application stating the during two days remand earlier granted by the court, Dr Shukla did not give proper reply to the agency.Against most of the questions, the former CMO either said that he did not remember anything or said that he could not give reply now.The investigating officer further stated that it was not possible to work out the case without having Dr Shukla in the CBI remand.He said that in the previous remand, the CBI put 25 questions before Dr Shukla and the agency wanted to make Dr Shukla sit face to face with many key officials to bring correct facts to the fore.The CBI also wanted to know from Dr Shukla about the criminal conspiracy to kill Dr Arya, the IO added, producing the case diary.Dr Shukla's lawyers opposed further remand and said that the CBI had no evidence against him and yet it is forcing him to give false evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158540", "title": "For easier access, government website to have links to online services", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday announced that an 'online demonstrative services directory' would soon be launched on the state government's official website to enable public access to all the online services provided to them. \"The website will have links to all online services provided by the government,\" she told the assembly.The chief minister said this initiative would ensure people did not have to go to government departments to avail of services. \"It is tough for people to remember the addresses and websites of various government departments,\" she pointed out. The chief minister said the directory would also contain website address, links to services, demonstrative user guide and service status.Stating that her earlier regime's IT policy unveiled in 2002 had made Tamil Nadu a leading state in the information and communication technology sector, she said, \"A lot of services of various government departments are available online.\" Jayalalithaa said a programme to monitor the software would be created to enable authorities to ensure proper implementation of various schemes online and take necessary decisions. \"To prevent hackers from intruding into government portals, steps will be taken to initiate security audits of these portals,\" she said.As part of its e-governance programme, the state has already proposed to set up citizen contact centres to provide various social security schemes online. Following the success of its pilot project in Krishnagiri district, the plan is to extend the e-district scheme to all other districts with funding from the Centre, sources said. With the click of a mouse, the applicants can send requests in a pre-fixed format to government departments to obtain the digitally signed certificates under various heads - community, income and nativity. The automated workflow system of the district administration is delivered through these citizen contact centres with the help of private firms.In Krishnagiri alone, nearly 50,000 persons benefitted from 220 contact centres. The e-district scheme has been evolved to facilitate seamless integration of government departments. This will allow agencies like revenue, adi-dravidar and tribal welfare, backward classes and most backward classes' welfare and social welfare to provide services to the public. With financial assistance from the national e-governance plan, the state may be able to extend wide services, sources said.The chief minister said this initiative would ensure people did not have to go to government departments to avail of services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159175", "title": "Lifestyle to blame for rise in gestational diabetes", "text": "KOLKATA: Shock was written all over Ridhima Agarwal's face. \"How can I have diabetes? No one in my family ever had it. I hope my baby will be fine?\" asked the young woman. The 35-year old has just entered into the fourth month of her pregnancy and her weight increased by 7kg. Her gynaecologist suggested her to get a blood sugar test. Ridhima, pregnant with her second child, was diagnosed with \"gestational diabetes\".Gestational diabetes is a phenomenon that occurs only during pregnancy and goes away after the delivery. The risk of diabetes has increased in women with gestational diabetes that leads to complications during delivery and might affect the child's health in the future. Ridhima was asked to undergo a Caesarean during her second deliver. Her rising blood sugar levels posed threat to her newborn.This is not an isolated case. The cases of gestational diabetes have been increasing by the day among mothers-to-be in the city. Gynaecologists say hereditary factors, coupled with obesity and a sedentary lifestyle, are leading to gestational diabetes in the city.Thirty-eight-year-old Baishakhi Sengupta is pregnant with her first child. She is in her second trimester. Apart from the complications that come with a late pregnancy, she is suffering from hypertension. Baishakhi has been warned by her doctor to eat right because this stage is extremely crucial as there is fear of putting on weight. Since a woman undergoes tremendous hormonal changes during pregnancy, it affects the balance of glucose levels in the body. A high level of blood sugar during the gestation period can lead to metabolic abnormalities in the foetus.\"The baby born to a diabetic mother is usually a macrosomic one weighing around 4 kg. But one must not think he/she's a healthy baby. The new-born usually cannot survive under normal conditions. The baby suffers from hypoxia, hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) and also from a water and electrolyte imbalance,\" said gynaecologist Gauri Kumra.She also adds, \"Gestational diabetes is harmful for both mother and the child. Being overweight and having high sugar levels can lead to complications during delivery. At times the new-born might have deformed lungs or spinal cord due to being born prematurely. Besides, the baby also has a high chance of contracting diabetes later in life.\" Apart from this, the infant, born to a diabetic mother, can face complications like low sugar levels, low calcium, respiratory disorders to severe jaundice too.\"Gestational diabetes, also known as Type 3 diabetes, is becoming very common these days. I have noticed a sharp rise in patients who suffer from high blood sugar level during pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mainly affects woman over 30 years with a family history of diabetes,\" said gynaecologist Arunangshu Chakraborty.This condition can extremely be very scary for mothers-to-be, coupled with the anxiety of complications. But with a few precautions, it need not cause harm to the mother or child. If diagnosed with gestational diabetes, it is most important to follow a healthy lifestyle and have a nutritional diet with plenty of fibre, vegetables and fruits.\"I had to alter my diet and lifestyle during my pregnancy period. My daughter weighed 3.5 kg when she was born. Born prematurely, she suffered respiratory distress syndrome,\" said Vasundhara Khosla, another patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160970", "title": "Shocked Balki remembers late child actor Taruni", "text": "The sweet, impish, 14-year-old who followed a reluctant Auro ( Amitabh Bachchan ) all over the school campus in Paa, is no more. Taruni Sachdev's death in an air crash on Monday has plunged filmmaker R Balki and his wife Gauri Shinde into a state of shock.Grief-stricken and disbelieving at the enormity of the tragedy, Balki said, \"I don't know what to say. I can't believe Taruni is gone. She was quite simply the most versatile actress I've ever worked with.\"Balki, who has worked with the likes of Tabu, Vidya Balan and Arundhati Nag, said, \"Taruni was like Sridevi. She would have a number of expressions to offer for every scene; each one more perfect than the earlier. On the sets of Paa, she was a natural leader among the kids. She could deliver her lines perfectly, without any fuss.\" The director remembered the little girl wasn't the least bit awed by Big B and simply sailed through her role.Said Balki, \"Taruni was a phenomenon of the ad world. Not just me, she had worked with every major ad director. And they would all tell you the same thing. She was one of a kind. Gauri and I had been working with her from the time she was six. She did numerous ads with us. She was amazing before the camera. She could grasp what was required of her even before she was fully told what to do. Why did this have to happen with her?\"Balki's last memory of Taruni is the beautiful lampshade she presented the couple. \"It is one of our most cherished gifts. I've worked more with Taruni than I have with any other actor. She was special and she will remain special. My heart reaches out to her father,\" he sighed.Voices  Priyadarshan I just can't believe she's gone. I'll tell you one thing. I've worked with lots and lots of child actors in both feature films and ads. Usually they're spoilt brats. Not Taruni. She was a very obedient child and a disciplined actress. She would be ready to shoot before anyone else and she knew exactly what she had to do. Her work in Paa and in a Malayalam film starring Prithvi was remarkable. Undoubtedly, she'd have grown up to become an extraordinary actress. But that wasn't meant to be. I treated her like my own daughter. She was a lovely child. This is no way for her to go. Not fair at all.Karishma Kapoor Deeply saddened to hear the news. She was a lovely, vibrant child. So talented. So amazing in Paa. Heartfelt condolences to her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159622", "title": "'Nashik doesn't need a venom collection centre'", "text": "NASHIK: Sarpa mitras (animal activists who protect snakes) have been demanding a centralized venom collection centre in Nashik to curb the illegal sale of venom and to increase the production of anti-venom medicines, but the forest department has rejected this the proposal.On the backdrop of the number of snakes being found in the city and surrounding areas on a daily basis, the Sarpa Mitras had suggested a centralised venom collection centre where the venom of the snakes caught could be collected and given to pharmaceutical companies for production of anti-venom medicines.The former chief conservator of forests (territorial), Nashik, and former minister of forests for the state Maharashtra state, had shown some interest in the concept but the sarpa mitras say that after the portfolios of these individuals changed, the proposal could not materialise. Once again the sarpa mitras are demanding that a venom collection centre be established in Nashik, where venom of snake from all over the district could be collected in one place and then given to a pharmaceutical company. But the forest department has rejected the proposal.\"We do not want to commercialise the idea. Once it gets commercialised, everyone would run after it and it would be difficult for us to manage or keep a track on these sarpa mitras. When people got obsessed with tiger skins, heads, and elephant tusks, it became so commercial that we stopped displaying dead animals. We began burning dead animals once we caught them,\" said divisional forest officer, Arvind Patil. \"The same thing will happen with venom collection. It would become commercialised beyond our control,\" he said.Sarpa mitra Manish Godbole, who was foremost in demanding for a venom collection centre said, \"Our main aim for having a venom collection centre was that sarpa mitras (friends of snakes) would get some financial support. They are doing it for free. If a venom collection centre is set up here, the illegal selling of venom will stop. Moreover, there is a shortage of anti-venom medicines. From where do these pharmaceutical companies get the venom? The venom can be collected from the snakes registered with the forest department after getting rescued by the sarpa mitras, and it will put a stop to illegal venom sale. The venom can be extracted within 21 days and the snake can then be released in the place that it was found, in the presence of forest department employees\".Godbole added that the snakes could be kept in a sarpa udyan (snake garden) for the 21- day period. \"Former chief conservator of forests, V K Mohan had shown interest in the venom collection centre. If the venom is taken directly from the Sarpa Mitras, illegal trade would stop. When Baban Pachpute was the minister of forests, he had expressed interest and we also went to the mantralaya number of times with the details that they wanted. But after his portfolio got changed, the issue was not pursued\".The forest department is against the idea of a sarpa udyan as well. \"Let the snakes remain where they are supposed to be, in their own habitat. Anti-venom medicines are available with the pharmaceutical companies, and there is no shortage,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13158736", "title": "Unaided schools must apply for govt recognition", "text": "BANGALORE: According to a circular by the commissioner of public instruction, all unaided schools having any classes from Standard I to VIII have to get government recognition. All schools should apply to the Block Education Officer (BEO) concerned. A copy of the form is available on .There's also an online registration facility. Feedback can be sent through the website and after taking it into account, the portal will be available from May 25.The circular also states that if a school fails to apply for recognition, action will be taken under section 18(5) of the Act which states that any person who runs a school without obtaining certificate of recognition is liable to a fine up to Rs 1 lakh and in case of continuing contraventions, a fine of Rs 10,000 for each subsequent day. The application can be filed offline too.The department has also informed school managements and the public that parents seeking admission under section 12(1)(c) of the act can apply to schools through admission forms available in Block Education Officer's office, Deputy Director of Public Instruction and also in all schools. The form, which is free of cost, is also available on . BEO's notification is available in the respective zilla panchayat website. Parents who have any problems in this matter can approach the jurisdictional BEO who is the grievance redressal authority under the RTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158026", "title": "Harvard, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad take cues from Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro is getting international recognition. Harvard Business School and Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, have picked up Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's (DMRC) management strategies for further study. That Metro man E Sreedharan's style of functioning has impressed many was evident from the case studies by the two business schools which dwell on his feat of completing projects before deadlines.This was revealed at the launch of a book on the management strategies that spelt Delhi Metro's success. Penned by DMRC's chief spokesperson, Anuj Dayal, the book explores the journey of Delhi Metro from conception to operation stage in detail, giving full credit to Sreedharan, who is now enjoying his post-retirement days. \"The book, '25 Management Strategies for Delhi Metro's Success: The Sreedharan Way', was released by Sreedharan's successor Mangu Singh, who effused praise on his predecessor. The book also talks about all powers being vested with the managing director and cites it as one of the principal reasons for the organization's success. In the book, Dayal says integrity of the people involved in building the system, professional competency, cleanliness and safety, crisis management and delegation of powers are some strategies that are followed at Delhi Metro.In his speech about Delhi Metro's journey, Singh said, \"It was the biggest infrastructure project ever taken up in the country. We didn't have expertise in this field. But Sreedharan tasted success\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158837", "title": "Vehicle runs over spotted deer in Warje", "text": "PUNE: A female spotted deer was knocked down by an unidentified vehicle at Warje on Katraj-Dehu Road bypass on Tuesday evening.Sunil Jadhav, a witness to the incident, told TOI that the deer jumped out from an unidentified vehicle and came under a speeding car near Atulnagar at Warje. \"The deer was perhaps being transported in the van-like vehicle when it jumped out, and came under the four-wheeler which is just behind the vehicle carrying the animal.\"Forest officials, however, refuted the possibility of the doe being transported in a vehicle.Speaking to TOI, range forest officer R S Kadam said it was a hit-and-run case. \"After we were informed about the accident, we rushed to the spot. However, the animal was dead before we could start any treatment,\" Kadam said.Kadam said there is forest near Warje. \"The deer may have come out in search of water,\" he added.Senior inspector Sunil Darekar of Warje-Malwadi police station said the police were informed that a deer has been crushed under the wheels of a vehicle. \"We have made an entry in the station dairy and informed the forest officials,\" Darekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13159139", "title": "Trenchless technology to bring drinking water to Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy Corporation in an attempt to tide over the long-standing drinking water problem of the city and expedite the Rs 221 crore expanded drinking water project has embarked upon a new method known as the trenchless technology, for laying of the main pipes.The ambitions project with help from Japan and the United State's subsidy was launched by the DMK government in 2007 and was to be completed in 2010. The idea was to link the three completed collector wells at Cauvery with the existing water supply system. The inordinate delay of the ambitious scheme to supply 93.26 million litres of water to the people of Trichy was attributed to hurdles in the laying of conveyer pipelines that cut across the Cauvery river from Kollidam at Melur point, a couple of railway crossings and the Trichy-Chennai national highway. As a last resort to expedite the project on a war footing, the Corporation has now taken up the trenchless technology to lay the pipelines across the railway crossings and national highways, said the commissioner of corporation K R Selvaraj who is holding additional charge since March this year. \"It would now be completed by September this year if everything goes according to plan,\" Selvaraj told TOI on Tuesday. When the project is complete, each household will get 180 litres of drinking water every day as against the 135 litre now, he said.The project also envisages the construction of 36 overhead water tanks across the city and only 13 are yet to be completed. Selvaraj further said that the trenchless laying of pipes would be over in about 20 days. Mayor A Jaya accompanied by Selvaraj on Tuesday visited two of the seven spots where the underground water main would be laid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13159221", "title": "Badagas to dig into their past", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: To mark the 25th 'Badaga Day', the community members launched on Tuesday the 'Academy for Badaga Culture' (ABC), a trust which will focus on many things including setting up of a museum for the community's archives.The Badagas, a predominant community in the Nilgiris, have been celebrating May 15 as 'Badaga Day' since 1989. On May 15, 1989, the Badagas gathered in large numbers and took out a rally in Ooty town to show their solidarity. Founder of the academy Manjai V Mohan said, \"The academy will collect data about the community and its important personalities. Also, a list of firsts in the community will be compiled for future records.\"The academy also has plans to set up a wax museum for the important dignitaries of the community. \"A suitable place for the museum will be located soon,\" said Mohan. For the past one month, a book collection drive was conducted by Mohan and about 3,000 books worth about Rs 30 lakh were collected. \"A library will also be set up by the academy in due course,\" he added.On Tuesday, a collection of old photos depicting the community in the past century and photos of important personalities were exhibited in the Young Badaga Association (YBA) hall for visitors.\"No records are available about the community. Nothing much, including customary rituals has been recorded. The academy will take the job of recording the Badaga community's relevance in the Nilgiris,\" said Mohan. The photos on display range from the year 1830 to 2012.The academy will also concentrate on sponsoring education for downtrodden children. \"The sponsorship is open to the public in the district,\" said Mohan.There are around 320 Badaga hamlets in three taluks, Ooty, Coonoor and Kotagiri in the Nilgiris. The population of the Badagas is around 2.5 lakh while the district population is about 7 lakh.\"We will also include in our photo exhibition the 1931 census record, in which the community was classified under the Schedule Tribes,\" said Mohan.While Ayyaru, leader of Nakkubetta (an apex body of the Badaga community) launched the ABC, the photo exhibition of the community was inaugurated by K R Arjunan, syndicate member, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University.M Dheenadayalan, hailing from Kattery village in the Nilgiris, who got through in the recent Indian administrative service examination and the second IAS in the community also took part in the function as a special guest.According to leaders of the community, the Badagas are gradually losing their tradition values. \"To get a grip on it, an academy is a must,\" said a leader of the community. Leaders from various hamlets in the district took part in the function.Meanwhile, the 'Badaga Day' was also celebrated at 'Nattakkal village', located near Kotagiri. Nattakkal is one of the sacred places for the Badagas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158196", "title": "Bluetooth used again to rig exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: It would have passed off as just another case of exam fraud but for the profiles of the accused and their modus operandi.When police on Sunday busted a gang of youths dictating answers for a competitive exam from a private school in Karala (near Narela), they were surprised to find among the accused a Narcotics Control Bureau inspector from Delhi, a Food Corporation of India manager from Lucknow, an MTech professor from a technical institute in Gurgaon, two teachers and an aspiring civil services aspirant. And in a rerun of last year's AIIMS paper leak case, the accused had provided their clients Bluetooth devices to cheat. Unlike the AIIMS test, Sunday's exam was meant for the selection of low-profile social security assistants in the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) yet, police claim, the gang charged up to Rs 7 lakh to provide the answers, and paid Rs 25,000-40,000 to each of their 'experts'.The crime branch's special investigation team (SIT), which caught seven suspects, found the names of 24 candidates who had paid Rs 7 lakh each. Five of these are women from exam centres in Najafgarh and Rohini in Delhi, and Rewari, Jhajjar and Rohtak in Haryana.Hinting at insiders' involvement, police said one of the accused obtained all four versions of the exam papers while two others photocopied and transferred them to the solvers. After this, the answers were dictated over mobile phones. The candidates had stitched Bluetooth devices near their collars and were wearing tiny earphones to avoid detection.What really surprised police was that all of the accused were well qualified and employed.The alleged mastermind , Rahul Yadav (26), is pursuing MBA from a college affiliated with IP University and was to join the NCB in Delhi as an inspector on May 28. His family runs poultry and timber businesses in Badli. Yadav's cohort, Ram Kumar, is an MBA and works with the FCI in Lucknow. He is said to have managed the backend operation. Another gang member, Sumit, could not be caught but is believed to have smuggled the papers out of the exam hall at Pushpanjali Enclave in Pitampura.\"We believe Sumit had set up some persons at the exam centre to get hold of the four sets of papers and make a quick exit,'' said additional CP (crime) Ashok Chand.Sources said most of the candidates who paid the gang were from outer Delhi areas or Haryana and had met Ram at his coaching class. \"Ram also recruited the paper solvers,\" DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey said.The solvers themselves were no less qualified. Vijay Kumar (32), a teacher with an MCD school at Kapashera, is preparing for the state civil services while Manoj Kumar (27) is an MTech who teaches at an institute of technology in Gurgaon. Sunil Kumar is a teacher with a government primary school in Rewari while Yashpal Singh (34) is a social security officer with Employee State Insurance Corporation in Haryana. Another accused, Devesh Dinkar (27), is a science graduate from Bihar preparing for the civil services.\"When we raided the private primary school at Karala, the accused were answering questions from the copies of the papers over mobile phones,\" added DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain.Police are now on the lookout for Sumit in Dadri. A separate probe is on to ascertain why candidates were not frisked for electronic items at the exam venue.Altogether 26,701 candidates from the city took the test for 1,943 posts of social security assistants available across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157844", "title": "Son shoots mother over property", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 60-year-old woman was shot by her son in New Usmanpur, northeast Delhi. Around 2pm on Tuesday, Shanti Devi was in her house when her son killed her over a property issue, said cops. Devi's son, Ramesh Kumar , has been held.According to police, there was an argument between Shanti Devi and Kumar over a property after a court order went against Kumar. Their argument turned ugly and Kumar killed his mother.\"Kumar pumped a bullet into his mother and she collapsed on the floor. However, her 10-year-old grandson was with her at the time of this incident and he raised an alarm. Kumar was overpowered by family members. He was nabbed and the pistol was seized,\" said the cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157690", "title": "UPPGMEE counselling begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: Counselling for the UP Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exam 2012 started on Tuesday. Though the counselling started a little later than the scheduled time, it continued till late night. Dr S Mishra who was co-ordinating for the exam said that the counselling passed off smoothly. It will continue for other categories on Wednesday and Thursday as well. More than 3,700 candidates had taken the test that ensures admission to 400 odd seats in specialised courses across the state medical colleges and CSMMU. The results were announced in a record time of 72 hours. Officials declared the results in two categories namely the MD/MS and MDS.The UPPGMEE was organised by CSMMU on February 26 and 3,243 candidates had taken the exam in the first category, out of which 142 secured more than 75% marks. As many as 2,154 candidates secured 50%-74% marks, while the remaining scored 40%-49% marks. In the MDS category, 579 candidates appeared of whom only eight could secure more than 75% marks. As many as 296 candidates scored 50%-74% marks, while the remaining secured 40%-49% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13159948", "title": "High-speed train project: Japanese team arrives", "text": "INDORE: A Japanese delegation reached here on a day's visit to Ratlam railway division in connection with the proposed project of the high-speed train route between Mumbai and New Delhi by Western Railway on Tuesday.The eight-member delegation appointed by the Japanese government was welcomed by the additional divisional railway manager, Sanjay Agrawal at Nagda railway station. The delegation carried out a window trailing along with the senior officials of the division inspecting the railway track and bridges to run a train between 160 and 200 km per hour, said an official here.The delegation is expected to meet the DRM Ratlam on Wednesday and discuss various issues pertaining to the requirement for running a-high speed train in this route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13160141", "title": "Surge in passenger traffic at Bajpe airport", "text": "MANGALORE: The surge in domestic passenger traffic at Bajpe airport in the past four months can be an indicator of people willing to pay more for convenience.Domestic passenger traffic has increased by 24% at the airport. In the four months between January and April last year as many as 2,444 domestic fights took off from the airport. The number touched 2,784 in the first four months of this year.Close to 46,300 more passengers opted to travel by air this year compared to last year in the same period.Bajpe airport director Vasudeva says that the surge could be an indication of the spending power of people in the region. \"The traffic has not seen a dip despite Kingfisher pulling out its services to Mumbai. ,\" he said.Lata Kini, the president of Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry, admits that the increase in traffic is directly proportional to the rising economy of the region.\"Now that we have direct fight connections to Hyderabad and Chennai with occupancy rates between 60% and 70%, I wonder how these people travelled earlier,'' Lata says.\"The direct flights are a boon for people. If we are travelling by train to either of the two destinations, it will take 15 to 24 hour to reach the place. Now, we can reach there within an hour,\" she adds.According to the airport director most of the passengers on the flights are either software engineers or employees of MNCs in AP and Chennai. \"The airport has a tremendous future if we get the international airport tag. If we get it, more operators will be ready to provide connectivity to many other domestic and international destinations,'' he noted.International passenger traffic in the same period saw an increase of 9% with 86,545 passengers travelling as against 79,469 in corresponding period in the previous period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158096", "title": "Pipelines to be installed in 52 drought-hit Thane villages", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday decided to install pipelines at 52 most drought-affected villages in Thane under the Gramin Payjal Yojana, at a high-level meeting with a delegation of the Shramjivi Sanghtana and farmers at Mantralaya. A decision was also taken to send a special team to study the feasibility of constructing small dams. The meeting was held after villagers had threatened to break a pipeline which supplies water to Mumbai and Thane city.The meeting was attended by water supply minister Laxman Dhobale, tribal minister Rajendra Gavit, Nationalist Congress Party leader Ganesh Naik and 10 representatives of farmers, including Vivek Pandit, a legislator and president of the sangathana.\"Following the assurance in the meeting we have decided to wait and watch for agitation over implementation of the said promises\" said Balaram Bhoir, general secretary of Shramjivi Sanghathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158816", "title": "Woman's charred body found on track", "text": "CHENNAI: The charred body of a woman, said to be about 40 years old, was found near a railway track at Tondiarpet early on Tuesday.The woman's naked body was found but jewellery was untouched with no external injuries on the body. The face was burnt beyond recognition, and the police are investigating if any 'woman missing' complaint had been made .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13160031", "title": "Man charged with petty theft committed 35 years ago", "text": "INDORE: Past (mis)deeds do come back to haunt as Mohammad Iqbal , 55, realized. Iqbal, who committed a crime 35 years back when he was young and unmarried, was picked up by the police on April 29 last month.Iqbal has been charged in a loot case committed 35 years back. The youth has over the years married and settled into a decent business. He head a family that has his wife, two daughters, a son and three grand children. \"There seems to be some misunderstanding by the police as the case was already settled then,\" claimed Iqbal.Now visibly prosperous, the 1957 born, Iqbal, son of Noor Mohammad was booked in 1976 for allegedly perpetrating a loot in Central Kotwali area. The Kotwali police had booked a case against him under the relevant section, but no action was taken against him. The case remained buried in files, until 2012 April, when the Pandrinath police received a warrant against Iqbal from the Central Kotwali Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158622", "title": "Goregaon is shocked at cop\u2019s stance", "text": "MUMBAI: Goregaon residents are peeved at the manner in which the police have handled their complaint against an illegal hawker who allegedly beat up a person. Kavita Thakker, who lives in Rajendra Park, Goregaon, went to the police station to complain about a hawker who she said assaulted a neighbour on Saturday. The police allegedly detained Thakker for over five hours and fined her Rs 1,200 for unruly behaviour.They also slapped a case on her under section 112 of the Bombay Police Act. Senior inspector Arun Jadhav told TOI Thakker had banged a table and raised her voice at the officer on duty.Former IPS officer and advocate YP Singh said, \"Section 112 can be invoked only if a person intentionally provokes breach of peace. To assert one's legal right before a statutory functionary in a vociferous manner cannot be brought within the scope of the section.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13159338", "title": "National accreditation board for hospitals accreditation for JP hospital still 15 months away", "text": "BHOPAL: The city-based government JP hospital's bid to become the first state run hospital in Madhya Pradesh to be certified by national accreditation board for hospitals and healthcare providers (NABH) has been delayed by 15 months. Till then the doctors would get ten new air-conditioners and a canteen facility, as decided by the Rogi Kalyan Samiti (RKS) of the hospital which meet here on Tuesday.\"We have completed the best practices part but as far as the construction work is concerned it is up to the public works department (PWD),\" said hospital superintendent and civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha. NABH is a mark of excellence for patient safety and quality of care for which the hospital was pre-assessed in November 2007.Taking note of the situation and delay in construction work, the state environment and water resources minister Jayant Malaiya has sought an explanation from the PWD.The RKS or patient welfare committee during its meeting approved ten new air-conditioners for the doctors, a canteen facility, re-tendering of machines for bio-metric attendance. The meeting also agreed for the need to enhance hospital security but the measures to curb dog-menace in the campus and the proposal to increase consultation fee from Rs 5 to Rs 10 per patient was also shot down.After the meeting Malaiya along with district collector and other RKS members visited new Reproductive and Child Health (RCH) which would start functioning in a fortnight, according to hospital authorities.The hospital authorities agreed to periodically distribute medicines to pensioners directly from the community health centre (CHC) Kolar.JP hospital caters to about 7 lakh patients every year and generates a revenue of about Rs 3 lakh per month. MLAs, MPs and other civil society representatives also contribute to RKS funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158858", "title": "Civic abattoir likely to be privatised", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is likely to hand over the management of the civic slaughterhouse in Kondhwa to a private operator despite protests from civic activists, who pointed out that the corporation had recently spent over Rs 6 crore for renovation and modernisation of the abattoir.The PMC had invited tenders to run the slaughterhouse, and received five proposals, out of which a Delhi-based company has been selected for the contract.Civic activists on Monday opposed the privatisation plan. \"If the slaughterhouse is handed over to a private player, they will run it for making profits and there will be no control on slaughtering animals,\" said Milind Eakbote, an activist.Another activist, Pravin Chorbale, said the PMC should not consider the slaughterhouse as a source of income. \"The private company is offering high rent to the PMC for running the slaughterhouse. The civic body can generate income from other sources and there is no need to promote slaughtering of animals to raise funds,\" he said.Chorbale said such a proposal had come up in the PMC in 2005 as well, which was pending. Now, the new standing committee should not give a green signal to the privatisation plan, he said.The proposal for privatisation was to be discussed in the standing committee meeting on Tuesday but the committee decided to postpone the final decision by a fortnight.\"We have decided to study the situation. The corporators will visit the slaughterhouse and see what is the best option, after which a final call will be taken whether or not the slaughterhouse should be handed over to a private body,\" Baburao Chandere, chairman, standing committee, said.The PMC has given licences to only 144 shops to sell mutton in the city. However, there are nearly 500 mutton shops currently in operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13157882", "title": "Naxals abduct three, set afire forest depot", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Three persons including two politicians were abducted by Naxalites on Monday night from two different villages in Aheri tehsil of Gadchiroli. Police however denied of having any report of abduction.Sources in Gadchiroli informed that group of Naxalites took ex-zilla parishad member Ramanayya Yadawar and ex-sarpanch Pullayya Veladi from Jimalgatta village into the jungles. Similarly there are reports of abduction of a civilian Bapu Durgam from Malagudam village in same tehsil. Official spokesperson of police in Gadchiroli denied of having such reports.Meanwhile around 150 Naxalites set afire the forest depot near Jimalgatta on Monday night. They set 1,075 pieces of chopped wood on fire. Forest department has estimated the loss of around Rs 10 lakh in the arson. DCF SL Khangar of Allapalli forest division has filed report in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13168680", "title": "A revamped set for F.I.R.", "text": "With the constant effort to gain more eyeballs, producers of the television show FIR have decided to treat its audience and the entire cast and crew with something special.The team of FIR has begun shooting on a brand new set which is bigger and better than the original one. Apparently, a lot of Indian television serials that are doing quite well have adopted a new creative technique - that of revamping sets - in order to deliver a unique experience. Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is one such serial that has adopted the idea.FIR is now being shot in Malad. The cast and the crew are happier in their new surroundings, and are hoping that the ambience and the energy of it translates into more viewership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157557", "title": "Nagpur swelters at 43.7 degrees", "text": "NAGPUR: The sweltering Nagpur summer may just be back in the city. After enjoying many a cool days, Nagpurians experienced a harsh and dry summer day as the mercury rose to touch 43.7 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, making it the hottest day of this season. This phenomenon will continue for the next few days, say the officials of the regional met department.The situation was no different in the other cities of the region. With the maximum temperature of 44.2 degrees Celsius, Chandrapur remained the hottest city of the region, while Wardha the temperatures soaring to 44.0 degrees.\"Since Monday, the cloud cover over the region that was preventing the temperatures to rise beyond a certain point has receded. There still may be thundershower at isolated places but the chances of rainfall seem dismal in this week,\" said the official at the met department.Before Tuesday, the highest temperature of the season was 43.2 degrees in mid-April. After quite a few days when the maximum temperatures remained below normal, Tuesday's temperature was a degree above normal. The weathermen predict that the temperature may rise up by one degree by the end of this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13159117", "title": "Teenagers held for robbing train co-passenger", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two minor boys aged, both aged 17, were arrested by the Coimbatore railway police on Tuesday for looting 16 sovereigns of gold jewellery from a railway passenger on a train bound for Kanyakumari. The boys hailed from Sukrawarpet in Coimbatore and Thiruthuraipoondi in Tiruvarur district and were working as flower-sellers in Bangalore.Police said, B Biju (36) of Palakkad in Kerala, is running a hotel at Mulbagal in Kolar district of Karnataka. He was travelling by the sleeper class compartment of the Bangalore - Kanyakumari Island Express. Biju was on his way to attend his relative's marriage function in Palakkad.When the train reached Tirupur early on Tuesday morning, Biju had gone to attend nature's call. When he came back, he found his purse missing and his bag left open. He also found the 16 sovereigns of gold jewellery he had with and some cash missing. The two teenagers who were in the train till then also went missing.Suspecting their involvement, Biju immediately informed the two railway police personnel Karthi and Elango who were on routine patrol. After a search, the police personnel found the two teenagers travelling by the same compartment with the stolen jewellery and seized it. On interrogation, the boys told the police that this was the first time they were involved in a crime. Police remanded the teenage boys in custody and lodged them at the Borstal School in Pollachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158810", "title": "Results of Dec '10 MPSC examination to be released by end of this month", "text": "PUNE: The results of the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) exam conducted in December 2010 have been delayed till the end of May.Sources said that the delay has been caused as one post in the state excise department and three in the revenue department were reserved for sports quota, forcing the MPSC to remove the said posts from the preference list.The excise department sent a letter about the post to the MPSC only in April, while the revenue department sent a letter in May. The commission had already interviewed candidates in March and was in the process of compiling results.In the last two years, the commission had declared exam results in the first half of May. But it's now struggling to announce the result by the end of this month. This year, the MPSC preliminary examination is scheduled in June. The 872 candidates who appeared for interviews in March do not know whether they should continue their preparations for the June attempt.As many as 4,500 candidates appeared for the December 2010 exam, of which 872 were selected for the interview in March.The MPSC controls most of the recruitment in the state administration. The commission had conducted the preliminary examination in December 2010, followed by the main written examination in July 2011. This exam was conducted for 290 vacancies for nine different posts in various state departments, such as excise, revenue, sales tax and state police.Speaking to TOI on telephone, MPSC secretary Rajendra Mangrulkar said, \"The December 2010 exam was conducted for nine different posts. Of these, the choice for a post in the excise department will not be considered, as per a letter issued by the department. The excise department sent the letter in April, while the state revenue department sent the letter in May. We also faced shortage of examiners and evaluators while completing the result procedure. We will now try to declare the result by the end of this month.\"The government, meanwhile, decided to reserve the four posts for sports quota - one of superintendent in the excise department, and three of 'nayab tehsildar' in the revenue department. As per the MPSC exam advertisement in December 2010, there were 126 vacancies for the post of 'nayab tehsildar'. The number has now been reduced to 123.An official from the commission, requesting anonymity, said, \"The MPSC was known for taking more than a year's time to declare exam results. Over the last two years, computerisation of the commission's facilities reduced the time taken to compile results. This year, too, the result was expected to be announced by the first week of May. The next preliminary exam is scheduled in June this year, and we wanted to finish the results before that. But these two letters put a spanner in the process. The allocation of seats and candidates is a very complicated procedure because of reservations based on caste, gender and physically disabilities.\"One candidate, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"The MPSC should start functioning like the UPSC, which had 1,000 vacancies and has already declared their results. The MPSC, with 286 vacancies, is struggling to compile the results. The protracted process of admission is frustrating because, like me, there are several others who are waiting for the results to make career choices.\"Vaishali Patil, director of a city-based coaching institute, said, \"The state government's general administration department decides the number of seats for recruitment and passes the information to the MPSC. The commission then issues the advertisement listing the vacancies. There have been times when the number of seats required to fill have increased. On a few occasions, the number has reduced, but it usually happens before the interview stage.\"Regarding students suffering due to the long-drawn process, Patil said that the recruitment process has become streamlined in the last three years. \"Between 2000 and 2008, recruitment for one post used to take up to three years. It's a much better system now. If the students crack the preliminary exam, they prefer to wait till the interviews as a post in administration is much in demand,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159479", "title": "600 arms supplied by Bulgarian, Italian arms found to be defective", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 600 sophisticated weapons procured by the government for paramilitary forces have been found to be defective, the government said on Tuesday. All these weapons had been supplied by two companies based in Bulgaria and Italy.Between 2010 and 2012, M/s Arsenal JSCo, Bulgaria, supplied 67,500 AK 47 rifles out of which 49 were found to be defective during joint receipt inspection conducted by the Board of Officers.During the same period, M/s Fabbrica D'Armi Pierto Beretta S.p.A, Italy, supplied 17,000 carbine machine guns 9 mm (MX4 Storm) out of which 582 were found to have defects in their barrel. BSF had placed an order of 34,377 carbine machine guns along with tools, gauges and spares. The defective consignment was the first supply.Government said that the total value of defective AK-47s was Rs 11.66 lakh, and the sum had been deducted from the total cost of the supply order to the Bulgarian firm.In case of the carbine supplier, the government has asked the firm to replace the weapons, valued at around Rs 2 crore, at the earliest.Minister of state for home affairs M Ramachandran said in a written reply in Lok Sabha that both pre-delivery inspections and joint receipt inspections were carried out on all the weapons. He also said that the percentage of defective carbines and AK-47s were 2.44 and 0.07, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159421", "title": "Move to make Kochi's MG Road vehicle-free", "text": "KOCHI: If a section of town planners have their way, then Kochi will get the first pedestrianized zone in the state. Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG) - a city based NGO- is planning to submit a proposal before authorities to convert the busy M G Road into an area where entry of vehicles will be restricted.In their efforts to decongest the commercial hub, BKRG has plans to provide parking spaces on parallel roads like Chittoor Road, Durbar Hall Road and Hospital Road.Explaining the project, BKRG president S Gopakumar said local bodies should identify vacant plots available on pocket road that merge into MG road.The concept is to build double-decker and underground parking facilities in these spaces.A study conducted by the NGO reveals that about 550 cars are parked on MG road, and 40% of these vehicles belong to the owners of commercial houses along the road.Hence to make it a pedestrian friendly space, vehicles should not be allowed on the stretch. Parking lots should be set up at least every half kilometre as this will encourage people to walk.\"Kochi Corporation should take the initiative to negotiate with the owners of the plots which remain entangled in legal disputes and take over those properties. By providing space for land owners on top floors of the parking lots, the civic-body can tide over difficulties of acquiring land,\" he said.Authorities, including Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), PWD and corporation, should come together to execute the project.The NGO told these agencies to revoke earlier projects to widen Shanmugham Road, Park Avenue Road and Banerji Road.Apart from providing people-oriented parking facilities, authorities should also focus on providing amenities that would make shopping on M G Road a refreshing experience.\"There should be scope for entertainment and places where people can sit and relax.\"There should be small spaces for stage performances. Roadside vending machines should be put in place. There is a requirement to improve the overall greenery by making little gardens. The presence of fountains and music troops will add to the charm of the pedestrian zone,\" said Gopakumar.BKRG is also hopeful that the pedestrian zones will result in increased commercial activity as shopping turns into a more pleasurable experience.Kochi metro will bring in more people from the neighbouring areas in time.The NGO informed that they would draft a proposal and submit it before all city authorities, PWD and the state government.TRANSFORMING SPACESThe concept is to build double-decker and underground parking facilities in vacant plots available on pocket roads that merge into MG road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13159960", "title": "Former minister opposes toll booth at Chamravattom bridge", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Former irrigation minister N K Premachandran has asked the government to revoke its decision to introduce tollbooth in the Chamravattom Regulator-Cum-Bridge that to be opened on Thursday.While visiting the project area he said there was no proposal for the tollbooth for the bridge, and the plan to introduce the system was not included in the master plan of the project. Many organizations including political parties have already come up against the government's move to introduce the toll system in the bridge. Premachandran said the state government can take its own decision even though the project was a centre-sponsored one. \"Immediate step should be taken to resolve the issue,\" he said.However, elaborate arrangements have been made for the grand ceremony of the commissioning of the bridge at Chamravattom. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159545", "title": "Hawkers' stir against civic body's drive to evict them", "text": "NASHIK: After the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) took a tough stand against encroachment by hawkers and started evicting removing them, the association of hawkers on Tuesday organised a morcha demanding justice for the hawkers and protection till the 'street vendors' policy' was implemented.Hawkers affiliated to the Nashik zilla Hawkers Tapridharak Union, marched to the NMC headquarters- the Rajeev Gandhi Bhawan-from Bhadrakali Market.They demanded that the NMC should stop the anti-encroachment drive against the hawkers immediately. They also pointed out that a national policy on street vendors was in place and that the NMC must implement it before taking such indiscriminate action.\"The national policy has many things that are considered when any hawkers are to be moved or displaced. However the NMC has till date failed to implement it. Since the hawkers have no godfathers, they are easily targeted by the administration,\" Shantaram Chavan, a union member said.Chavan added that the union had presented a memorandum to the NMC Commissioner seeking safety and security of hawkers till the policy was implemented. \"First make the provisions and then implement the laws. But till then the hawkers should not be harassed by the administration. There could be issues between the administration and the hawkers and the same could be resolved with dialogue,\" Chavan said.He said that the NMC commissioner lent a patient hearing to the grievances of the hawkers and had assured them of studying the situation before commenting upon anything. \"The commissioner has agreed to study the issue and address the same after consulting department officials concerned with the matter,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159745", "title": "Three bikes reported stolen in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Three motorcycles were stolen from different parts of the city on Monday. One Balmurgan Mailraban, resident of the School of Artillery area, has lodged a complaint with the Gangapur police about his bike being stolen.Balmurgan had parked his vehicle in front of the City Centre Mall on Sunday, from where it was stolen by unidentified persons between 2.30-5.30pm. A case was registered by the police on Monday.In the second case, which was registered with the Upanagar police, Vasant Khairnar from Maldhakka Road, Nashik Road, said his motorcycle, which was parked at the Paprikar Hospital in the Nashik Road area, was stolen between 3.30pm-9am between May 12 and May 14. The case was filed on Monday.In the third case, registered with the Nashik Road police station, Sangeeta Shelke from Chehdi Shivar said her motorcycle, which was parked at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) divisional office, was stolen by unidentified persons between 7.30 and 9.30 pm on May 7. The case was registered on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13162081", "title": "Nikhil Chinapa enjoyed interviewing Diana King!", "text": "He is interviewed all the time by journalists, but Nikhil Chinapa's stints as VJ and television presenter have seen him doing a few interviews himself as well. And he says that he had \"real fun\" while doing some of them. \"Interviewing Diana King was really special.I also had a blast while doing an interview with Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy recently because it was a very casual conversation and there was a lot of leg-pulling and funny moments. Then, talking to Fatboy Slim always involves hilarious moments and he has certain quirks that make conversations all the more memorable.\"Nikhil, whose stint as anchor of Splitsvilla saw his popularity soar, promises, \"This time, it's going to the best season till date for Splitsvilla . Just wait and watch.\"He sounds excited about the way electronic dance music is shaping up in India,\"It's exploding! Today, making music has got a lot to do with technology. Earlier, one needed a studio and expensive equipments to create music. Now, you can make a quality song on your laptop and become an expert at the age of 15! Today, some of the most successful music producers are in their early 20s and kids want to explore DJ-ing.\"Quizzed about his stint as the festival director of Sunburn festival, one of Asia's premier electronic dance music festivals held in Goa, he smiles, \"When we started, the idea was to have some of the best DJs from across the globe play there. But it's not just music, but more about celebrating with friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158146", "title": "NCP buys peace with Prithviraj Chavan, agrees to white paper on status of irrigation projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Water resources (irrigation) minister Sunil Tatkare said his department will soon present a comprehensive white paper on the status of irrigation projects, to buy peace with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"We have taken note of Chavan's statement, we are drafting a comprehensive white paper on irrigation projects executed or approved between 1995 and 2011, their cost and land under irrigation. We are sure the exercise will be completed in a time-bound period,'' Tatkare told ToI.On May 4, when leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse and legislator Ganpatrao Deshmukh expressed doubts over the irrigation department's performance, saying between 2001 and 2011 only 0.1% additional land was brought under irrigation, Chavan had expressed displeasure over the dismal performance of the department, held by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) since 1999.Chavan had announced that his government would bring out the paper on irrigation projects. On May 11, he iterated that his government was committed to the paper. At a time when it appeared that Chavan was targeting NCP president Sharad Pawar , Tatkare unexpectedly stepped in to announce that his department would come out with the paper. \"We will have to study if the department's performance was up to the mark or there were errors in decision-making,'' Tatkare said.On the 747 ongoing irrigation projects, which will require Rs 75,367 crore, Tatkare said he was redrafting the department's strategy to complete 199 projects which are nearing completion. \"For the 199 projects, we will require Rs 4,128 crore. If we accept the concept of annuity, it should not be difficult to complete the projects in two years. In that event, there will be a marked improvement in drought-prone areas across the state,'' Tatkare said.He said that when the Planning Commission approved Maharashtra's plan for 2010-11, it had permitted the state government to secure a loan of Rs 4,000 crore. \"The Union finance department has not approved the proposal but we are sure that as a special case, the Centre will grant us permission to secure the loan for completion of projects nearing completion.\"As per the annuity plan, the contractor will have to raise a loan of Rs 4,000 crore from financial institutions and complete the 199 projects. \"For securing the loan, the contractor will sign a tripartite agreement with the state government and bank, and we will repay the loan in 10-15 years from the irrigation department's budgetary provisions,'' he said.Tatkare made it clear that while executing the annuity formula, it will be done within the frame of article 371 (2), which gives special powers to the governor on allocation of funds for removal of regional imbalance. Once our basic ground work is over, we will submit a comprehensive proposal to the governor, if he approves, then only it will be implemented,'' he said.PENDING PROJECTSRegion...................... Projects....................CostKonkan.......................3...........................187.86*Eastern Maharashtra.........6...........................57.79Krishan Valley..............25.........................719.36Marathwada..................7...........................74.97Vidarbha....................17..........................2,136.88*In rupees crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13161437", "title": "This IPL season has been good for me: Umesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Daredevils' pacer Umesh Yadav said this IPL edition has been a \"lot better\" for him than the last season after his Man of the Match performance helped the hosts register a five-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab and qualify for the knockout stage of the tournament.\"I also think that this is one of my best performances this season. My last IPL wasn't that good but this season has been a lot better. I'll continue my progress and try to come up with even better performance,\" said Umesh, who took three wickets to restrict Kings XI to a modest total of 136/8 on Tuesday.Delhi managed to reach the target with an over to spare and consolidate their position at the top of the table with 20 points.Umesh said the team will not take the coming games lightly against the Royal Challengers Bangalore on May 17 and Kings XI on May 19 at Dharamsala.\"We are not going to take our coming games lightly. We are going to give our best to win the remaining matches also,\" he said.Chris Gayle's devastating form has clearly been playing on the minds of the Delhi Daredevils' players as Umesh admitted that the explosive Jamaican's early dismissal will be the key to his team's success against the RCB at the Ferozeshah Kotla stadium.\"Obviously before playing RCB, we will make our strategies and plans. We need to get him (Gayle) out early. Our plan would be to restrict their scoring and bowl them out as soon as possible,\" he said.Talking about the Daredevils' present IPL season, Umesh said, \"Last year due to some wrong combinations our team was not able to perform to its capability. With the addition of Mahela Jayawardene and Ross Taylor, our batting line-up looks solid. We will hope to continue to perform the same way as we are performing right now.\"The Vidarbha pacer also said the pressure would be slightly less in the coming games with the team already assured of a play-off berth.\"Pressure would be slightly less but we will look for wins in remaining fixtures.\"Asked about the Kotla strip, he said, \"The pitch was good for both batsmen and bowlers. It wasn't like it was helping the bowlers more. All we were thinking was to bowl in the right areas and that helped our team. Varun Aaron bowled well, overall it was a good outing for our fast bowlers.\"New Zealand captain Ross Taylor's form has been a cause of concern for Delhi Daredevils but Umesh said he would soon find his lost touch.\"It's not necessary that if Ross is not at his best now, he would never hit his form. I feel in the coming matches he is going to come up with some crucial contribution for the team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13158473", "title": "Teenager raped, stoned to death in Angul", "text": "Angul: A 17-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a youth at Baghuapata within Angul's Purunakota police limits on Monday. The girl's body was recovered on the outskirts of the village on Tuesday. She had been gagged and stoned to death, after being raped.On Monday, the deceased of Madhupur village within Bantala police limits had gone to Baghuapata to collect mangoes. When she did not return home, her family looked for her but could not find her. Later, the villagers found her body.The brother of the deceased has accused that a youth of the locality has raped and murdered his sister. SUCI activist Manas Kumar Pal alleged that though the incident took place in broad daylight, police have failed to nab the culprit.\"We have registered a case and identified people involved in the crime. The culprit will be arrested soon,\" said Angul SP Satyabrata Bhoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158183", "title": "Capital shuts door on Burmese refugees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 2000 impoverished Burmese asylum-seekers from across India, camping on the streets of Delhi pleading for refugee status were dealt a double whammy. On Tuesday afternoon, even as a delegation of Burmese met UN officials to sort out their problems, they were forced out of their temporary shelter in Vasant Kunj by police, dumped into buses and rickshaws and told to find their way home. To make matters worse, their leader, Zia-ur Rahman was whisked away from the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) at Vasant Vihar from where he went missing for several hours.Ironically, the harsh treatment meted out to them by police occurred at precisely the same time that UNHCR officials eulogized the generosity of the Indian government towards asylum-seekers and highlighted the government's decision to give them long-term visas. Many believe the speed with which police dismantled their dwellings had much to do with local pressure from Vasant Vihar and Vasant Kunj RWAs as well as some village mahapanchayats who did not want the refugees in their backyard.On Tuesday morning, as Zia-ur Rahman stood outside the Sultan Ghari monument where the refugees had taken shelter, he said he was afraid police were after him. His fears were not unfounded. Rahman was amongst the delegation who met UNHCR officials later in the day. The refugees were not allowed to carry their mobile phones into the UN office, and chose to leave them with Shivani Nath of the JNU student union.The police prevented Nath, as well as the media, from standing on the road outside the UNHCR office as the Burmese delegation walked out of their meeting. The delegation of asylum-seekers was not allowed to reclaim their mobile phones and was bundled into three cars. While two of the cars reached Vasant Kunj soon after, the car in which Rahman was travelling went missing. Refugees called frantically on his mobile to report his absence. UNHCR officials said they had no knowledge of his disappearance. Police, too, denied detaining him.Fellow refugees say they found him at Kashmiri Gate on Tuesday evening, several hours later. JNU students say he called the students' union later in the evening to say that he had been detained by police.As the refugees waited for the delegation to return, the police sprang a surprise. \"Our shelters were dismantled and we were asked to vacate in five minutes. The police threatened to beat us if we did not leave,\" said Zohra Begum, an asylum-seekers who met TOI at Nelson Mandela Marg, at least 2km away from Sultan Ghari. The Burmese, who were made to walk the distance, balancing their belongings on their shoulders, were put in buses and rickshaws. Many of them are now living in UP, Jammu and Rajasthan. The police told them to return to their homes or risk deportation to Myanmar .The Rohingya say they were living in extreme poverty in India and had been denied refugee status. But the UNHCR said that the asylum-seeker card protected them from deportation and was enough to allow them access to healthcare and education facilities. The Rohingya say this is not the case at the ground level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13159663", "title": "Akhil Gogoi to form party in 2015", "text": "GUWAHATI: Putting to rest all rumours doing the rounds, firebrand Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader and Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi on Tuesday announced that he will form a political party in 2015-16, but will not immediately contest elections.Addressing mediapersons, Akhil took a dig at the opposition BJP and the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), calling the two parties followers of the 'anti-people' new economic policy introduced by the Congress when Manmohan Singh was finance minister in the early 90s.\"As the misrule of the Congress-led government has reached new heights and both AGP and BJP have failed to meet the expectations of the people of Assam and colonial exploitation still going on, we have decided to struggle for establishing gana swaraj, through a political party. We have no intention to join electoral politics,\" Akhil said.He accused chief minister Tarun Gogoi of creating space for Maoists in the state by bulldozing democratic voices.\"The Tarun Gogoi government by forcefully drubbing democratic movements like the anti-dam stir in Dhemaji and Lakhimpur with police atrocities, is giving space to Maoist activities. Repressive policies have taken the place of democratic movements in the state due to the dominating policies of the government. In such a situation, armed rebels will emerge as the new opposition,\" the KMSS leader said.KMSS, along with eight other organizations, has announced a day-long agitation programme across the state on Wednesday in protest against the recent alleged atrocities committed by state police and CRPF on anti-dam activists in Lakhimpur.Speaking on the recent power crisis in the state, Gogoi said that the power crisis was intentionally created by the Power Grid. He demanded an inquiry into the week-long power crisis. \"The power crisis was an artificial one created intentionally by the Power Grid Corporation to convince the people about the need of mega dams,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13158186", "title": "Cops find no link in 2 Ponda murders", "text": "PONDA: Stating that the modus operandi used to kill two women in Ponda and Usgao respectively were totally different, Ponda police have denied any link between the two murders.Although both the murders took place within a two-week period, the killers may not be the same, Ponda police stated.Police retrieved two bodies of women within 14 days in its jurisdiction. The dead body of Suvarna Shrikant Gaude of Bokadbag-Ramnathi in Ponda was found at Tisk-Usgao on Sunday, while another body of a woman in her thirties was found at a hillock near Kadamaba Transport Corporation bus stand in Shapur-Ponda on May 1.Recalling that Gaude was killed by smashing a stone on her head, while another woman was killed by slitting her throat by a sharp weapon, the Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar claimed the modus operandi of the murder (style of killing) was different.Ponda police suspect a possibility of a scuffle between the victim and the murderer before the heinous crime as the clothes of the Tiska-Usgao woman's body was found torn. The police declined to reveal the reason of the scuffle.The position of the body found at Shapur-Ponda on May 1 was not suspicious. This shows that the culprit was known to the victim and her trust was breached by the murderer, another police officer expressed his suspicion.\"The postmortem of the Tiska-Usgao body has refuted the possibility of any sexual assault. The Shapur-Ponda dead body was in decomposed state. Hence there could not be any chance to trace any sexual assault,\" the police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157842", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gets ready for monsoon, starts cleaning nullahs", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is readying itself to face any eventuality during this year's monsoon. For the purpose, the civic body has already undertaken 'desilting' of several major and small canals and storm water drain network in the city.\"Ninety per cent of the nullah cleaning work which began three months back is over and the rest will be completed by May 31. We have three porcelain machines for cleaning major nullahs,\" said Dr Milind Ganvir, deputy health director.Enough manpower and requisite equipment have been pressed into service to ensure a free flow of rain water through the Nag River and Pili Nadi which are among the major nullahs. The health department has taken the responsibility of clearing the major nullahs and canals upon itself. \"Minor nullahs will be cleaned manually and its work will commence soon,\" he added.The city's storm water drainage system consists of Nag River, Pili Nadi and about 220 minor nullahs. The Nag River carries water from Ambazari lake while Pili Nadi gets water from Gorewada dam. The two rivers meet at Punapur in East Nagpur.Since the last couple of years, NMC has been widening the edges of the river at Wardhaman Nagar, Punapur and Pardi side. \"This will ease the river flow and will relieve areas near Nandanvan, Jagnade chowk and Pardi of water overflow problem,\" said Dr Ganvir. The encroachments which have been put up on the perimeter of the Pili Nadi are also being removed simultaneously as part of civic body's pre-monsoon preparations.A senior NMC official while explaining the main reason of overflow of rain water said that the residents living alongside the outer limits of these nullas dump plastic waste into them that most of the time causes huge growth of water hyacinth.The huge plastic waste and the water hyacinth in the canal hinders free flow of rain water, which in turn affects flow of water from the storm water drain and other linked canals. So it was proposed to remove the water hyacinth and plastic garbage floating on the canal. \"Similarly the civic body will also take steps to desilt storm water drain network in several places soon,\" said Dr Ganvir.The improvement work involves widening of the canal, deepening and paving with concrete and protecting the canal.Residents on the banks of nullahs have kept their fingers-crossed over NMC's claims. \"The experience so far has been different than what the civic body has been promising. So, we want to see whether NMC will live up to its assurances this time or not,\" a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13159528", "title": "Vijay Sai wants deferment of trial", "text": "Hyderabad: V Vijay Sai Reddy, the financial auditor of YS Jaganmohan Reddy companies, filed a petition in the CBI court on Tuesday urging it postpone the trial in the Jagan assets case till the CBI completes its investigation on all aspects of the FIR filed in the case.The CBI has filed three chargesheets in the case so far and the court has taken cognizance of the first chargesheet and issued summons to all the accused in the case and that includes accused number one Jagan. In his latest petition, Vijay Sai Reddy objected to the multiple chargesheets and apprehended that this may result in issuance of repeated summons due to multiple chargesheets.Citing it as contrary to the provisions of CrPC, the auditor wanted the court to defer the process of trial in the case. Principal special judge A Pullaiah posted the case to May 18 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13159875", "title": "Revealed: How mum\u2019s milk protects newborn", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mysterious way in which Oligosaccharides, the major component of human breast milk, protects a newborn has finally been unravelled. A University of Illinois study shows that Human Milk Oligosaccharides (HMO), which is found only in human milk, produces fatty acids that feed and help populate good bacteria in the gut of a newborn . This not only protects the newborn against harmful bacteria in the short term, but also strengthens the baby's immune system so that it can fend off chronic health problems like food allergies and asthma.One litre of human breast milk contains 7-12 grams of HMO. Even though HMO (sugar molecules) is present in higher concentrations than protein in human milk, many of its actions in the baby were not well understood till now.Scientists wanted to find out what formula-fed babies were missing. \"We refer to HMO as the fiber of human milk because we don't have the enzymes to break down these compounds . They pass into the large intestine where the bacteria digest them. We were curious about the role they play in the development of the breast-fed infant's gut bacteria because the bacteria found in the guts of formula-fed infants is different,\" said Sharon Donovan, professor in nutrition and health.With this study, which has been published in the Journal of Nutrition , Donovan has for the first time shown that HMO produce patterns of short-chain fatty acids that change as the infant gets older.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13159613", "title": "Students of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences demand second revaluation", "text": "NASHIK: The students of Bachelor of Homeopathic Medicine and Surgery (BHMS) and Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) at Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) demanded on Tuesday that another round of revaluation of their exam papers be conducted by the university.On Tuesday students of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) studying BAMS and BHMS demanded that their exam papers that were already revaluated be once again sent for revaluation.The students had silently protested within the university campus since morning.But at around 4.30 pm today the students called Nandan Bhaskare, an NCP activist of the party's youth wing and they stopped the vice- chancellor's vehicle demanding that he make a promise before all the students that the papers be revaluated once again. The Panchavati police arrested 34 students alongwith the Bhaskare but released them immediately.Vinod Govindwar, a student said, \"We are demanding a 'challenge revaluation', which means checking our revaluated papers once again. Revaluation of only second phase of BHMS exams and an old batch of BAMS exams has been declared. Regular exams will begin in ten days. Those who have been given an ATKT (Allowed to Keep Term) but have not yet got their results ,are worried.\"The students are demanding their revaluated papers be checked again because they feel that after revaluation they have failed by just a mark or two and that they would pass if it is checked again.Sharadkumar Khandilakar, another student said, \"Students feel that the revaluation has not been done properly. The next exams will begin on May 22 and students feel that if their papers are revaluated once again they could pass. At present they have failed by a mark or two. Since there is not much time for the exams, we have also demanded that the exams be postponed but the vice chancellor said that it is a long procedure and it has to be discussed with the faculty dean. He however gave a positive response on revaluating the papers once again.\"But MUHS authorities said that it would not be possible to revaluate the papers once again. Moroever for getting a go-ahead on exam postponement, the governor and many other concerned individuals would have to be approached.Vice Chancellor of MUHS, Dr Arun Jamkar said, \"After the revaluation 13% of the students who applied for revaluation had passed\". On the delay, he said that 55,000 students studying in the university had applied for revaluation. \"We create doctors, so it is important to us that they be evaluated properly. Most of the time, the result of the revaluation is declared on the day of the next exam. Moreover, there is still 15 days for the exams of the next semester to begin.\"The authorities also expressed doubt about revaluating the papers that had already been revaluated also ruled out the possibility of the postponement of exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157894", "title": "Transporters threaten stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Oil transporters threatened to prevent their trucks from ferrying fuel for HPCL citing unfair tendering procedures. The agitation has taken off in Thane and Raigad on Tuesday and threatens to spill over to all of Maharashtra and Goa, with the result that petrol pumps could go dry in a day or two.\"We are demanding fair trade practices from HPCLL in its tendering process. Oil firms allege we are responsible for pilferage and theft during transport. However, the conditions in their tenders are responsible for this practice,\" said Prabhat Singh, president of the Thane Raigad Petrol Dealers Association that has 250 members.\"For instance they change the colour stipulations for the trucks every six months or so, and we have to repaint them at our own cost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13159329", "title": "Mother who abandoned her newborn held", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Kayamkulam police on Tuesday arrested the mother of a newborn girl, who was found abandoned on the sides of National Highway 47 on Monday morning.Deputy superintendent of police S Devamanohar said the 30-year-old mother Ambika was arrested from her rented house at Kuttitheruvu. Her mother Vijaya Kumari has also been arrested.\"Apart from the infant she abandoned on Monday, Ambika has two more sons. A native of Kallumoodu, she was left by her husband around seven years ago and her elder son also went with his father. Since then she along with her younger son and her mother had been living at Kuttitheruvu in a rented house. She had previously worked as a housemaid in the Gulf,'' Devamanohar said.\"Prasad, my husband is native of Haripad and now he is working abroad. He left abroad around three months ago. After that, he never kept in touch with me. No phones. No calls. I was pregnant with his child. So I and my mother decided to abandon the child fearing questions from the neighbours and relatives. I had given birth to a girl in my house and it was my mother Vijaya Kumari, who left the child on the roadside, which is near to our house,'' she told the police.It was on Monday morning, the newborn was found abandoned near Kuttitheruvu Juma Masjid.When all the local people gathered there at the site, Vijaya Kumari and Ambika did not come out of their home to inquire about the incident.Following this, some of their neighbours informed it to the police and when the police quizzed Ambika, she admitted that it was her baby.Following this the police arrested her and she was subjected for medical examinations at Alappuzha Medical College Hospital on Tuesday evening.The police will produce her in front of Kayamkulam judicial first class magistrate. However, Ambika's mother Vijaya Kumari has approached Child Welfare Committee on Tuesday demanding the baby.\"We are ready to hand over the baby to her mother as it needs the protection and care of its mother. However, a final decision will be taken only after the CWC's meeting which will be held here on Wednesday,'' said CWC member M K Abdul Samad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13159762", "title": "United Naga Council urges Nagas to boycott all Manipur officials", "text": "IMPHAL: The United Naga Council (UNC) has accused the Manipur government of trying to cheat tribals by using district council members as middlemen to hand over 25% of funds sanctioned under MGNREGA schemes. UNC said the funds are supposed to be directly given to the villages.\"This is not devolution, but deprivation of powers of village councils and chiefs who take care of the village administration. The state government has started severing ties with these villages. The basic rights of the villages are being undermined on the pretext of devolution of power to the Autonomous District Council (ADC),\" a UNC statement said. \"All village chiefs are to reject the design of the state government to deduct 25% of MGNREGA funds and to divert the same to the ADCs when 100% of the funds are fully due to the villages,\" it added. In the guise of development of public facilities and infrastructures, the state government is trying to encroach upon tribal lands by obtaining documents for transfer of land to the state government, the UNC added.Reiterating the July 1, 2010, Naga People's Convention's declaration to sever ties with the Manipur government, the UNC urged the people not to associate with any elected members of the state assembly, ADC, Naga MLAs and ministers who had defied the resolution adopted at the joint meeting of UNC, frontal organizations and political parties held on December 15, 2011. It said any political party whose policies, programmes and activities do not subscribe to the registered position of the Nagas, will not qualify for the support of the Naga people in any manner whatsoever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159112", "title": "New study centres check students' migration", "text": "PATNA: There was a time when most of the students willing to pursue engineering or management courses from a reputed institution after finishing plus two (intermediate) in Bihar used to migrate to Delhi, Mumbai, Pune or Bangalore. The scenario has changed, considerably. With the opening of over a dozen institutions of national repute in recent years, students are increasingly finding options closer home.\"My son was selected for admission to law colleges at Patna, Gandhi Nagar and Kochi on the basis of his performance in Common Law Admission Test. But he preferred to join the Chanakya National Law University (CNLU) at Patna,\" said Rabindra Kumar, a teacher of geology in Patna Science College.CNLU registrar S P Singh said more than 70 percent students enrolled in the university are from Bihar.\"With several world-class institutes coming up in Patna, students from Bihar find more options for their higher studies,\" said Aryabhatta Knowledge University vice-chancellor S N Guha, adding that students are increasingly opting for institutions near their hometowns provided the academic and placement standards are good.The placement scenario in all the newly established institutions is quite satisfactory. \"If our wards can get quality education and find a good job after completing their studies in Patna, why would we send them somewhere else for education,\" said a railway official, Subodh Kumar.Sangeeta, waiting for her class XII results, said she wanted to study outside Bihar but her parents were unwilling. \"Now, I have decided to study here itself and do the management course from CIMP,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13159512", "title": "Thrissur special jail to be upgraded", "text": "THRISSUR: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said on Tuesday that procedures were being finalized to upgrade the Thrissur special jail situated at Viyyur to the level of a district jail. Addressing the passing-out parade of 57 jail wardens at the State Institute of Correctional Administration (SICA) parade ground in Viyyur on Tuesday, the minister said that develeopmental activities worth Rs 20 crore would be carried out at the Viyyur Central Jail.\"CCTVs will be set up at the jail for the safety of officers and prisoners. A special developmental officer will be deployed to supervise the developmental activities,\" the minister said. Prison department chief ADGP Alexander Jacob was felicitated for his service and leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157907", "title": "Tiwari supports ready reckoner system", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as BJP corporators oppose assessment of property tax on the basis of ready reckoner, standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari supported the new system on Tuesday. Deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav had earlier supported it.Tiwari said that NMC was forced to adopt the system as central government had not fully released JNNURM grants for not following its directive regarding implementation of the system. \"The centre deducted 15% of one installment and 10% of another as a punishment. We have no choice,\" he said.The chairman then recounted the advantages of the new method. \"While the tax will go up for new constructions it will not increase more than 100%. The increase for old constructions won't be much. On the other hand in case of reassessment as per the existing system it could increase four to five times.\"Tiwari further said that after five years, tax can increase maximum by 40%. \"It is not that we have no control over taxation. We can assess the tax at between 0.1% and 1% of the price of the property. Secondly, houses having less than 500 square feet area will be spared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13159810", "title": "Furnace units on indefinite strike", "text": "LUDHIANA: Induction furnace units in the city called for an indefinite strike on Tuesday in the wake of increasing power tariffs. Some 200 induction furnace units here, remained closed causing losses worth crores to the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited ( PSPCL).K Garg, president, Induction Furnace Association of North India said, ''The power has gone dearer by Rs 1.74 per KWH leaving the industry high and dry. Punjab State Electricity Regulatory Commission imposed huge charges like cross subsidy, transmission losses and wheeling charges on open access consumers to discourage industrial consumers from buying power from elsewhere. We demand a rollback,'' said Garg. He said, ''Punjab State Regulatory Commission first imposed 74.8 paisa in July 2011 as cross subsidy and now increased wheeling charges (rent of the electric lines) by 82 paisa per unit. As a result open access of power system has become meaningless in Punjab now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "13159690", "title": "Fourth phase of Bru repatriation ends", "text": "AIZAWL: The fourth phase of repatriation of Bru refugees, which began on April 26, concluded on Tuesday without a single refugee returning to Mizoram from Tripura relief camps on the last day. Rodney L Ralte, deputy commissioner of Mamit district, where the repatriated Bru refugees were proposed to be resettled, said no refugee returned on Tuesday while 147 Bru families were proposed to be repatriated from Kaskau relief camp in North Tripura district's Kanchanpur sub-division adjoining Mizoram. Ralte said that of 669 Bru families proposed to be repatriated during the fourth phase, only seven families returned, and they too faced verbal obstruction from other refugees.Officials, who went to the relief camps to make arrangements for the return of the refugees also said that anti-repatriation elements led by leaders of the Mizoram Bru Displaced People's Forum (MBDPF) were creating problems for those who wanted to return. \"Though there was no physical obstruction, the leaders, placing the women in the forefront, organised rallies inside the camps to discourage those who wanted to return to Mizoram,\" an official said. Bru leaders also made several demands like establishment of an autonomous district council by carving it out of western parts of Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13157822", "title": "Villagers plan stir again, block tourist movement Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: Tourism industry in and around Sariska Tiger Reserve is set to take a beating as the farmers residing inside the periphery of the tiger reserve have launched an agitation once again accusing the forest department and district administration of turning their back on promises they had made on the registration of land.An indefinite sit-in orgnaised by villagers began on Tuesday. They gathered in front of the Sariska's main gate blocking tourists from entering the reserve. They said that the agitation will continue till their demands are met.The villagers said that they would not allow tourists into the reserve which is likely to badly impact the local tourism industry and government revenues.These farmers had staged a sit-in in March for almost a week protesting relocations of their villages from the periphery of the reserve. They claimed that they had reached a compromise on six points with the district administration and forest department. However, the administration is not considering it, they alleged.A maha padao (a mass sit-in) at the reserve had been planned from May during a community meeting near Sariska on Thursday.\"The administration had promised to construct a concrete tar road through Sariska and do a registry of the land for farmers. However, the officials are now pretending to be helpless citing some Supreme Court orders. Why these orders did not come up when the administration was reaching a compromise with the farmers,\" asked local politician Bhupat Singh Balyan.A campaign to mobilize villagers had started on Thursday. Announcements about the agitation were made on public forums and systems. The removal of the district collector is also being demanded.\"Five teams were dispatched to two dozen villages in Tehla area to make people aware of the agitation,\" said a source.Sariska's field director RS Shekhawat said that the main entrance to Sariska Tiger Reserve has been blocked by the villagers and efforts are on to reach a compromise with them.\"Tourists could not enter Sariska on Tuesday due to agitation,\" said Shekhawat.The Sariska Tiger Reserve wore a deserted look in the last week of March as few tourists who turned up for sight seeing had to leave disappointed after protesting villagers didn't allow them to enter the reserve.The farmers' protest hit the hotels as they received mails and calls from tourists cancelling their trips. Angry villagers had even blocked the entrance to prominent hotels by placing piles of wood and stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13158574", "title": "Cop's action on mining trucks gets locals' nod", "text": "MARGAO: Intensifying their crackdown on mining traffic violators, Curchorem police in a single operation last week detained 13 trucks and arrested five drivers for violating restrictions on timings imposed by the high court of Bombay at Goa. While the drivers were released soon, all 13 trucks were released on Tuesday upon the orders of the JMFC, Curchorem. The police action, the sternest ever in recent times, has come in for appreciation from locals.The high court, in connection with a writ petition in 2009, had laid down certain guidelines for mining transportation. Among other conditions related to overloading and overspeeding of trucks, the court had stipulated that transportation should be carried out only between 8am and 6pm with an hour's gap between 1pm and 2pm\"Upon the complaint lodged by PSI S Dalvi of the traffic cell of Curchorem police, we had detained 13 trucks and arrested five drivers. They were found carrying out ore transportation beyond 6pm thus violating the high court order,\" Curchorem PI Sidhant Shirodkar said, adding that the police action against the errant truck drivers and mining transport contractors would continue uninhibited. Police have also introduced a slew of measures with a view to prevent traffic blockades along the mining roads of Curchorem, Sanvordem, Quepem, and Sanguem.These include deployment of police personnel at all loading and unloading points to ensure that the trucks are not overloaded and that timing restrictions are strictly followed, besides maintaining adequate gap between a line of trucks and banning night parking of trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157456", "title": "Red alert in Maharashtra as poachers get order for 25 tigers", "text": "NAGPUR: With tiger poachers from the Bahelia community of Katni in Madhya Pradesh planning to strike it rich in Maharashtra, specially in Vidarbha region, the state government has sounded a red alert.\"Intelligence reports say that Bahelia gangs have been ordered to kill 25 tigers for their skins. These gangs have also been paid an advance of Rs 40 lakh,\" Praveen Pardeshi, state principal secretary (forests), told TOI.Until last year, in international markets, a tiger skin would fetch $20,000, which is over a crore of rupees at today's rates. Their body parts like nails, hair, bones are sold at the rate of $1200 per kg which converts to about Rs 6.50 lakhs.Bahelias are known for killing tigers with the help of metal traps. Experts say members from this community simultaneously operate at multiple locations at a given time anywhere in the country and are ruthless in their approach.Interestingly, the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau's (WCCB) headquarter in Delhi, which should be playing a proactive role in such matters, is unaware about the alert. M Maranko, WCCB's regional deputy director based in Mumbai, said the regional office is not empowered to issue such alerts but admitted that bureau's Delhi officials are investigating the tiger poaching case that occurred on April 26 in Palasgaon on the periphery of the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR) in Chandrapur district.On the contrary, SB Negi, the joint director of WCCB said from Delhi that no alert has been sounded from \"our office\". \"If the state government seeks help we are ready to probe the case,\" Negi said. This brings to fore the indifferent attitude of the WCCB towards poaching of tigers.Meanwhile, Pardeshi has put on alert all the territorial and wildlife wing officials in the state directing them to monitor all water holes daily. He has also asked them to take help of volunteers and wildlife buffs.The range forest officers (RFOs) have been asked to meet all police patils and joint forest management committee (JFMC) members in fringe villages of forests to seek information. Forest officials have also been asked to display posters in every village in Chandrapur district announcing awards of Rs 5,000 to anyone giving information leading to seizure of steel traps and poisoning. Officials have been told to move in autorickshaws to different villages to publicize the award campaign.In another stringent move, forest guards and foresters have been directed not to go on leave till June 15. The additional principal chief conservators of forests (APCCF) have been asked to obtain daily visit and digital image of guards visiting all catalogued water holes that are to be maintained.Poaching activity has been at its peak during the past three years. Since 2008, at least half a dozen tigresses have gone missing from the Tadoba landscape, leaving cubs orphaned and destined to a life in cages. Some cubs died due to hunger as they were unable to hunt.The Amravati-based Satpuda Foundation had in 2008 urged the state government to track movements of Bahelias around tiger habitats in Vidarbha but no action was taken by both police and forest departments. \"The wildlife wing should use past wildlife crime data base to design an effective strategy to nail the culprits and also avoid repeat of such incidents in the future,\" said Kishor Rithe, member of the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13158168", "title": "Condition of Carambolim lake unsatisfactory: Gadgil", "text": "KERI: Carambolim etymologically means village of Kadambas. About eight hundred years ago, Goa was ruled by the Kadamba dynasty with Goa Velha or Gopakapattam as the capital city. In Carambolim, a fresh water lake adorns the picturesque landscape like diamonds in a crown.It is a pristine man-made fresh water body. From time immemorial, water from the lake has been used to irrigate the Rabi crop of paddy cultivated in the low-lying areas surrounding the lake. With their floral and faunal forms, this water body once was a rich repository of biodiversity.Prof Madhav Gadgil, the chairman of Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel ( WGEEP), on Sunday visited this famous lake and was unhappy to see its deteriorating state. Gadgil first visited the Carambolim Lake in 1991, when it was covered with varied and abundant vegetation that has sustained a diverse population of water fowl for a long time. A numbers of resident as well as migrant waterfowl thronged to the lake every year from as far as north as Siberia.He said, \"when I first visited the lake, it was covered with white lilies dancing to the rhythm of the whispering breeze. However, after two decades the condition of the lake is not satisfactory.\"According to the original plan, the Konkan railway tracks were to bisect the lake, thereby further depleting the lake. After stiff and timely resistance by the environmentalists, the tracks were realigned to the western edge of the lake, occupying only 1 hectare of its area.\"Increasing siltation, human interference and increased nutrient inputs and the tracks of Konkan railway are some of the problems that have caused environmental degradation of the lake\" says Narayan Parodkar, a bird watcher from Keri-sattari.When Gadgil spent some time in cool shade of the trees watching the birds, he saw Lesser Adjutant storks that were utilising the lake site as resting and roosting grounds along with egrets, jacanas and herons.Gadgil, who was appointed to study the impact on the environment of the Konkan Railway, did not support the original plan of the Konkan Railway tracks that was to bisect the lake and thereby help to save lake's ecology and environment to some extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159099", "title": "Jadavpur University percentile system to make it a fair race for higher secondary passouts", "text": "KOLKATA: A berth in the science stream at Jadavpur University can be ensured with a high score in physics, chemistry and mathematics.Students of higher secondary need not worry, as they will be competing against applicants from the same board rather than all other boards, where, it is often said, marks are relatively easy to score.\"We have a different way of rationalising marks. We take into account the physics, chemistry and mathematics marks and then prepare a score. There is no chance of students from HS board lagging behind in the race as the score is done on pro-data basis,\" said a JU official.Explaining this, the official said that they calculate a candidate's percentile. \"Which means that the highest applicants' marks are taken as 100 percentile and then the rest of the scores are decided. It is proportionately done. We only have four undergraduate courses, including physics, chemistry, mathematics and geological sciences,\" he said.In the arts faculty, which has 13 undergraduate courses, the admission procedure will remain unchanged. For English, students have to take a two-tier admission test. The first paper is an aptitude test while the second paper tests the students on their knowledge of the subject. Their second papers are evaluated only if they achieve the required cut-off in the first. The candidates have to report 30 minutes before the admission test starts.There will be written tests in comparative literature, economics and international relations. \"We had planned to start honours in geography at the undergraduate level, but could not because the faculty could not be recruited,\" said a senior JU official.All the departments in the arts and science faculty have around 50 seats. \"Last year the government had decided to increase the number of seats by 10%. We shall have to wait for any further instruction from the government,\" said an Executive Council member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158476", "title": "Cops seek nod for test identification parade", "text": "GURGAON: The main accused in the BMW hit-and-run case, Suraj Sherawat, surrendered before a city court Tuesday.While seeking bail, Suraj told the judge that police were harassing him and that he was \"mentally disturbed and traumatized\". The public prosecutor requested the court in writing to allow the investigators to get a blood sample of the accused so that they can match it with the blood samples lifted from the accident spot.The blood stains from the spot and fingerprints have already been sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Madhuban. Police also sought permission for test identification parade (TIP) and for recovery of the driving licence from the accused. The court will take up this case on Wednesday.\"We are waiting for tomorrow's (Wednesday) court order since the court has not yet given direction to the accused to join investigation,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF) and head of the special investigation team looking into the case.Earlier, wearing a blue and white striped shirt and faded blue jeans, Suraj reached the court premises accompanied by bouncers.He was unshaven and looked tired. The bouncers looked fresh. Soon after the hearing when Suraj came out of the court room, the bouncers pushed people away and took Suraj to a white RITZ car. Suraj's father, Devender Sherawat, owns the BMW that was allegedly speeding at over 150kmph when it rammed into a Tata Indigo car near IFFCO Chowk. The accident claimed the lives of pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye, and driver Sanjay Gulati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13160132", "title": "Samariya replaces Ajay Jain as CMD of APTransco", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a minor reshuffle of 12 IAS officers on Tuesday, Ajay Jain was replaced by Hiralal Samariya as chairman and managing director of AP Transco while Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, who has been principal secretary in the irrigation department for over five years, was shifted to the municipal administration department as principal secretary.Ajay Jain has proceeded on a short-term training programme abroad. In place of Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, the state brought in B Aravinda Reddy as principal secretary , irrigation and command area development department . Mishra replaced Vijay Kumar, who is yet to be given a posting. The post of transport commissioner, till now held by Samariya, was also kept vacant. Panchayat raj and rural employment commissioner Sunil Sharma was appointed secretary , infrastructure and investment, in the existent vacancy. It was earlier held by Sutirtha Bhattacharya in the rank of principal secretary before he was appointed CMD of Singareni Collieries Company Ltd.Registration and stamps commissioner K Madhusudhana Rao was appointed agriculture commissioner in place of V Usha Rani, who was posted as project director of Rajiv Vidya Mission in the existing vacancy. In other postings, Ch Vijay Mohan was appointed MD of AP Foods, M Padma chief rationing officer, Hyderabad, Gaurav Uppal as executive director of AP State Housing Corporation and Gorrela Suvarna Panda Das as executive director of metro water works, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "washington/islamabad", "code": "13159783", "title": "Pak blinks on Afghanistan routes, gets Nato invite for talks", "text": "WASHINGTON/ISLAMABAD: Pakistan won for itself an invitation to the Nato summit in Chicago this weekend to discuss the future of Afghanistan after Islamabad signaled that it was standing down from its confrontation with Washington and re-opening US/Nato supply routes.Pakistan indicated that it might review its decision on Nato blockade that has put its relations with not \"only US but another 42 countries' ' in a tailspin. \"It's not a matter of one, but 43 countries,\" Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani was quoted as telling journalists in Islamabad.Nato responded immediately by announcing that the organization has decided to invite President Asif Ali Zardari to Chicago for the summit , which will include contributor nations, as well as Japan, Russia, other countries from the region and international organizations. Nato secretary-general Anders Fogh Rasmussen, who had earlier indicated Pakistan would be left out of the proceedings if it did not back down from the blockade, phoned Zardari on Tuesday to invite him. \"This meeting will underline the strong commitment of the international community to the people of Afghanistan and to its future. Pakistan has an important role to play in that future ,\" Nato spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said.But Zardari's spokesman Farhatullah Babar maintained that the invitation was unconditional and not linked to the reopening of Nato routes. In Islamabad, Pakistani cabinet's defence committee meeting was seen as an attempt to prepare ground for a possible decision to lift the blockade.A meeting of Pakistan army's corps commanders was called a day later wherein army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani is likely to take the corps commanders into confidence over a possible resumption of Nato supplies. Pakistan's petroleum ministry officials met owners of oil tanker in Islamabad in anticipation of the breakthrough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159133", "title": "Reaching out to new horizons", "text": "PATNA: Delayed academic sessions, irregular examinations, late publication of results and frequent strikes by university teachers and non-teaching staff are passe. Things have improved a lot in the last few years.Until recently, the state lacked good technical institutions, compelling talented boys and girls to move outside Bihar for higher studies, especially for professional courses. Those who could afford the expenses of their wards' studies outside Bihar sent them to other states. But, things have started changing for the better, thanks to the initiative taken by the Nitish government.The government is also pumping funds to revive research culture in Bihar.As there was no reputed law college in the state, the government set up Chanakya National Law University on August 15, 2006. It was again a government initiative that the extension centre of Birla Institute of Technology was opened in Patna in 2006.The Indian Institute of Technology, Patna, established by an Act of Parliament on August 6, 2008, made the education scenario better in Bihar. Though its campus is to be developed at Bihta, it's already functioning from a transit campus in Patliputra Colony, Patna, with three schools having seven departments of School of Engineering (Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering), School of Sciences (Chemistry, Physics, and Mathematics) and School of Humanities and Social Science (Humanities and Social Science).The National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP) is the 18th NIT created by the Union HRD ministry after rechristening the erstwhile Bihar College of Engineering, Patna, in January 2004. There has been unprecedented growth in campus selection and overall placement of its students since then.Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) is another government initiative on the lines of IIMs. It has been offering an AICTE-approved 2-year full time PGDM programme since 2008. It has been declared as one of the top 20 business schools of the country, according to its director V Mukunda Das.The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Patna, started its humble beginning in June, 2008, from its transit campus at Udyog Bhavan near Gandhi Maidan. The institute has already made its presence felt in Bihar by undertaking various outreach programmes, said faculty member Vinayak Jasraj.Another Nitish government's initiative bore fruits in the form of Aryabhatta Knowledge University in 2008. The institutions imparting professional education are being affiliated to this university. It has already published the results of medical and engineering examinations, said its examination controller, Akhileshwar Prasad.The A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies, set up in 1958, has the distinction of being the first research institution in the country to be recognized by the ICSSR in the early seventies. The cradle of research in social sciences, the institute suffered gradual deterioration over the years. The present government, however, injected fund for its revival, said its director, D M Diwakar. The institute is getting new study projects, he added.The Jagjivan Ram Institute of Parliamentary Studies and Political Research, another premier centre for parliamentary studies and political research, was set up by former chief minister Karpoori Thakur. After being neglected for more than three decades, it is also being modernized with the government sanctioning Rs 17 crore for the construction of its new building.State higher education director, Sitaram Singh, said the HR department has planned to renovate, computerise and upgrade its library. Standard books on parliamentary democracy would be made available for research. The library would be equipped with electronic reference of all the books there. The institute would have its own website. It would conduct national and international seminars, conferences and workshops.Singh further said that the institute would soon start several new courses, including M Phil, PhD, and Masters and bachelor-level programmes in journalism and mass communications, business administration, library science, panchayati raj and computer applications from the next academic session.Same is the case of Hindi Granth Akademy, Bhojpuri Akademy, Maithili Akademy, Bengali Akademy and South Indian Languages Akademy which have been put on revival path after remaining dormant for several years.The Hindi Granth Academy is to buy four new buses to use them as mobile sale counters. The buses would carry books published by the academy for selling them in rural and semi-urban areas at reasonable prices. The government has also decided to set up sale counters in every university of the state to promote sale of books published by the academy. Its sale counter in New Delhi would also be made attractive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159610", "title": "Bihar to rally states on centrally sponsored schemes fund, to put pressure on centre", "text": "PATNA: Bihar would rally other state governments around its stand that the Centre should not only reduce the number of centrally sponsored schemes (CSSs), or rearrange all of them into its nine flagship schemes, as recommended by B K Chaturvedi Committee in its report submitted last year, but also constitute the 'flexi fund' to be given to the respective states asking them to spend the money so transferred as per their specific needs and assessment.Deputy CM and chairman of Empowered Committee of the States' Finance Ministers, Sushil Kumar Modi , while explaining the position of the state government on the matter after the conclusion of his weekly Janata Darbar, on Tuesday, said he would write letters in this regard to all the state governments as all the CMs in the country share the same stand on the matter.\"The safest option is to write letters to them, which I will do. Besides, I am also the chairman of the Empowered Committee of States' Finance Ministers. We can build pressure on the Centre,\" said Modi, adding that finance ministers of the respective states, in the pre-budget meeting convened by Union finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee , in Delhi on January 19 this year, had put across their point of view on the matter. But the latter, it being the pre-budget meeting, \"did not commit anything, and, therefore, there is the need to increase pressure on the Centre,\" he said.Modi said if the Centre agreed to implement the recommendations of Chaturvedi Committee, it would be hugely beneficial to all the states, including the \"poor and resource starved ones\", and the Centre, too, would be in a better position to monitor the schemes. The states have also demanded that the Centre should give the money to them for incorporation into their budgets, instead of sending directly to the implementing agencies.Giving details of the salient points of recommendations, Modi said that the \"flexi fund\" would amount to 20% of the total fund coming to any state under the CSS, but the states concerned would be able to utilize the fund as per the local need and assessment. At present, the total number of CSS is 147 compared to 213 in 2003-04 and 207 in 2004-05, and the Chaturvedi Committee has asked the Centre to reduce the number to 59.Moreover, the committee has also asked the Centre to merge the smaller schemes with nine flagship schemes, like MNREGA, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Indira Awas Yojana, PMGSY, National Rural Health Mission and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "beijing/london", "code": "13159836", "title": "China, UK slug it out over Dalai-Cameron meeting", "text": "BEIJING/LONDON: China on Tuesday took strong exception to British Prime Minister David Cameron's meeting with Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama while London defended the \"private get together\" , saying who the country's leaders choose to see is a matter for them.Chinese vice foreign minister Song Tao summoned British envoy Sebastian Wood to the ministry of foreign affairs and made \"solemn representations\" on Cameron and Deputy PM Nick Clegg's meeting with the Dalai Lama in London on Monday.Song told Wood that the British leaders meeting the Dalai Lama was a \"serious interference in China's internal affairs\" .The meeting at the 10 Downing Street was officially described as \"private get together\" by British officials. UK government spokesperson defended the meeting, saying \"who the PM and deputy PM see is a matter for them\" .\"Regardless of China's repeated representations the UK still arranged PM Cameron and other UK leaders to meet Dalai. This is a serious interference in China's internal affairs and an affront to the Chinese people besides undermining China-UK relations,\" Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13158582", "title": "Marna-Sodiem link road under pressure", "text": "MAPUSA: The closure of the main road for the construction of the bridge in Siolim has been put tremendous pressure on the link road connecting Marna and Gaunsavaddo-Sodiem.Locals fear that the road which is a link for many students to a school may just give way under the pressure of heavy vehicles. The Siolim culvert in front of the St Anthony church has been taken up for widening by the PWD weeks ago after obtaining approval for closure of the road from the North Goa collector. The collector has notified the diversion of light vehicles in one direction only along the Gaunsavaddo-Marna link road and has prohibited the movement of heavy vehicles along this road. However, this has not stopped them from plying. Locals said that police are turning a blind eye to goods trucks and loaded passenger buses on this road.Traffic police are posted on both ends of the link road to divert heavy traffic. Locals said that they resume their duty after the heavy vehicles ply at 8am.Locals pointed out that police were not stationed on the link road on Tuesday and heavy vehicle traffic was moving freely, creating traffic jams. \"Heavy vehicle entry should be immediately stopped as the road has already developed cracks. Traffic police stationed should have the powers to impose challan if they find heavy vehicles entering the restricted area\" said local Andrew Vaz.Mapusa traffic PI Shaikh Salim said that due to the election duty there was a shortage of staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157479", "title": "India seeks $30 million fund to save tigers", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has sought assistance of $30 million under the Global Tiger Initiative, Keshav Varma, programme manager for the World Bank-led scheme, said here on Tuesday.He was speaking on the sidelines of the first stock-taking meeting of tiger-bearing countries on the Global Tiger Recovery Programme.India has refused to let Bank funds be used for protection and running of tiger reserves in the country but Varma suggested that the funds were to be used for the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau and international collaborations.While India hosted the meeting which saw around 150 delegates and experts come together, the differences of approach between the World Bank initiative and Indian government's approach were visible even on the inaugural day of the workshop.While Varma referred to the US law on creating wilderness spaces - wildlife zones with no permanent human presence -- environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan emphasized that conservation in India had to be more inclusive, involving and protecting the rights of people living in vicinity of forests.\"The 'people agenda' ranks prominently in our 'tiger agenda'. While we do not imagine any coexistence in the inviolate core areas, a viable inclusive agenda involving local people is fostered in the surrounding buffer,\" Natarajan said.Earlier too, while the initiative was taking off, India had pushed for country-specific solutions to conserve the tiger and won the debate on maintaining the issue as a 'sovereign one' - something that member secretary of the National Tiger Conservation Authority Rajesh Gopal stated yet again on Tuesday at the stock-taking exercise.The workshop is expected to set the agenda for this year and negotiate and deliberate common parameters to assess conservation efforts.Varma also advocated a greater role for the private sector in conservation efforts - something the government has not allowed so far though several agencies and corporates have shown interest in getting involved in management of such reserves, which improves their branding and is also a lucrative business proposition with tiger tourism being a key market.The Union government is expected to present before the Supreme Court fresh guidelines about regulating tourism around tiger reserves within the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13158767", "title": "After tragic air crash in Nepal, families now face trauma of paperwork", "text": "MUMBAI: After the shock and grief, relatives of the eight Nepal air crash victims from the city are complaining of a double whammy thanks to the laborious paperwork involved in bringing the remains back.After undergoing the trauma of identifying mangled bodies, relatives are busy procuring embalming certificates, police NOCs and getting the deceased members' passports cancelled. More clearances will be required when they arrive in India.The earliest the bodies can reach the city is Wednesday. The last rites of Paa actress and Rasna girl Taruni Sachdev and her mother, two brothers from Bandra and the three-member Arora family from Tardeo are tentatively scheduled for Wednesday. The family of ISKCON priest Krishna Chaitanya will take the body home to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161825", "title": "Huma\u2019s item song in Michael Winterbottom\u2019s film", "text": "First we had British litterateur Thomas Hardy's 19th century masterpiece Tess being trans-located into Rajasthan in Michael Winterbottom's new movie adaptation Trishna. And if Trishna would be hard to recognize as being inspired by the Hardy novel, we now have news of Michael Winterbottom's adaptation being forcibly moved even further away from its source material in the dubbed Hindi version of Trishna which releases in India in July.A reliable source informs that the Indian distributors of Trishna intend to add an item song to the British director's screen version of the Tess saga. Says the source close to the project, \"The film's Indian distributors think Trishna is too artistic. But it also has the makings of a great masala film. Freida Pinto plays a kind of Mother India who's tossed from one cruel circumstance to another. Women audiences in India would weep buckets over the ablaa naari (hapless woman) act of Freida. And also, let's not overlook the fact, the male audience is also in for a treat. Freida has done some of the most graphic and lingering love-making scenes in the history of films based India. So we see a lot of potential for Trishna in the Indian market.\"To enhance and boost the film's boxoffice potential we hear the Indian distributors have decided to add an item song by Huma Qureshi in the Hindi version of Trishna.Qureshi is the leading lady of Anurag Kashyap's much talked-about forthcoming film Gangs Of Wasseypur . Interestingly Anurag also has cameo appearance in Trishna.Apparently the situation for the item song is interwoven into the plot. Says the informed source, \"Freida plays a wannabe Bollywood actress in Bollywood. In a sequence she visits a studio to meet director Anurag Kashyap and his wife Kalki. That's where the item song will come in.\"When contacted Sunil Bohra who is Trishna 's Indian producer did not try to deny the artistic liberties planned to be taken with Thomas Hardy and Michael Winterbottom . Says Bohra, \"Yes, we're going to have an item song in the Hindi version of Trishna . There's an ideal situation for it in the film when the heroine goes to meet a director. The item song entitled Maintenance meri maintenance is filmed on Huma Quereshi. Ganesh Acharya has choreographed it. It will get our audiences repeatedly into the theatres to watch the film.\"When asked what the Trishna director would think of the tantalizing embellishment to his artistry, Bohra was nonchalant. \"It's not as if the situation for the item song is not there in the film. In fact we're also going to change the posters of Trishna for the Indian release. The international posters are much too abstract. We're planning something far more desi and eye-catching.\"Bohra also expressed his apprehensions about the love-making scenes. \"I can tell you, Freida's love-making scenes in Trishna would set the screen on fire. I am only worried about our censorboard.\"We're also worried about Freida's response to Ms Qureshi stealing some of the thunder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158899", "title": "Over 1 crore restoration proposal for Sinhagad", "text": "PUNE: With an estimated outlay of Rs 3.45 crore, the department of archaeology, Pune, has planned to undertake restoration of Sinhagad, Rajgad and Torna forts this financial year. The main focus would be on repairs and restoration of fort gates, including the Kalyan Darwaza in the south-east of Sinhagad fort, the Pali Darwaza at Rajgad fort and the Konkan Darwaza in Torna fort, among other structures.V N Kamble, assistant director, department of archaeology, said, \"Rs 1.29 crore have been earmarked for Sinhagad fort, where work would be undertaken on Kalyan Darwaza and three other gates which are the inlets to the fort from Pune side. Restoration here will involve reaffixing the stones that have fallen off these gates and cleaning the mold and fungi that have come to infect them over the years.\"He added that trees and shrubs growing out of the fortification wall at Sinhagad fort will be chopped off and a chemical called 'tree killer' will be swabbed around the area of the stem to prevent the trees from growing again. This chemical eradicates trees and shrubs that cause nuisance at temple premises, roof tops, and walls of buildings, wells, canal bunds and shutters.\"We have hitherto found 33 water tanks and 17 wells at the Sinhagad fort, which will have to be cleaned thoroughly. Water and mud accumulated in these tanks over the years will be hauled out in an attempt to dry these water bodies. This process will also involve searching for antiquities such as coins that may have fallen here in the past,\" said Kamble.He added that installing signboards in various areas of the Sinhagad fort is also being planned, but is not a part of the current proposal.The department has currently floated three tenders for restoration work at the Rajgad fort. The estimated cost for repairs of the Pali Darwaza is Rs 74 lakh, which will also include restoration of broken steps in front of the gate. \"Here too, an estimate of the stones fallen off the Pali Darwaza will be made, after which similar stones will be brought from Nanded, Newasa or Solapur, where such black stones are available. The new stones will then be implanted at various spots on the gate as per archaeological norms,\" he said.Water tanks at the Rajgad fort were last cleaned in 2000. This year, the archaeological department has reserved Rs 26 lakh for cleaning the rest of the tanks in the fort. Rs 16 lakh will be spent on the restoration work of Chilkhati Buruj (a double-layered fortification wall) here, located in Suvela Machee, a double-stepped fortified 'machee' with the steps separated by a bastioned doorway. \"The restoration work here should start in six month's time, as the tendering process is currently on and various permissions will have to be sought from the authorities in Mumbai,\" said Kamble.Repairs to Torna fort will cost around Rs 1 crore, and estimates for the same is awaiting sanction. \"Among other repairs, the Konkan Darwaza, which has fallen off, will be taken up this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13159086", "title": "Campaigning for Patna Municipal Corporation polls ends", "text": "PATNA: The campaigning for election in the 70 wards of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) on May 17 ended on Tuesday. Ward number 39 will go to the polls on May 22. Vinay Kumar Pappu was elected unopposed from ward number 28.There are 630 candidates, including 323 women, in the fray. Rama Devi , 77, who is contesting from ward number 16, is the oldest candidate while Jyoti Kumari (20) from ward number 3 is the youngest candidate.Returning officer Arvind Kumar Tiwari said all the government and private institutions will be closed on the polling day. \"The elections will be held on two dates. Schools and other institutions falling under the wards undergoing polls will be closed on that day,\" he said. There are 19 wards reserved for women.Meanwhile, the election fever has gripped the sanitation workers, too. Many of them were busy in campaigning for their favourite candidates, hampering sanitation work. \"It is a pathetic situation. No one was there to switch off the street lights on Fraser Road and Exhibition Road on Tuesday,\" said Binay Kumar, a small shop owner at Fraser Road.Number of booths: 1,175Number of candidates: 630Number of women candidates: 323Voting time: 7am to 4pmWard with minimum number of voters: Ward number 9 (6,645 voters)Ward with maximum number of voters: Ward number 22 (36,675 voters)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "sangli/satara", "code": "13159226", "title": "Affected by drought, rural folks pour into Pune, Mumbai &amp; Kolhapur", "text": "SANGLI/SATARA: Open trailers packed with families and cattle have become a common sight along the state's national highways. They are perhaps a telling sign of the distress that the drought in 15 districts of the state has brought with it. Truckloads of villagers are migrating from the hinterland to cities like Mumbai, Pune and Kolhapur in desperate search of a livelihood.While many officials deny the drought-driven migration, the absence of male heads in rural homes in water-starved parts of the state reveals another reality. A senior official from Satara admits that the district has witnessed 10% more migration this year. Local officials say the low minimum wages of the Centre's flagship employment guarantee scheme ( NREGA) have failed to stem the outflow of potential job-seekers.In Khatav taluka, Satara, fragmented families are a sorry reality from one home to another. Landowner Adhik Wagh (32) has taken a break from his driver's job and is on a visit to his native village in Katgoon. \"We used to have sheti (fields) of our own and cattle too. With not a drop of rain this year, there is no sheti or water to give the cattle. I work in Kolhapur as a driver and earn enough to educate my two children,\" said Wagh who has sold off his buffalo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157847", "title": "Over 4 cr condoms sold in 2 yrs in 18 districts", "text": "JAIPUR: Over the past two years, the National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) and the Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society (RSACS) have sold 4.70 crore condoms in 18 districts of the state which have high fertility rate.NACO and RSACS have opened 9,228, which are non traditional outlets, to sell condoms in the districts where the total fertility rate (TFR) is high and high prevalence HIV/AIDS districts under the Condom Social Marketing (CSM) programme.A couple of years ago, the two organizations had identified 18 districts where Condom Social Marketing Programme was introduced. The districts are Alwar, Ajmer, Bharatpur, Bikaner, Jaipur, Tonk, Jodhpur, Barmer, Pali, Sriganganagar, Churu, Udaipur, Chittorgarh, Bhilwara, Karauli, Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Nagaur with high TFR and high prevalence of HIV/AIDS.Now, with the inclusion of 9,228 new outlets, now total non traditional outlets in the 18 districts have increased to 45,520. In the last two years, under, the officials have so far sold 4.70 crore condoms in the 18 districts the Condom Social Marketing Programme. Among these 18 districts, three of them are high prevelance districts for HIV/AIDS. Apart from this, NACO and RSACS also provided free condoms in the districts. The non traditional shops include provisional stores, pan shops, thela, thadi, motor parts shops, and any other shops except medical shops.A medical, health and family welfare department official said contraceptive social marketing is a way of supplying contraceptives to consumers who cannot afford to buy them at the full market price and also not reachable under the free public distribution program. The process involves supplying a subsidized product through existing commercial distribution networks and other retail marketing techniques to commercially advertise the products.To encourage people on using condoms, NACO and RSACS flagged off a van to create awareness on safe sex. RSACS director Dr J P Dhamija said, \"We want to spread the message in selected districts that stick to one (married or unmarried) partner only. But, in case of truckers or other individuals, if sticking to one partner is not possible for them, then we ask them to use condoms for safe sex. It will help in controlling the spread of HIV/ AIDS. We are sensitizing people for safe sex as 86% of HIV/AIDS infection spread through sex.\"Dhamija said they are strengthening the existing system of sensitizing people on safe sex by restructuring and preplanning the project.In Rajasthan, Population Services International (PSI) is carrying out the CSM Programme from 2008 onwards, as a social marketing organization with NACO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13157651", "title": "State asks Centre to raise its haj quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav urged Haj Committee of India to increase the quota of pilgrims from UP. Stating this at a ceremony organised to finalise the draw of lots for applicants on Tuesday, Akhilesh said that he would write to the Centre in this regard. \"I will ask the authorities to increase the quota of pilgrims from UP,\" he stated. Congratulating all those selected, he asked Muslims to pray for the welfare of their state.Chairperson, State Haj Committee, Mohd Azam Khan , who was also present on the occasion alleged discrimination on the part of the HCI. \"Forget giving extra berths, they have brought down the quota from 2011. I wonder what is the reason behind this step-motherly treatment,\" Khan told reporters. Khan assured the pilgrims that the government would make best efforts to ensure a comfortable journey. \"We are looking for a land to build Haj house in Ghaziabad and Varanasi,\" he said.Meanwhile, the draw of lots was finalised through a computerised lottery. Officials informed that in all 37,000 applications were received from across the state. In 46 districts, the number of applications received was less than the allocated quota therefore the lottery was not needed. The lottery held was therefore for the remaining 26 districts. Incidentally, this is significantly lower than what was received last year. Figures show that 51,000 applicants aspired for the Haj pilgrimage in 2011. The quota for 2011 was 25,559 against this year's sanction of 25,232.Officials however attribute fall in the number of Haj applicants to a miscommunication. \"Initially, it was said that an international passport was mandatory for all. But later, the committee started accepting general applications as well. So, people who didn't have an international passport did not apply,\" said an officer. Another reason behind the trend could the ruling that there are no second timers. As per new rules, a person who has been to Haj once will not be able to go again for the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158866", "title": "Grape exports rise by 13,000 tonne this season", "text": "PUNE: The state has reported grape export of 36,691 tonne in the current season, higher by 13,000 tonne compared to last year. Among the importers, the Netherlands is at the top by importing 21,036 tonne grapes this year.Two years ago, farmers had suffered a loss when their grape consignments were rejected by the European Union countries on the ground that residue of a growth hormone was found to have crossed the permissible limit. Farmers had incurred heavy losses as they had invested more in harvesting, conducting various tests and other preparations required for exports. The gravity of losses was worst for farmers who had turned exporters as they were new in the business and had invested huge money in sourcing export quality grapes from other farmers as well.In subsequent years, grape cultivators preferred selling their produce in domestic markets while some chose to export it to countries like Bangladesh, Gulf countries and some containers to Russia and Far East. The returns were slightly better than the rates in domestic markets.Grape harvesting starts in December and containers from the Mumbai port leave for European Union countries in the first week of February. The export continues till first week of May.Pandurang Watharkar, director, processing and planning, state department of agriculture, said, \"The state has exported 36,691 tonne to EU countries this year, which is higher by 13,000 tonne compared to total export of the previous year. The state had exported 22,490 tonne by May 2011. Another important aspect of this year's export is the drop in rejection of samples at the testing level. As many as 3,904 samples were rejected last year, due to which similar number of grape farms were excluded from exporters list. These farmers either exported grapes to non-EU countries or sold them in domestic markets. This year, only 300 samples were rejected during the tests.\"When asked about the sudden rise, he said, \"An automotive company has ventured into agri business and they are pumping in huge investment. This year, the company alone has exported 4,310 tonne followed by another firm exporting 4,104 tonne. Among the first five firms, not a single is founded by farmer this year. Mahagrape, the association of grape growers in the state, is on 17th number with total export of 486 tonne.\"The private companies have their own network, credibility and strong financial support to absorb any shock in the business. The local farmers do not have such cushions; hence after the 2010 experience, they completely stopped their business, Watharkar said.This year, Andhra Pradesh has also exported 197 tonne grapes, while Karnataka growers preferred not to export to EU countries.Jagannath Khapre, president of Grape Exporters Association of India, said, \"The farmers will get average rate of Rs 40 per kg from export. The rates for export in other countries like Russia, African countries; Bangladesh and the Far East are not as good as the EU but compared to the local market, export always offers higher rates. In some local markets, grapes could not fetch a rate of Rs 30 per kg.\"A grape cultivator needs to invest minimum Rs 3 lakh per hectare which would yield 10 tonne grape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13158734", "title": "Can't ask a man to deposit 50 thousand for 500 theft, says Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Courts cannot lay down onerous conditions while granting bail to people accused in criminal cases, the Madras high court has said.Justice P Devadass, passing orders on a criminal original petition filed by Parthiban alias Arjunan and two others, said: \"While imposing conditions, the court has to take into account the ability of the accused to pay the amount and the imposition of condition must have the avowed objective of ensuring the availability of the accused.\"Parthiban was arrested by the Mangadu police, near the city, on charges of robbing a pedestrian of 500. When he sought bail, the sessions court at Kancheepuram granted him bail, with a condition that he should execute a personal bond for 10,000 and furnish two sureties. In addition to that, he should deposit 50,000 in a nationalized bank for a period of two years. Unable to comply with this portion of the bail order, he moved the high court.Justice Devadass, concurring with his submissions, said: \"The petitioner was very happy because he was granted bail. But at the same time, he was very unhappy because onerous condition has been imposed.\" Referring to the condition that the accused deposit 50,000 in a bank, the judge said, \"The lower court, while granting bail, had added two zeros and that condition is onerous in nature.\"He then deleted the condition and permitted Parthiban to comply with other conditions such as his requirement to appear before the magistrate concerned for 30 days and executing personal bond for 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158523", "title": "Spot-fixing: Lok Sabha ruckus over scandal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerns regarding the alleged spot-fixing scandal in the IPL rocked the Lok Sabha on Tuesday, with members seeking a high-level probe into match-fixing charges and the way in which black money played a part in the T20 league.The matter was raised during zero hour by Samajwadi Party member Shailendra Kumar and supported by former cricketer Kirti Azad of the BJP.Kumar said, \"At a time when there is huge public demand to check the flow of black money and bring it back from foreign banks, black money is being turned into white through the IPL.\" He demanded a high-level enquiry into the episode.Azad said IPL was a commercial entity and there had been reports of foreign exchange violations. He claimed that since the entry of politicians in sports associations, \"corruption has seeped in and grown\".Azad added: \"Rs 30 crore is paid every year to each of these federations. Where does this money go? There is no internal audit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13159305", "title": "Faction feud hits yet another church", "text": "KOCHI: The longstanding feud between the Orthodox and Jacobite factions has reared its head in yet another church in the district.St Michael's Syrian church at Mammalassery near Piravom was closed on Tuesday by the police after the holy mass in the church to mark the annual festival created a tense situation.The church, for which both factions claim ownership, has separate timings for holy mass for Jacobite and Orthodox believers.According to Jacobites the problem started when Orthodox Church trustee Fr Johns Konatt came to offer the mass.\"There is strict instruction that only the priest should offer holy mass in the church, so we protested when the trustee came here. His entry was unauthorized, and his intention was to close down the church,\" said Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Church.When the scene turned tense, police intervened and removed all believers from the church and sealed it. The RDO also reached the spot and held mediatory talks with both factions, but it could not reach a solution. The leaders of both factions have now started prayers on the church premises.\"This is a deliberate attempt to create problems, and what happened on Tuesday was a clear violation of the mediatory agreements made before,\" says E C Alias, Orthodox spokesperson.Recently, the churches in Kolencherry and Pazhamthottom witnessed such scenes as both factions stuck to their claims of ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13158889", "title": "Rahimatpur citizens get together to clean rivulet", "text": "Pune: City-based NGO TERRE Policy Centre and Rahimatpur Municipal Council have mobilised citizens to undertake cleaning up of Rahimatpur's Kamandalu rivulet, a tributary of Krishna river in the Solapur district.Another Pune-based NGO Ecological Society did a survey and gave guidelines for the restoration work in Rahimatpur, which is about 134 km from Pune. Accordingly, a week-long cleaning drive was taken up and is being followed up by a plantation drive along the banks of the rivulet.Rajendra Shende, chairman, TERRE Policy Centre, and former director, UNEP, said the present state of this rivulet was a stark reality of the adverse impacts of the so-called development and growth in Indian towns. \"Nearly three decades ago, water from the Kamandalu rivulet, which flows through Rahimatpur town, was used for drinking and other purposes. Hence, the rivulet was maintained.\"In the 1970s, a water distribution scheme was implemented in Rahimatpur, he said. \"The water from river Krishna began to be pumped, filtered, stored and distributed by pipes to households. With tap water becoming available, the water body became neglected over time. Soon solid waste and untreated sewage began to be dumped into it. This created a health hazard, loss of water body, loss of flora and fauna and natural resource for the population of the town,\" he added.Sunil Mane, former chief of the municipal council, said that restoration of the water body was taken up in view of its neglected state. \"There are plans to treat the sewage before letting it into the river.\" Vinita Apte, president, TERRE Policy Centre, which has been working with the local people for the last three years, said that garbage was being dumped into this rivulet since the last 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161772", "title": "Excited about sharing screenspace with Prithviraj: Tini", "text": "Actor Tini Tom is excited about sharing screen space with Prithviraj once again. \"After Indian Rupee, we are coming together for Hero. I'm happy to act alongside Prithvi. He is not just a good actor, but a good human being as well,\" says Tini.But what made him even more happier is the compliment he received from Prithvi 's elder brother Indrajith . \"After watching Indian Rupee , Indran called me and told me that Prithvi and I had a good sync. That was one of the best compliments I received so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13160254", "title": "Beautify Mysore Palace surroundings by Dasara: Mayor", "text": "MYSORE: Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy has directed the authorities to complete the JnNurm project to beautify the surroundings of Mysore Palace before Dasara to facilitate tourists. The Palace environs will be given a facelift by making overhead electricity lines go underground and by lying of service cables. The project includes constructing a drain around the outer wall of the fort that surrounds the Palace. The 1.7-km stretch will be built at a cost of Rs 16 crore. The groundwork, which has started two months ago, would get over by year-end.During a spot inspection of JnNURM works here on Tuesday, the mayor noticed that the pace of the work was slow. She ordered it to be completed by October. Dasara festival will commence from mid-October this season. \"The works are slow and the stretch is artery in the central business district (CBD). I've ordered the works to be completed by Dasara season,\" she told TOI.At Town Hall, where a multi-level parking lot is under construction, she found that safety measures were not being followed. The mayor said she also found that the quality of works was compromised prima facie, and sought a lab report of the materials used. \"There are pending works, and their pace is slow. This needs to be fixed,\" she stated.The mayor also found some lapses -- construction workers not wearing safety helmets, and officials being absent at the spot. Taking serious note of the lapses, she said this was a planned visit. \"I'll pay a surprise visit as a follow-up,\" she added.The mayor also visited Sewage Farm, where a solid waste processing plant is being upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13157697", "title": "Four athletes caught for doping in Fed Cup", "text": "BANGALORE: Four athletes have been caught for drug abuse at the recent Federation Cup athletics in Patiala, deepening worry lines in a fraternity that has been constantly in the news for all the wrong reasons.Three of them - Kirpal Singh (discus, Punjab), Rohit Kumar (javelin, UP) and Harvinder Singh Dagar (hammer, UP) - have tested positive for banned anabolic steroid stanozolol.Dagar's sample also contained methandienone. They have been provisionally suspended by the National Anti-Doping Agency. Discus thrower Anshu Rai from UP was the fourth athlete to test positive, with his sample throwing up stimulant methylhexaneamine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13157104", "title": "We do not lack firepower: David Hussey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey backed his side to the hilt by saying that they do not lack firepower to pull off matches like the one against Delhi Daredevils on Tuesday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsPunjab put on 136 for eight but failed to defend the total, making Delhi daredevils the first team to qualify for the play-offs.\"I don't think so we are short of firepower. We fought the game out really well. Full credit to Irfan and Mahela. He ran the show beautifully,\" Hussey said after the five-wicket loss.Mahela played an unbeaten knock of 56 to guide his side to win.The job has become difficult for Punjab to seal one of remaining three play-offs places, but he was hopeful.\"Delhi are a very talented team. But we have shown the fans that we fight till the end and can still chase the finals,\" Hussey said.The Australian also praised young fast bowler Parvinder Awana, who took three wickets today for them.\"Awana's sort of come from nowhere, he's been the find of the tournament for us as far as bowling is concerned.\"Winning skipper Virender Sehwag said the conditions suited fast bowlers and they utilised it to optimum level.\"There was little movement for the fast bowlers, Varun and Umesh bowled beautifully, took early wickets and put pressure on Kings XI. They struggled in middle overs, so good job by the fast bowlers,\" he said.Sehwag said they did not lose hope even when a few quick wickets fell when they were chasing.\"We were expecting that Mahela could play till the end and finish the game. It is difficult to go in and play your shots; he took his time,\" he said.Delhi Speedster Varun Aaron, who was picked man-of-the-match for taking three wickets, said, \"Normally, Viru pa gives us the ball and tells us to bowl according to ourselves. It is the short format, you keep going for fours and sixes even off good balls. I was getting some swing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160056", "title": "Real estate boom leaves Hyderabad high and dry", "text": "The massive real estate boom that pushed Hyderabad to prominence among global investors also sucked the city dry of its water content. With drilling machines digging deep into the ground to lay foundations for the dozens of high-rises that have sprung over the last decade, Hyderabad's water-table has receded dangerously. Money-driven developers have violated all building norms leaving little open space for the rain to seep through and enhance the ground water level.\"People have started building more per square kilometer (sq km) now to utilize maximum land available. That has led to widespread concretization of the city. At least 70-75 per cent of all real estate projects are covered with negligible open space,\" explains architect Srinivas Murthy while highlighting the many breaches that builders have resorted to. The rulebook requires every developer to leave a one-metre green patch on all sides of a building but few comply with it. \"Even the mandatory 10 per cent open area is not being earmarked in most ventures these days. How will then the water percolate into the earth,\" asks Murthy. Environmentalists too blame the over-ambitious realty industry for this acute water shortage in Hyderabad. Filling up of water bodies to make way for towering apartments, they say, is a menace that needs to be arrested to address the city's water woes.\"Even the designers of Hyderabad's master plan should share the blame,\" feels Shankar Narayan, another city-based architect pointing out how the local development authority intends to add yet another regional ring road to Hyderabad's periphery by 2031. \"Instead of pushing Hyderabad to grow endlessly we should divert some attention towards the other major cities of Andhra Pradesh. That will reduce the pressure on the capital and also sort such civic issues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13158354", "title": "'Maintenance agency doing a shoddy job'", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sushant Lok II and III allege that despite paying heavy maintenance charges, the private maintenance agency has overlooked the upkeep of the area's facilities. Poor condition of roads and street lights and improper disposal of garbage are causing a lot of problems for the people. After April 2011, the maintenance charge per square yard was increased from Rs 1.00 to Rs 2.50.Situated next to the market of HUDA sector 56, the area houses 2,500 families and contains nearly 15 parks.Residents allege that the poor condition of roads and street lights make it unsafe for them to drive during the night. Even the presence of one guard per block does not guarantee the safety of the residents since many cases of robbery have been committed in broad daylight. Another factor compelling the residents to stay indoors are rogue stray animals. A resident was badly bitten by pigs recently and had to be kept under treatment for a couple of days.\"Commuting on the road after sundown is a huge risk. The private agency has been very negligent regarding the facilities. Despite having approached them on a regular basis, there has been no response from them,\" said Varun Gupta, a resident.Though garbage is picked up on a regular basis, the sweepers dump it in a corner rather than disposing it in the designated place. The blocked sewage drains are another major problem of the area.\"We purchased houses in the area thinking that life here would be easier than in the HUDA sectors. We have now realized that the authorities always show a rosy picture in the beginning while the ground reality is the exact opposite,\" said YK Srivastava, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13158500", "title": "'Wave Mega City Center project violating plan'", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has issued a notice to one of the city's biggest commercial projects, Wave Mega City Center, and asked to explain why the company has dug deep at their construction site located in Sectors 25A and 32. The company has also been asked to explain why the activity was being conducted without the required layout and building plan permissions.Coming down heavily on the organization, the Authority has also asked for an explanation as to why the dug up earth was being collected at the construction site. The Authority has alleged that the huge mounds of dug-up earth was causing a great inconvenience to the public, besides causing respiratory problems to people in the vicinity. \"We issued a notice to the company on Monday for an explanation,\" said a senior Authority official. The notice has also directed the company to close down earth digging with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13158287", "title": "Garbage trouble clouds Taleigao", "text": "PANAJI: Fumes emanating from burnt garbage at a dumping site at Nagalli Hill, Taleigao, for over 20 days, has come to haunt nearby residents and they are gearing up to approach authorities to seek relief from the health hazard.Troubled by clouds of smoke for about a week, a few residents from the nearby buildings held a meeting on Tuesday evening to discuss the problem. \"We are suffocating from the fumes, as the garbage is set ablaze every day,\" a resident said.The residents have decided to hold an inspection of the site on Wednesday at 8.30am. \"We will also call fire services to put off the fire,\" the residents said. Initially, the villagers thought the fire may be a stray case, but the fumes billowing everywhere with the breeze is turning into a major problem, especially for children and elderly, sources said.\"Children have stopped using the play area near the buildings and prefer remaining indoors now,\" an occupant of a nearby building said. Residents who claimed that they are suffering from respiratory problems have decided to approach local MLA Jennifer Monserrate regarding unscientific disposal of waste.The MLA was not available for comment and sarpanch Prakash Naik is injured in an accident, sources said.The site was being used by the Corporation of the City of Panaji to dump unsegregated waste for quite some time. The problem arose as mixed waste was being handed over to the CCP by some eateries and hotels, sources said.Taleigao panchayat barred the entry of CCP trucks, alleging that the situation was grave due to lack of proper infrastructure to treat the waste. The corporation was stopped from using the site as apprehensions were raised about leachate from the site contaminating ground water and causing other health problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159249", "title": "Mamata to lay Nazrul Academy foundation on May 25", "text": "KOLKATA: Twenty-seven years after Bangladesh established the Nazrul Institute to preserve and propagate the works of its national poet, chief minister Mamata Banerjee is set to lay the foundation stone of the Nazrul Academy on May 25, his 113th birth anniversary, with similar objectives. The academy will be housed in Salt Lake's Indira Bhavan, setting to rest the political mud-slinging over name change since December 28 last year.Nazrul Academy - set-up by Mamata soon after taking over the reins of the state - now functions from a room at Rabindra Sadan. Poet Joy Goswami heads the academy. It will now move into its new offices in Indira Bhavan. Goswami, who isn't keeping well, wasn't available to speak. Nazrul's daughter-in-law Kalyani Kazi, also a member of the academy, speaking to TOI from Bangladesh, said: \"It indeed makes me very happy that something is finally happening, to preserve and propagate Nazrul's work in his own birthplace.\"The chief minister on Friday told her party functionaries that she will inaugurate the academy on May 25, stressing the work done to felicitate and honour people who've not only brought laurels to the state, but put it on the world map. Mamata also took this opportunity to stress that nothing was done for the legendary poet during the Left Front regime, in a place where he was born, but forced to leave in the later years of his life.The chief minister has already invited former Supreme Court judge and Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju for the May 25 event, knowing about Katju's immense interest in getting Nazrul's works translated into Hindi by the Kalidas Galib Foundation, of which he is the chief patron. On May 12, the chief minister had met Katju and requested that their foundation be associated with the academy.\"We are doing several works on Nazrul on our own. It was a very broad discussion with the chief minister. Hopefully at a later stage more concrete associations can be build up,\" said Supriyo Maitra, the foundation's VP and Bengal head. The Foundation on May 12 had felicitated Nazrul's family, including Kalyani Kazi.To house the academy, the home in which late chief minister Jyoti Basu moved into in 1987 and stayed till January 1, 2010, when he was taken to the hospital for the last time, will undergo a makeover. The architectural style of the proposed Nazrul Academy will be similar to the aesthetic European-style heritage buildings. The academy will be a complete educational and research centre on Kazi Nazrul Islam. It will have an archive, an audio-visual arena, a library, a reading room and a research centre. It will be meant for anyone with an interest in Nazrul, including students and research scholars. Nazrul's works will also be on display and people will be able to buy his books. The campus will have a green and aesthetic look with a beautifully landscaped surrounding and a small coffee shop.In fact, since the academy has been formed, many people have offered to donate records, books and manuscripts of Nazrul. These, however, could not be accepted because of lack of space.Manuscripts, notations, memorabilia, letters, books by and on Nazrul published in West Bengal and Bangladesh will be available at the academy. A closer collaboration will be made with the Nazrul Institute in Bangladesh, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13156544", "title": "Devotees celebrate Bada Mangal with enthusiasm", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second Bada Mangal was celebrated with traditional fervour and gaiety. Even the scorching heat failed to deter the devotees who thronged the temples in large numbers to pay obeisance to the deity. Temples reverberated with bhajans, Sunderkaand paath and Hanuman Chaalisaa which added to the overall divine mood. Organisations, groups, and people set up kiosks to distribute aloo puri, boondi and sharbat.Devotees queued up outside the Hanuman temples since early morning and the queue appeared to be an unending one. \"More than one lakh devotees including women and children visit the temple on the big day. In order to control the massive crowd, we have employed different gadgets such as close circuit cameras and metal detectors,\" said a member of trust in Hanuman Setu.In addition to the two prominent city temples, the entire city was also under the sway of the festival. High security arrangements and traffic diversions were made throughout the city for the safety of the devotees and to streamline heavy traffic flow. Police was seen on the streets to control the crowds.Bada Mangal, the festival which is unique to the city is celebrated on every Tuesday of the Hindu month Jyestha. A symbol of Hindu-Muslim unity, the celebration of Bada Mangal dates back to around 200 years when a devout Muslim, Jaan-e-Aalia the second begum of Awadh's Nawab Shujaudaulah got the temple constructed.The traditional fair which has been the main attraction over the years is organised at Aliganj temple and men were seen masquerading as Lord Hanuman. While the children enjoyed swings and game shows, women made a beeline to the stalls selling household items and accessories. Food stalls were also a huge hit among the masses. \"I offer prasad on every Tuesday, but on Bada Mangal, I feel more spiritual,\" said Pawan Singh, a devotee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13158974", "title": "Supreme Court notice on entry into Kalighat temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday issued notice to the Centre and the state government on a petition seeking that devotees be permitted to enter the sanctum sanctorum of Kalighat temple .An apex court vacation bench of justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhyay issued the notice after it was told that devotees were not able to enter the temple's sanctum sanctorum in the wake of a Calcutta high court order.The high court April 20 had completely banned the entry of devotees, including VVIPs and VIPs in the sanctum sanctorum and allowed only priests in.Counsel for the Kalighat Temple Committee, Rana Mukherjee, told the court that the ban on the entry of devotees was creating a law and order problem. agenciesThe high court had passed its order after hearing a public suit seeking directions to the temple committee to ensure that the temple in general and sanctum sanctorum in particular is kept in a clean state.The suit also sought direction that the devotees should not be allowed to throw flowers at the idol and the sanctum sanctorum should not be littered with any kind of material, including flowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "13158986", "title": "Pradip Ta murder: Notices served on two accused", "text": "BURDWAN: Police on Tuesday served notices on Jhantu Ghosh and Arun Bhattacharya, two of the key accused in the Pradip Ta murder case. Both had fled along with their families a day after the murder of Ta and CPM district committee member Kamal Gayen.The accused have been asked to appear before the Burdwan CJM court by May 16, failing which their properties will be seized by the court.About a week ago, the CID submitted a chargesheet against 19 persons. While Burdwan Sadar police had arrested four persons from the spot, the CID rounded up seven more later. But eight persons, including Ghosh and Bhattacharya, are still on the run. Neighbours claimed they have no idea where the two families have gone.ASI Joydeb Mondal of Burdwan Sadar police station went to the houses of the accused and pasted the notice on their main doors. Such notices will soon be served on the remaining six persons, said sources.Pradip Ta, former CPM MLA from Uttar Burdwan, had died in February after his head was smashed by a group of people who attacked him with sticks, machetes and boulders while taking out a rally. His colleague and party district leader Kamal Gayen also succumbed to injuries while being shifted to Kolkata. Another CPM leader, Rupkumar Gupta, was admitted to a Kolkata hospital with severe injuries.A political blamegame had started after the murder of the leaders. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had refused to call the deaths murder. \"They were victims of CPM's infighting. There were many cases pending against the dead. This is not murder,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13157830", "title": "1/3rd of work won't be done by May 31, admits Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's roads department", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a review of major and minor road work, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s roads department on Tuesday admitted that nearly one-thirds of the road work would not be completed before the May 31 deadline.Despite initial plans of finishing the entire work before the monsoon, work on around 32 concrete and asphalt roads across the city will be taken up only after the monsoon. The entire project is costing the civic body over Rs 900 crore. The civic body had missed the first phase deadline of February as well.Of the major roads, the civic body has completed 58 cement-concrete and 120 asphalt roads. In the island city, 14 cement-concrete and 24 asphalt roads have been completed. From the initial target, the civic body had to drop three cement-concrete roads and two asphalt roads from its itinerary. According to the plans, while eight roads in the island city will be completed before the monsoon, work on three roads will be taken up after the monsoon.Unlike the island city, several changes were seen in the civic body's plan for the suburbs. The BMC dropped 17 roads - the maximum in the suburbs - in the eastern suburbs. The civic body had to drop plans to resurface 10 roads in Shivaji Nagar due to illegal water connections. \"Unless these connections are shifted to a new pipeline, we cannot carry out the road work. The public in Shivaji Nagar haven't been co-operating with us,\" Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI.The highest number of roads (23 cement-concrete and asphalt roads) that will be taken up after the monsoon are in the eastern suburbs. Ravindra Ghodke, chief engineer (roads) said, \"There have been some changes in our plans for the eastern suburbs. While a number of roads have been dropped due to various reasons, we have taken up an equal number of new roads for resurfacing.\"Despite the initial hiccup of getting permissions from various utilities to begin work, the data provided by the civic body suggests that major road work in the western suburbs is on track. Around 50 cement-concrete and asphalt roads have been completed in the western suburbs. Not a single cement-concrete or asphalt road has been dropped unlike in the other areas. While not a single asphalt road will be taken up after the monsoon, work on only one cement-concrete road will be taken up after the rainy season. The civic body has to complete only 9 cement-concrete and asphalt roads before the monsoon deadline.Mumbai: Following a review of the major and minor road work, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's roads department on Tuesday admitted that nearly one-third of the roads would not be completed before the May 31 deadline. Despite initial plans of finishing the entire work before the monsoon, around 32 cement concrete and asphalt roads across the city will be taken up after the monsoon. The entire project is costing the civic body over Rs 900 crore. Interestingly, the civic body had missed the first phase deadline (February) too.In the major roads, the civic body has completed 58 cement concrete and 120 asphalt roads. In the island city, 14 cement concrete and 24 asphalt roads have been completed. From the initial target, the civic body had to drop 3 cement concrete roads and 2 asphalt roads from its itinerary. As per the plans, while eight roads in the island city will be completed before the monsoon, 3 roads will be taken up after the monsoon.Unlike the island city, several changes were seen in the civic body's plan for the suburbs. The civic body dropped 17 roads - the maximum in the suburbs - in the eastern suburbs. The BMC had to drop plans to resurface 10 roads in Shivaji Nagar due to illegal water connections. \"Unless these connections are shifted to a new pipeline, we cannot carry out the road work. The public in Shivaji Nagar haven't been cooperating with us,\" Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, had earlier told TOI. The highest number of roads (23 cement concrete and asphalt roads) that will be taken up after the monsoon is in the eastern suburbs. Ravindra Ghodke, chief engineer (roads), \"There have been some changes in our plans for the eastern suburbs. While a number of roads have been dropped due to various reasons, we have taken up equal number of new roads for resurfacing.\"Despite the initial hiccup of getting permissions from various utilities to begin work, the data provided by the civic body suggests that major road work in the western suburbs is on track. Around 50 cement concrete and asphalt roads have been completed in the western suburbs. Interestingly, not a single cement concrete or asphalt road has been dropped unlike the other areas. While not a single asphalt road will be taken up after the monsoon, only one cement concrete road will be taken up after the rainy season. The civic body has to complete only 9 cement concrete and asphalt roads before the monsoon deadline.STATUS UPDATECEMENT CONCRETE ROADS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13159286", "title": "Governor nod to land act, Mamata gets an anniversary gift", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan has given his assent to the West Bengal Land Reforms (amendment) Bill, 2012, giving chief minister Mamata Banerjee a tool to silence critics accusing her government of not being industry-friendly.The legislation, that now becomes an act, will feature prominently in the book marking the new government's anniversary.The amended act is designed to encourage the setting up of business establishments like factories, ports and airports and proposes to raise the upper ceiling of holding excess land. However, the government has included a provision in sub-section (6) of Section 4C of the principal act, which says no one can use its provisions to change a plot, convert or alter the area, character or mode of use of the plot.The amendment to Section 14Y of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955 will allow entrepreneurs to hold more than 24 acres. Industrialists will be able to lease out this excess land after obtaining the state government's permission.However, the act warned entrepreneurs that \"if such person fails to utilize such land within three years or the date of such permission granted under the first provision for the purpose for which he has been so permitted by the state government and in any case the unit is not set up within the period of three years... then, all the provisions relating to ceiling area shall apply to the area of land which is held in excess of the ceiling area applicable to him under Section 14M.\"According to the act, excess land can be transferred by open auction. Only, the provision will not be applicable to tea gardens.According to the amendment, \"if the state government... is satisfied that such person requires land for the purpose of establishing a mill, factory or workshop, livestock breeding farm, poultry farm, dairy, industrial park or industrial hub or industrial estate, financial hub, warehousing, tea garden, agro-industry, power plant or power transmission or distribution sub-station, film city, tourism project, educational and medical institutions, bio-tech park, food park, port, airport, shipyard, including ship building and ship breaking, oil and gas products, piped transportation, information and communication technology (ICT) industries and ICT-allied industries, or mining and allied activities, and for the purpose of future expansion of any such units, such person may, with the previous permission, in writing, of the state government and on such terms and conditions and in such manners as the state government may, by rules prescribe, acquire and hold land in excess of the ceiling area applicable to him under section 14 M.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158067", "title": "Farmers have higher fertilizer bill as Govt cuts subsidy", "text": "NAGPUR: The shift in government's fertilizer subsidy policy has upset farmers' calculations. Just as price of petrol is frequently hiked after government did away with the administered price mechanism in early 2000s, rates of fertilizers have doubled in a year after government changed its policy.Till March 2011, government used to fix the price of fertilizers and subsidies were provided to maintain the rate. It has now changed to a system of having a fixed per tonne subsidy. So whatever the cost of production, government support in the form of subsidy will be same, which has been pegged at Rs 14,000 a tonne.This has subjected sale price of fertilizers to market volatilities and resulted in prices being doubled for major fertilizers including DAP. It may help the government cut subsidy bill but it also means increased overheads for the farmer. There are reports of peasants in the region having already cut down fertilizer purchases for the coming season.Farmers in Vidarbha have been complaining over high input cost as against too low market prices for their produce. Secretary of Nagpur Agro Dealers Association Sharad Chandak said farmers have cut down their purchases and cotton growers have been affected the most due to increase in rates. A bag of DAP now costs Rs 1050 per 50kg against Rs 525 last year, a bag complex which is a mixture of various fertilizers is now priced over Rs 800 as against Rs 380.\"This happened gradually as the cost of production increased. Initially, the farmers would complain of the price hike but have now adjusted to it by cutting down purchases,\" he said. There was a cut in subsidies in middle of the year as the global prices of DAP eased. However, the global scenario did not benefit farmers for whom fertilizer rates remained high.The farmers' loss cannot be denied but a saving grace is ample supply of fertilizers in the market. However, this is due to a poor Rabi season that ends in March. A low crop led to low use of fertilizers and the backlog is being used. Huge imports are lying in the ports and companies are liberally allowing credit to dealers, said Chandak.Nitin Khadse, a farmer from village Jalka in Yavatmal district, says he purchased only 15 bags instead of his requirement of 30. \"This is expected to bring down the average yield of cotton but I cannot afford to buy the entire quantity. Even others in the village have cut consumption,\" he said.According to Amitabh Pawade, an engineer-turned-farmer from Narkhed, it might be difficult for farmers to recoup their expenses. Manufacturers should find means of reducing production cost instead of passing on the burden to farmers.The quantity and type of fertilizers differ from crop to crop. In this region, cotton consumes maximum fertilizers and soyabean relatively less amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13160164", "title": "Katariveera's troubles are far from over", "text": "MANGALORE: The troubles of 'Katariveera Surasundarangi' may be far from over.Though the solution proposed by Pejawar seer Vishweshatheertha and Shiroor seer Laxmivaratheertha has been agreed to by the film's producer Muniratna and lead actor Upendra, the Hindu Janajagruthi Samithi (HJS) is keeping a close watch.HJS coordinator, Ramesh Nayak said, \"We will watch the movie when it will be released on Friday. If there is anything objectionable, we will demand the movie to be taken off the theatres.''Nayak said that it was the Samithi which launched the protest against the movie. \"We submitted a memorandum to a theatre here and the owner demanded police protection. The next day Bajrang Dal stopped the screening of the movie,'' he said.Regarding the objections, Nayak said, \"The movie should not have been released in the first place as it goes against the essence of Hinduism and mocks it. We did not want to oppose the decision of the seers who are above us. On Friday, we will see the edited version of the movie when it will be released again and decide whether it can be exhibited or not.''Nayak said that the Samithi would not resort to violence to achieve its objective. \"We will not take law into our hands. We will go legally if we find anything objectionable. We will launch statewide campaign.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13158490", "title": "Kendu leaf pluckers denied basic necessity of chappals", "text": "KORAPUT: Even as kendu leaf plucking season is almost over, around 70,000 kendu leaf pluckers, registered under Jeypore kendu leaf division, are yet to be provided with chappals. The pluckers, forced to walk the forests barefoot for several kilometers, have to endure foot injuries in the absence of proper footwear.\"I cover around four to five kilometers every day barefoot to pluck kendu leaves. I have injured my feet many times and it is very much painful to return home in the scorching heat,\" said Ura Kawasi of Kalimela in Malkangiri district.Hundreds of pluckers in Malkangiri, Koraput and Rayagada districts have to endure the painful exercise during the kendu leaf plucking season each year from April to mid-May in the absence of this basic facility. \"Last year, I received Rs 25 from kendu leaf department for purchasing chappals but this year we are yet to get either the chappals or the money from the department. Chappals are a bare necessity for us as we works inside the forest,\" said Bhima Kawasi of Koimetla collection centre in Kalimela.Besides, the pluckers alleged Rs 25 given to them for buying chappals is not sufficient as the footwear is not available in the market for that price. \"Last year, we were given Rs 25 to purchase chappals and that too in June when plucking season was over. It is very difficult to find chappals at this price,\" said Rane Kawasi. \"The government should either hike the money provided to buy chappals or should supply chappals and that too before the plucking season starts,\" he added.According to official sources, the state government has been supplying either chappals or money for the purchase to kendu leaf pluckers since 2004, but this time no funds were allocated for this purpose. \"Last year, money was distributed among the pluckers to purchase chappals. This year, no funds have been allocated by the state government for this, neither were chappals distributed among the pluckers,\" admitted divisional forest officer of Jeypore kendu leaf division, Prasant Kumar Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13161298", "title": "A celebrity bungalow for Edavapathy", "text": "Director Lenin Rajendran is currently shooting in Munnar for his next, Edavapathy. The director has rented a bungalow in the hill station for the shoot.Apparently, the bungalow is famous for its celebrity guests. A host of celebrities, including Amitabh Bachchan and music maestro Ilayaraja prefer to stay here while visiting Munnar. \"In fact, I have heard that Ilayaraja prefers to stay here while he is composing music,\" informs the director.Taking a cue from them, the director has also decided to stay at the bungalow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13160515", "title": "Yemeni student attacks traffic cop", "text": "A19-year-old Yemeni student was arrested after he allegedly twisted a traffic police constable's arm near Koramangala water tank junction on Sarjapura Road on Monday afternoon. So severe was the attack that the constable, Gangadhar , has been left with a dislocated left shoulder joint.Mohammed Saleh, theYemen national who is attending an English speaking course conducted by MS Ramaiah college, was furious with the constable as he sought to stop him while riding a bike without helmet. \"I spotted Saleh riding a motorbike without helmet. I asked him to stop the bike. But he tried to escape. I held on to his bike handle and stopped him,\" Gangadhar said. The constable was accompanying his superior, an ASI, during an enforcement drive.A furious Saleh shot back, \"Rules are only for Indians. Not me.\"Saleh failed to produce either licence or vehicle documents . \"He was slapped a fine of Rs 400; Rs 300 for driving without licence and Rs 100 for not wearing helmet,\" Audugodi traffic police said. The Yemeni student said he had no cash and would pay later . \"Then we asked him to pay the fine in the court and take the bike,\" police said. Gangadhar started pushing the bike to the roadside to take it later to the police station as it had been seized.\"Saleh suddenly began shouting at me. He abused me. He wanted to take away the bike but I refused. He attacked me and twisted my left arm,\" Gangadhar said. Passersby rushed to the constable's rescue and overpowered Saleh. A Hoysala patrol vehicle was summoned and he was taken to Koramangala police station. Gangadhar was rushed to a private hospital and has been advised 15 days' rest. Saleh, a resident of Old Airport Road, has been sent to judicial custody.COMMISSIONER SPEAKSCity police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji told TOI that city police would meet office-bearers of bodies representing foreign students in Bangalore. \"It is sad that our policemen are being repeatedly attacked by foreigners. The law of the land applies to everyone who is here. We will hold talks with their representatives. If necessary, we will write to their embassies too,\" Mirji said.LOOKING BACKJuly 23, 2011: Six Ugandan students, including three women, beat up Amruthahalli police when their car was stopped at a checkpoint. The attackers were in an inebriated condition February 19, 2010: Irani students Farima, 26, and her friend, Azara Fazle, 29, were arrested for attacking a traffic police constable near MG Road during a drive against drunken driving. Both the Irani women were under the influence of alcoholPROBLEM POINTIt is difficult to specify norms for living in a foreign country. All I can say is that if you are living in a foreign country, you are a guest there and you should behave like one. At the same time you are a representative of the country you are coming from. So it is your responsibility to keep up the dignity of your country- Beth Chapman | PRESIDENT, THE OVERSEAS WOMEN'S CLUB OF BANGALOREWe are receiving many complaints from city police regarding problems involving foreigners. Apart from frequent brawls with the law enforcement officers, some foreigners have also been caught in narcotics cases. Officers of the foreigners registration office have been given strict orders to keep a tab on those coming to the city. There are systems in place to keep track of the conduct of these foreigners and it will be taken into consideration during the renewal of visa- Senior state intelligence bureau officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13159812", "title": "SBS Nagar water \u2018not fit\u2019 for consumption", "text": "SBS NAGAR: SBS Nagar residents, the water you drink is ''not fit\" for consumption. As, chlorinators of all four tubewells have reportedly been non-functional for a couple of years, with both Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) and Punjab Water and Sewerage Board ''turning a blind eye towards the problem''.The ''unfit'' potable water, however, is worrying residents.They alleged that in the past, water samples had failed purity test twice. ''But despite that the authorities did not wake up to the problem, letting chlorinators remain non-functional,'' they added.An accounts officer and resident of the area, Balraj Chopra, said, ''How can the authorities be so careless? There is no official employee to operate the tubewells, rather slum-dwellers residing nearby are looking after these. Who will be responsible if there is an outbreak of diseases?''A railway employee and area resident, Surinder Singh Grewal, said, ''Last year, gastroenteritis had spread in the area because the water was not fit for consumption. But the authorities failed to act. Monsoon is approaching... it will be difficult to tackle the problem at that time.''Sub-divisional officer of LIT Boota Ram said, ''The maintenance work of tubewells in SBS Nagar comes under sewerage board. When the water samples had failed the test in August last year, we had asked the board to make chlorinators functional. It had assured to look after them well.''On the other hand, the sewerage board officials rubbished the charges and claimed that the tubewells were chlorinated regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13158550", "title": "Franchisee diktat to players: Don't talk to strangers and the media", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a news channel conducted a sting operation showing players talking about various payment issues, the franchises of the Indian Premier League (IPL) have cautioned their players not to talk to unknown persons and try to refrain away from the media.\"We have been told not to speak to unknown persons. It's fair enough after whatever happened with those players. Our franchise conducted a meeting and instructed a few important things,\" a player, who is playing in the IPL, told TOI on condition of anonymity.The TV channel showed five domestic players discussing the alleged involvement of IPL captains and even team owners in engaging in lengthy haggling over the price of bowling a no-ball on demand in the IPL.The players were also seen discussing deals in which IPL owners allegedly pay players \"in black\" well beyond the slabs prescribed by the league.It's not that the franchises are overtly worried over the issue but they don't want further controversies. \"We don't want to comment on what has happened. The BCCI is already conducting the enquiry. However, we have informed our players not to speak to any unknown person even if he says he is an agent or any official. You don't know what their intentions may be. We haven't placed a media gag, but even if a player knows some journalist he should first inform us before talking to him,\" an official of IPL franchise said.A BCCI official, who doesn't wish to be named, said that players should only concentrate on playing and if they perform well things will automatically fall into place.\"First of all, these players should stay away from these 'unknown agents'. Look what has happened with those five players. The associations should also educate their players. Most of the associations now have media managers and CEOs; they should inform these things to them if at they come across such incidents. Now a days, any small thing related to BCCI is big issue for media,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13160182", "title": "No land for the big infrastructure push", "text": "KOCHI: Going by the delays in acquiring land in the city, the future of infrastructure projects is grim. The revenue department is yet to acquire 346.37 hectares of land needed for four major projects - Kochi Metro, first phase of Cochin city road improvement project (CCRIP), second phase of seaport-airport road and the Sabari rail project. Revenue officials say the delay in fixing the price of land to be acquired is hampering the progress.The much-vaunted Kochi Metro project will find it tough if land is not acquired soon. The authorities have completed the process to get land along the North railway over bridge and have finalized the land value on MG Road, Banerjee Road and South railway station road between Rs 38 lakh and Rs 40 lakh. Though the land value has been finalised, the authorities are yet to resolve the disputes and objections put forward by the land owners in these area. The revenue department has formed two separate units to acquire about 28.50 hectares of land between Aluva and Petta.Meanwhile, the project to relay 19 roads in the city under the first phase of CCRIP is awaiting administrative nod from the state government. Officials of the land acquisition section of the revenue department say the land can be acquired for Kerala Road Fund Board (KRFB), the implementing agency, only after the government sanction. The KRFB wants 7.52 hectares of land for the project and had notified the revenue officials about this three months ago. \"Unless the department hands over the land to us, we will not be able to take up the project,\" said a senior KRFB official. The acquisition of 169.82 hectares of land for the second phase of seaport-airport road from Kalamassery to Nedumbassery is also pending. Though the project was launched in 2000 it was delayed due to fund paucity.The state government has asked the revenue officials to go ahead with the land acquisition process for the project whose implementing agency is the Roads and Bridges Corporation Kerala (RBDCK). The muchneeded land is spread across five villages of Thrikkakara north , Chengamanad , Chowara, Aluva east and Aluva west.The Sabari rail project is in limbo for no fault of the state government. Though the authorities completed the survey procedures to acquire 77.09 hectares of the total 140.53 hectares of land in the district for the rail link between Angamaly and Azhutha, the railways has not released the funds (Rs 189.57 crore). Meanwhile, the state government, unhappy over the railways' suggestion of 50:50 cost-sharing of project, has partially suspended the notification for the land acquisition process.Early last month, the railway board had sent a letter to the district administration to close down the special tahsildar office at Muvattupuzha. Though the collector had convened a meeting of railway officials to retain the office, the officials responded negatively.On Monday, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth had urged the land rev- enue officials to speed up the land acquisition process for various projects in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13157549", "title": "Indian judges ganwar: Chishty", "text": "JAIPUR: Dr S M Khalil Chishty, who has returned home to Pakistan late Tuesday after spending about 20 years in Ajmer, including in jail as a convict, was embroiled in a fresh controversy. Few hours after the Supreme Court ordered his release from jail and allowed him to go back to Pakistan last Thursday, a Hindi news channel showed him ridiculing the Indian judiciary during a conversation.Based on the telecast, Ajmer lawyer Devendra Singh Chauhan filed a petition on Monday in a fast track court accusing Chishty of scandalizing Indian judiciary. The court will hear the petition on May 28 to decide if the case is admissible.The telecast showed Chishty saying the Indian judiciary was replete with ill-informed (ganwar) and uneducated people, which delayed disposal of cases. The Pakistani virologist was critical of the lower judiciary, which he alleged, could not decide his case in 20 years.On Tuesday, Chishty released a statement saying he has high regard for the Indian judiciary and he had no intentions to demean the judicial system. \"I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to all those concerned over some remarks that were made by me during an interview after my release from prison. I wish to clarify that I did not mean to be disrespectful to the Indian judiciary, I am a law abiding man with utmost respect for judiciary. If my remarks hurt anyone, please accept my deepest apology,\" Chishty said in the statement released after reaching Pakistan.Chishty came for a wedding to Ajmer on April 9, 1992. During an altercation on April 19, 1992, one Syed Mohammad Idris died. Chishty was one of the accused in the case.Since then, he was not allowed to move out of Ajmer. He was in judicial custody and released on bail after 15 days. On January 23, 2011, he was convicted and handed a life sentence. Last Thursday, the SC allowed him to return to Pakistan on humanitarian ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "13160449", "title": "Death sentence for killing four of a family", "text": "ANANTAPUR: A daily wage labourer was awarded death sentence by the district sessions court here on Tuesday for burning to death four members of a family. The court ordered that Edige Manjunath be hanged till his death.Pronouncing the verdict, first additional sessions judge K Vijaya Kumar said the prosecution had proved all the charges against Manjunath.The accused had set fire to a house at Poderalla village in Bukkarayasamudram mandal in April 2011 burning alive four members of a family. The judge said Manjunath's crime was inhuman and hence deserved the capital punishment.Manjunath had an extramarital relation with a woman and had pestered her to hand over Rs 30,000. When she refused, he nursed a grudge and hatched a plan to eliminate her. He poured petrol and set the house on fire when she was asleep. But the woman's daughter, mother and father were also killed in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13160061", "title": "Ahmedabad marble men carve out global marvels", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mukesh Ambani's 'Antilla' has a few more Amdavadi touches than just being the palatial house of a Gujarati business tycoon. Its 148 columns made of pure Ambaji white marble have been designed by artisans in Changodar, some 20 km way from Ahmedabad.Most of the marble stone work in billionaire Laxmi Mittal's extravagant house 'Taj Mittal' in the UK and Mayawati's statues too were carved out in this town.It's in this little-known factory owned by Ahmedabad-based Trivedi family where designers are currently working on stone art installations to be put up in a 90-metre tall pagoda in Vietnam and Kazakhstan president Nursultan Nazarbayev's residence in Almati.Trivedis, who own white marble mine in Ambaji and black marble mine in Abu, have recently bagged a $5-million order for the stone work at the pagoda, which will depict the journey of Lord Buddha from India to other countries.\"My grandfather D K Trivedi restored the Ranakpur and Dilwara temples in 1940s. Since then, the family has created designs and done stone work for more than 50 temples and gurudwaras across the world,\" says Kiran Trivedi.For Trivedi, pagoda is a dream project. \"The developer, Nguyen Van Truong, one of the most influential industrialists in Vietnam, wanted the stones from India as Buddha was born here,\" says Trivedi.The company has invested nearly Rs 100 crore in its units which have close to 40 full-scale CNC machines in Changodar and Abu.Manan, Trivedi's son, is working with a Swiss architect to convert an erstwhile palace in Switzerland into a five-star hotel and a Malaysian company for creating stone designs for First International Financial Centre at Bandra Kurla Complex in Mumbai. Trivedis have done several high-end residences for corporate honchos in the US and UK and temples, including the Akshardham Temple in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13157922", "title": "No change of stand on Annandale ground issue: Prem Kumar Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Even the meeting of Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Gen V K Singh with chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal failed to end the Annandale controversy. While the Army Chief claimed that they are trying to sort out the matter amicably, The Himachal Pradesh chief minister said there is no change in the stand of state government on the issue.The Army chief is on a official visit to Shimla before his retirement on May 31 and he has been declared the state guest. On Tuesday, Gen V K Singh met Dhumal at his office and held detailed discussion on various issues, including Annandale ground.While talking to mediapersons after his meeting, the Army chief said he is sure of finding an amicable solution to the controversy between the Army and state government on Annandale ground. \"We have put our position before the state government,\" said the Army chief.The chief minister who was also present there did not speak much on the issue, but he said there is no change in the stand of state government on Annandale ground issue.While a statement from defence spokesperson on April 14 on Annandale ground had brought the relation between the Army and the Himachal Pradesh government at all time low and had forced Dhumal to announce filing of defamation case against the Army if latter failed to tender apologies for its statement, on Tuesday, both sides were seen praising each other.Dhumal said that Himachal Pradesh had been taking up various matters of strategic importance from defence point of view ,such as construction of railway line till Leh, construction of Rohtang tunnel relocation of Dogra Regiment from Faizabad to Una and setting up of canteen stores department (CSD) and he thanked the Army chief for his support to the state in these important issues.General V K Singh on his part thanked the chief minister for extending all help to the Army during his stewardship and for maintaining cordial relations with the command and local armed establishments. He appreciated the initiatives taken by the state government in protecting the interests of the ex-servicemen and serving soldiers. He said the facilities available to them were unparallel to many other states in the country. He said all such gestures of the state government would go a long way in maintaining cordial relations between the state and the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13157949", "title": "Young woman commits suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Body of a commerce graduate missing since Monday night was found floating at Gandhi Sagar Lake on Tuesday morning. Sushma Khante (24), a resident of Ganjipeth, apparently committed suicide, Ganeshpeth police said.Sushma was currently unemployed and was also suffering from some illness since last few months, police said. The family members claimed that she was unable to bear the pain and hence ended her life. However, police suspect some other reason possibly related to love interest behind the suicide.Sushma's father Madhukar passed away six years ago. Youngest of three married sisters, she was staying with her mother Chandrakala, a homemaker, and younger brother Pranay employed as a peon at a private bank. Police said Sushma left home after dinner saying she was going to her uncle's house nearby and would return in an hour. Her family become anxious when she did not return even after two hours.After failing to find Sushma despite an all night search, Pranay and her relatives approached Ganeshpeth police to file a missing person report. By that time police were already informed about a girl's body in Gandhi Sagar. Later, the family identified the body as that of Sushma. Cops said no suicide note was found either at the spot or at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-16"}
