{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15217871", "title": "Power Corporation Limited not to impose charge on load for rural consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited on Friday, cancelled its earlier order to impose fixed charge based on per unit of sanctioned load on the rural unmetered consumers.The corporation, in fact, went back to its original rule where fixed charge for the category is based on per consumer connection.The move came a day after it decided to strengthen the database of rural consumers in a bid to provide better power supply to the rural consumers.The decision to withdraw the order came on a petition of UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad filed in the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission. The association had contended that the power supply has not been of the standard that could invite application of fixed charge based on per sanctioned load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15220975", "title": "Staff callousness not a new thing", "text": "JALANDHAR: It is not the first time that callousness has been witnessed at Jalandhar Civil Hospital while handling the infants, which happens to be the largest civil hospital in the state with 400 beds.Around two-and-half-years back, in second week of January 2010, two premature male twins were declared dead just after their birth and were left in the open in the cold with just a piece of cloth around them, only to be found alive after an hour by an attendant of the patient. Both the infants died later.The premature twins were born on January 16 to one Vandana. Her husband Ashwani had said that his mother, who was outside the operation theatre, was told by the hospital staff that they were dead and asked them to bring a piece of cloth for their burial. The infants were placed on a table.Meenu Sharma, an aunt of Ashwani, went to the bazaar to buy the cloth and when she returned after around an hour, she saw that one infant was making movement and raised an alarm. The infants were then kept in incubators but one of them died the same evening, six hours after birth while the second died after around 38 hours.It later came out that the delivery was conducted by two staff nurses who also took the decision about the fate of the infants that they were dead without getting them examined from a pediatrician.Meanwhile, sources said that another child from Nurmahal, who was a year old, had died in the hospital on Tuesday and his family also did not have any money. They had to leave the hospital at around 1.30 am after calling up their relatives in the village, who also brought a vehicle and paid the pending bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219666", "title": "CM asks Centre to set up passport seva kendras (PSKs) for districts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Friday urged the Union government to set up two more passport seva kendras (PSKs) in the state.\"I would request you to take immediate action for setting up two regional PSKs at Sambalpur (which will serve the districts in western Odisha) and Berhampur (which will serve the districts in southern Odisha,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said in a letter to minister for external affairs S M Krishna.Highlighting the increasing demand for passports, Naveen said Odisha has only one PSK located at Bhubaneswar. Consequently, citizens of districts located in western and southern parts of the state are facing difficulty in obtaining passports, he pointed out.According to the CM, the average distance of the 10 districts located in western Odisha is 312 km from Bhubaneswar and as many as 9,011 applications for passport were received in 2011 from these areas. Similarly, the average distance of the eight districts located in the southern region of Odisha is 367 km from the state capital and a total number of 7,578 citizens from these districts applied for passport in 2011, he added.Naveen said two new PSKs at Sambalpur and Berhampur should be established keeping in view the geographical distance of these districts from Bhubaneswar as well as the number of citizens applying for passport. \"In case these two PSKs are established, the average distance of the districts located in the western region to the PSK (proposed at Sambalpur) will be reduced from 312 km to 116 km,\" he said, adding, \"The average distance of the districts located in the southern region to the PSK (proposed at Berhampur) will be reduced from 367 km to 178 km,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221312", "title": "St Mary's school in the dock over fee hike complaints", "text": "BHOPAL: Yet another private school is in the limelight after complaints were lodged against the school management for 'unreasonable' hike in fees structure by parents on Friday. The district education officer (DEO) is inquiring the case against St Mary's Convent School, Tulsi Nagar.DEO CM Upadhyay said, \"Around five parents have submitted a complaint against St Mary's Convent School alleging that the minimum fee hike over last year was Rs 3,000 for lower classes and for higher classes were Rs 5,000. This is clearly exorbitant.\"He added that an enquiry would be conducted into the same possibly of Monday.Meanwhile, around 50 parents of students studying in St Theresa school reached the DEO office complaining about fee hike and alleged misconduct by teachers on July 26.Hardayal Singh Kushwaha, one of parents said, \"We spoke to the DEO after which he called up the principal and had a had a talk.\"DEO said, \"Sr Rosy has been summoned to the office with relevant papers on Saturday at 11 am. We would hear both the sides and take a decision.\"Kushwaha said that the new fees structure contained fees for the months of May and June as well, which was previously not being collected till last year. \"The fee for the two months was hidden and when pointed out the principal said that it was by the orders of the DEO,\" he said.DEO on the other hand said, \"I had never asked the school to collect fees for twelve months when till last year only ten months' fee was being collected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219526", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation standing panel plays safe, delays 3 proposals", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee has played safe regarding three controversial proposals in the meeting held on Friday, and ended up with no results. However, NMC was saved from huge loss, at least temporarily, on a proposal regarding the new administrative building.Sources told TOI that chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari directed officials to first obtain all pending plans from the architect of new administrative building and then send the proposal to increase his service charges. \"The proposal was sent back to the administration,\" sources said. The standing committee had been asked to allow increase in service charges of architect from Rs53.98 lakh committed in 2003 to Rs1.69 crore, citing increased cost of building.The standing committee also directed officials to take legal opinion on a proposal to issue work order for two years to a private firm for purchasing firewood for the 10 crematoriums. NMC had received a single bid, and member of standing committee Alka Dalal had objected to the same firm getting the contract for last five years.The standing committee also kept a proposal to issue work order to a private agency for pay and park at Sitabuldi market pending till next meeting.A proposal to replace old/defunct traffic signals with new ones at 20 junctions was sent back with directions to allow participation by authorized dealers in the tender. Earlier, only manufacturers were allowed to bid in the tender. Sources said the standing committee appeared to favour a local private firm by allowing participation by authorized dealers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218234", "title": "Monsoon might catch up in August, says Met", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While there is no distinct trend in the rainfall that India as a whole receives during the south-west monsoon, Chandigarh and nearby areas are getting less rain than before. According to weathermen, heavy monsoon showers which were earlier witnessed around July have seen a shift towards August and September months, over the years.839mm rain is normal for the season in Chandigarh, whereas in the first two months it has only rained around 277.7mm. \"If it does not rain enough in next two months then it would surely be a draught season, but seeing the trend over the last few years, the monsoon might catch up in August and September,\" said the duty officer from Chandigarh meteorological centre.Talking about monsoon trends, Manmohan Singh , Met director in Shimla , said, \"Looking at the trend, we were expecting lesser rains in June and July as monsoon gradually increased towards September. Six years ago, a study done in Pune revealed there has been a change in trend of rainfall over the country. It stated that the rains are decreasing in the month of June and July and increasing in August and September.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221057", "title": "Chennai govt under HC fire for diluting BE admission norms", "text": "CHENNAI: For the second time in a week, the Madras high court slammed the Tamil Nadu government for diluting the eligibility norms for admission to engineering colleges, and said perhaps it was being done to benefit private colleges rather than students from backward classes and rural areas.\"It is not those poor and needy students from rural areas and socially backward communities who stand to benefit...The attempt at diluting the standards will eventually prove only to be injurious to poor students hailing from marginalized and socially backward sections of the society,\" Justice V Ramasubramanian said.The court was ruling on the Tamil Nadu government's petition seeking to quash an All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) notification revising the eligibility criteria and stipulating that an open category student seeking admission into an engineering course must have scored a minimum of 50% marks in Class 12 and a reserved category candidate should have 45% marks. It was 45% for open category students, 40% for backward community students and 35% for SC/STs.The petition filed by the state higher education secretary claimed that the revised eligibility criteria would knock reserved category candidates out of the purview of engineering and technology degree, and that seats in engineering colleges would go unfilled.Justice Ramasubramanian, describing the government petition as an outcome of a 'very strange decision', pointed out that already Justice K Chandru has dismissed a petition by the state government and questioned the state's propriety to challenge prescription of standards by an expert body like the AICTE.While the AICTE had been diluting the minimum requirement criterion since 1992, only to increase it last year, the state government had been reducing it from 70% to just pass between 1992 and 2010, he said rejecting the petition.Pointing out that the vacancy of seats was alarming only in self-financing colleges, and not in government or aided colleges, Justice Ramasubramanian said: \"The vacancy position in self-financing colleges is alarming, but it is no ground for the state to reduce the norms.\"The judge said that self-financing engineering colleges had been resisting government control, and added: \"The state has no obligation to help these self-financing institutions to have all their seats filled up, and that too, by diluting the eligibility criteria.\"Citing the demand-and-supply theory of Adam Smith, he said the fact that 32,537 seats remained vacant in the year 2010-11 in self-financing colleges should have resulted in reduction in fee charged by the institutions. \"Simple law of demand and supply would mandate that these colleges reduce the fee charged, so as to attract more people and fill up the vacant seats. They do not do that. But the state has come up with a proposal to reduce the eligibility criteria, defying the age old theory of economics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "15219079", "title": "Sirumalai Hills, a perfect getaway for weekend drive", "text": "DINDIGUL: Far from the busy city life and all its pressures, Sirumalai hills - a group of hills in Dindigul district close to both Dindigul town and Madurai city - is a great option for a weekend break. Still a lesser known destination, there are eleven villages nestled in these scenic hills and efforts are on the anvil to develop it into an attractive tourist spot in the future.Sirumalai is situated 25 kms away from Dindigul town, of which 14 kms fall under a ghat section with 18 hairpin bends. From Madurai, it can be reached through Natham, which is around 50 kms away, rather than taking a farther route through Dindigul. The ghat section begins with a forest check post and the area is surrounded with many farms. Over the uphill drive of 14 kms, the atmosphere changes slowly from dry deciduous forest to semi-green forest. The hairpin bends offer a panoramic view of the hills and one can have a full view of Dindigul town and the rock fort from the third and fifth hair pin bends. The temperature starts falling as one climbs up further and after 10th hairpin bend, the change is palpable. A watch tower on 17th hairpin bend provides a spot to halt for a while and relish the scene of lush green forest cover below. The 18th hairpin bend leads to a sleepy village called Sirumalai Palaiyur and one can also glimpse posh bungalows on the way.The cool air makes Sirumalai a perfect hill retreat and the mild fragrance of wild flowers and the forest is truly an enthralling experience. Sirumalai consists of the villages of Anna Nagar, Sirumalai Palaiyur, Sirumalai Puthur, Agasthiarpuram, Thenmalai Ooradi, Kadamankulam, Velanpannai, Thalakadai, Thavittukadai, Ponnurukki. People here are involved in agricultural activities mainly with crops like lemon, coffee, pepper and plantain cultivations. The Sirumalai plantain is famous in the locality.As the hill retreat is yet to develop fully, travellers are advised to take necessary provisions uphill. Besides, the place also offers a perfect trekking experience. K Dharmar, panchayat president of Sirumalai says more than 5,000 families live on these hills. They use country horses as a source of transport in order to bring produce to the villages, from where they are then moved in small trucks and buses to the nearby Dindigul town. \"The climate is special here and suits most people. It is a pleasant place but we don't have too many facilities like hospitals or boarding facilities for tourists. We have taken it up with the district administration so that tourism can be developed in the region as an alternate source of employment,\" he said. District collector, N Venkatachalam said that they were developing various tourism projects for the place. \"There are a few proposals to create a park and boarding facilities for tourists and we have taken up the issue with the government in this regard. Very soon, Sirumalai will be a favourite tourism destination,\" he promised.Travel tips- One can travel 25 kms from Dindigul to reach Sirumalai and from Madurai, the place can be accessed through Natham- The 14 km ghat section has 18 hairpin bends and every bend offer a panoramic view- There is a small private boat club in Sirumalai Palaiyur, open on weekends and in the evenings on week days- Visitors can travel across the quaint villages and small hotels offer food and fruits like Sirumalai plantain and jack fruits- Make sure to carry necessary medicines as there are no medical shops or hospitals facilities here- Vehicles should be refuelled either in Dindigul or in Natham as there are no petrol bunks on top- A Shiva temple at Agasthiarpuram and a Pandian-era temple at Thenmalai are special attractions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15221289", "title": "Hazaribag hospital lacks doctors, medical staff", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Although a permanent Anti Retroviral Therapy Centre (ART) is functioning on the Sadar Hospital campus since April- 2010, till date no permanent doctor has been posted there by the state government.Civil surgeon Dr Binay Kumar said here on Friday, \"Posts for doctors are yet to be sanctioned by the state government. We are using the services of physicians already posted here in the hospital or the primary health centres so that the work here does not suffer.He said that they have written to the state government to sanction permanent post for the therapy centre. The hospital faces an acute shortage of specialist doctors. There are no eye surgeons in the hospital. Posts for permanent medical officer are lying vacant for years. The ones who were posted here were transferred and since and there has been no replacement.Even the post of deputy superintendent who exclusively looks after the day to day activities of sadar hospital is lying vacant, said the civil surgeon.Besides, this hospital has no compounder, dressers and A grade nurses. He said that against 10 A grade nurses who were transferred from here only three have joined their posts.Left with no option the sadar hospital is taking the help of Class IV employees who are working as compounders as well as dressers.However despite the constraints the ART Centre which was set up by the National Aids Control Centre (NACCO) at Hazaribag is operational. Between April 2010 to June 30 2012, the Centre handled 2926 HIV cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15212684", "title": "This Raksha Bandhan tie Ra.One on bros' wrist", "text": "ALLAHABAD: This Raksha Bandhan find rakhis made of gold, silver and even artificial diamonds to cartoon characters like Spiderman, Chota Bheem etc and even characters like Ra. One for the tiny toddlers, the concept of tying the bond of love between sisters and brothers and which was previously marked by just Resham (silk) or simple dora (thread) has undergone an overall transition. The buyer also prefers durability, pomp and show along with something which gives an impression of status symbol too. Although the designs may be different but the idea is fast catching up and that is to tie the loving thread all round the year in form of bracelet. And when there is no price bar, markets have the demand for Rakhi's made of gold and silver too.A businessman of Chowk area, Kadir, who is into the wholesale business of providing various items used during Raksha Bandhan, says, \"Earlier it was simple designer Rakhis, which has been replaced by new designs of Gujarat and Maharashtra after which we now have Rakhi made of gold and silver (using the polish of the same), artificial diamonds, pearls, stone work, chandan, Rudraksh, lockets and tiny statues of gods. Apart from these, the markets this year have Rakhi of various cartoon characters from Ben10, Spiderman, Ninja hattori and many others. You name the cartoon character and they are here on your wrist.\"In addition to these, the new arrival of this year is teddy bear, which is musical and also has light and sound systems, which are very popular among the kids despite the fact that the cost of these are from Rs 100 to 150.Talking of the price rise and popularity, the wholesaler said, \"Earlier a Rakhi of Rs 5 and 10 was also considered affordable, but things have changed substantially over the last three to five years. Now Rakhi's cross Rs 100 and even go up to Rs 900, are more in demand.Surprisingly, the more the cost, the more is the demand like the one made of American diamond with gold polish costs Rs 900.\"In the given condition of high prices of every commodity, people are still prepared to cough out substantial amount of money for showing their love as Rakhis are being sold from Rs 60 to Rs 700, depending on the material one wants. Rakhi with gold polish, which serves as perfect bracelet as it guarantees six months of shine, comes at a cost of Rs 150 to Rs 400 and the one with artificial diamonds and having Rudraksh and pearls are available at a higher price.\"First I was a bit hesitant to bring the costly Rakhi, but witnessing the mood of buyers, I have concentrated more on higher range and the same has given me huge profit as these long lasting rakhis are instant hit. Now youngsters seek to tie bracelet round the year and this comes as fashion along with sister's love,\" said Rajkumar a shopkeeper at Civil Lines.\"Earlier we used to make Rakhi for ourselves but I feel Rakhis have undergone major transformation and as such we have so many choices from bracelets Rakhi, silver Rakhi, musical Rakhi, currency Rakhi, Om Rakhi, gold Rakhi, diamond Rakhi etc incorporate the popular trends and are available in the markets,\" said Pratima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218589", "title": "Things need to be streamlined, feel doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Going by medical report issued by the PGI following the death of Anupama, who was found unfit for surgery, there is no scope for committee's report to hold the doctors culpable. However, within the faculty there are contrary sentiments simmering virtually which have accepted that things need to be streamlined instead of every time blaming large patient inflow.The faculty have started circulating mails to each other and accepting that they need to devise a methodology. As one of the mail reads, \"It is time to be positive and not defensive. We definitely need a system which clearly defines everyone's sphere of responsibility, leaving no scope for confusion / passing the buck.\"Also, the advanced trauma centre is meant for both the head injury and orthopaedic (bone) patients. However, head injury needs more time and is a priority, implying, that those coming with bone injury will have to wait as in Anupama's case. \"She had to wait as there were head injury cases inside the OT. Going by the rule book, preference is given to head injury than a fracture or leg crushed case. In fact there should be segregation of these cases,\" said a faculty.One of the mails defended the media reports and discreetly admitted the faulty system. \"We say media sensationalizes and exaggerates: which means there is a tacit admission there was something that the media could 'sensationalize' and 'exaggerate'\". There is also a need to reallocate doctors in the PGI as some of them are not always busy in patient care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221085", "title": "Two workers murdered as pig farmers slug it out over contract", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons were murdered on the premises of a food processing company on Friday morning, reportedly over a rivalry between two contractors who work for the company.Witnesses told police there were seven assailants. They entered the company, A-Diet Express at Thodukadu near Sriperumbudur, at 6.45am and attacked and killed a 24-year-old truck driver. After dumping his body in a sewage tank, the assailants hacked to death a loadman in the cabin of the company's manager. A 40-year-old canteen supervisor was injured when he tried to stop the assailants.Police said preliminary investigation indicated that the assailants' main target was a contractor, Sathyaraj. He escaped the attack which took place while he was in the bathroom. \"The killers could not find Sathyaraj, so they attacked his employees, M Vijay, 24, a truck driver, and R Prakash, 23, a loadman,\" a police officer said.The canteen supervisor, Gopu, has been admitted to a hospital in Tiruvallur.Police said Sathyaraj owns a pig farm at Pozhivakkam near Sriperumbudur. He won the contract to collect waste from A-Diet Express, which supplies food to various companies in the locality.\"The company had earlier awarded the contract to Suresh, also a pig farmer, in Sriperumbudur,\" the officer said. \"The company was not satisfied with the job he was doing so it cancelled his contract and gave it to Sathyaraj.\"Investigators suspect that Suresh and his associates were responsible for the double murder.Tiruvallur superintendent of police Rupesh Kumar Meena and other senior officials inspected the crime scene. The bodies were sent to Tiruvallur Government Hospital for autopsy.Vijay was a bachelor and lived with his mother Lakshmi. He was a close relative of Sathyaraj. Prakash was married and lived in Chinna Kancheepuram. Mappedu police have registered a case and are searching for the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15228033", "title": "Haranath to direct a megaserial", "text": "Director Haranath Chakraborty is directing a megaserial for the first time. Titled \"Roshni\", the story is by Rupak Saha and it stars actors from Bangladesh and Kolkata.\"People have been flooding me with offers to direct a serial. But I refuse to make saas-bahu serials where the leading ladies constantly fight or cry. I liked Rupakda's story and wanted to make a film based on it, but that didn't materialize. The serial revolves around a girl in Bangladesh who falls in love with a guy from Kolkata who goes to the neighbouring country to perform during Durga Puja,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15222800", "title": "30 minutes of rain submerges Gurgaonroads", "text": "GURGAON: Around half an hour of rain on Friday afternoon was enough to wash out the claims of civic agencies that they were monsoon-ready. The rain, which started around 1.30pm, left many streets across the city waterlogged.With flooded service lanes and filthy water also coming on to the main carriageway at some points, Hero Honda Chowk, as usual, was the worst hit. This resulted in slow-moving traffic for most part of the day.Besides, sewage water was also found overflowing in places like Sheetla Mata Mandir Road, Golf Course Road, Rajiv Chowk, Udyog Vihar Phase III, Sector 40 and Miyanwali Colony.Sheetla Mata Mandir Road was totally inundated with sewage and the foul smell made matters worse. Cyclists and pedestrians had a tough time crossing this road. As the road is right in front of Lt Atul Kataria School, it has made it difficult for students to cross the road. \"No one wants to stop by my shop because of this mess. The monsoon gives me the worst days in terms of business.\" said a shop owner on Sheetla Mata Road.In new Gurgaon, the extremely busy MG Road and Golf Course Road were badly hit. While traffic was reported to be moving at a snail's pace on MG Road, sewage water came on to the Golf Course Road as roadside drains directly opened into the gutters. All this happened within a period of 20 minutes, when it rained.\"Rainwater drainage hasn't been given much importance for a long time. When there is no place for the water to seep into, it gets logged and eventually flows into the low-lying areas of the city. Authorities had ordered construction of drains on the roadsides, for water to easily flow into the gutters, but this plan hasn't really worked out. Rainwater that flows into the gutters in turn results in flooding the sewers. As a result of this, sewage water is flowing out into the roads at several places,\" said a resident.When contacted, Y K Garg, superintending engineer, MCG, downplayed the incident and said that it would take some time for rainwater to seep through stormwater drainage. \"The drainage system is functional in 80% of corporation areas,\" he said.Sectors 4, 7, and 9 have been perennially prone to waterlogging as these areas lie at a lower level than the neighbouring sectors. As a result, all the water from Sector 5, Bheemngar, Sector 10, and Sadar Bazar flows into the sector and fills the streets.\"I can't go to the market on %my Scooty as, at some places, the water is 2 feet deep,\" said Punam Sharma, resident of Sector 4. The parking area in Sector 4 HUDA market is always flooded during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15219364", "title": "Maruti union member held in Rajasthan", "text": "GURGAON: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) has arrested a member of the executive committee of Maruti workers' Manesar union in connection with July 18 violence case. Dhanraj Bhambi was arrested from Chittorgarh in Rajasthan on Thursday afternoon.Bhambi was produced before a judicial magistrate after an FIR was lodged against him. He was taken on five days' police remand.Meanwhile, the city court extended the police remand of union organizing secretary Yogesh Kumar by two more days. A senior police officer said that they needed to collect more information about the other accused and union officials involved in the violence from Kumar.Police have raided several places to arrest workers accused in the Maruti violence case. \"Our teams are on job and we will arrest the other accused as soon as possible,\" said a senior police officer. Police have so far arrested more than 100 workers. Two of them were acquitted by a city court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15231166", "title": "Former Hizb-ul-Mujahideen militant gets 9-year jail term", "text": "JAMMU: A local court on Saturday sentenced a former Hizb-ul-Mujahideen 'commander' and Pakistani national to nine years of imprisonment.Principal Sessions Judge Jang Bhadur Singh Jamwal awarded the term to Noor Ahmed Baloch and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on him.Baloch, a resident of Chak Zahir Peer in Khanpur (Pakistan), was arrested in Doda district on October 26, 2004, where he was operating as a Hizb area commander.On the day, police recovered a Chinese-made pistol among other things from his possession.The court convicted Baloch under Arms Act and Foreign Act and sentenced him to jail terms of seven years and two years respectively. He was also slapped a total fine of Rs 10,000.Both the jail terms will run concurrently. Codenamed as Rashid, Baloch had obtained militant training in PoK and was operating in Doda hills in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217685", "title": "Driver and gang headed for Kolar with Rs 44 lakhs", "text": "BANGALORE: The driver of a security firm drove away with Rs 44 lakh in cash belonging to the State Bank of India , on Friday evening.Before vanishing, he asked Santosh Kumar, an employee of CMS, the security firm, to get off the vehicle. As the white Tata Sumo vanished down the road, Santosh dialled the police control room. It was around 4pm. The vehicle belongs to N Cash Tours and Travels.Santosh said the driver had stopped the vehicle, saying four of his friends would be boarding. \"After the four men boarded, he drove some distance and stopped, then asked Santosh to get down. They did not attack anyone,\" police said.The men drove towards Kolar with the gunman and the SBI employees. Enroute, they snatched the securityman's gun. At 6.30pm, as they neared Kolar, they dumped the gunman and the SBI men.\"There is no GPS fitted in the vehicle. The transportation of cash was done in a careless manner,\" a police officer said.A special team has been formed to nab the driver and his four associates, a senior police officer told TOI.Just the other dayOn May 13, an armed gang looted Rs1.87 crore in cash after intercepting a multi-utility vehicle (MUV) belonging to CMS Securitas Ltd., which provides ATM replenishment and cash deposit services to banks. Twelve armed men smashed the vehicle's glass panes, attacked two CMS staff and a security guard with choppers, before fleeing with the cash boxes. The gang came in a car and an MUV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15220064", "title": "Fish vendors continue strike in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Fish vendors affected by the anti-encroachment drive by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) continued to carry out their agitation and held a morcha around the MMC building on Friday and started selling fish in front of the building in protest.The agitating members led by activist Camilo Barretto said that they would continue their protests and that henceforth, they would protest every Thursday by sitting outside the municipality building.MMC sources said that the fish vendors would have to relocate to the SGPDA retail fish market and refuted claims made by the fish vendors that they still had permission to ply their trade at the old fish market area from where they have been evicted. Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that the police personnel would continue to be stationed outside the MMC building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "15217886", "title": "Dr Naved feasts with friends, family", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Ahead of the \"magrib\" (evening prayers), the kitchen at Dr Naved Aslam's Kitchlu Nagar residence is abuzz with activity. A cardiologist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), Naved helps his gynaecologist wife Dr Farah Aslam in arranging the menu for Iftaar, when Muslims break their day-long fast during the days of Ramzan. A plate of dates, orange juice and fruit chat are the appetizers apart from vegetable curry and chapatis.Farah says, \"The Iftaar for us is always a busy affair as we usually host guests while breaking the fast. And today, Dr Javed Hussain Var and Dr Saima Muzaffar, who hail from Kashmir and have been working here, Dr Syed Shabih Hussain, an associate professor at College of Fisheries in GADVASU and Muhammad Arshad, a chartered accountant, joined us for Iftaar.\"Farha says the menu may change every day but dates and fruits remain a regular feature during Iftaar. Her 11-year-old son Khizar and five-year-old daughter Zaina too participate in the special evening meal.\"I some times cook meat and biryani too for Iftaar. After breaking the fast every day, we head for our evening prayers\" says Farah, adding, \"The fact that guests come for Iftaar and dinner at our home gives me immense satisfaction as Allah showers blessings on those who feed Muslims during Ramzan.\"Naved, who loves to serve the guests himself, says, \"I invite guests at home almost every day of Ramzan so that we are blessed by Allah for feeding those who fast. The guests usually praise the food and pray for us too.\"\"My kids too, make it a point to follow the tradition and eat with us during Iftaar, which makes us feel good,\" adds Naved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220476", "title": "Crime branch roped in to check theft spree in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police commissioner on Friday asked the city crime branch to investigate theft of diamond, gold and silver articles worth Rs 73.90 lakh from a showroom on CG Road on Thursday.So far, the investigation has been carried out by Navrangpura police. Investigators, however, said that the crime branch will work in association with Navrangpura police officials in the case.For the city police officials, the main concern is to nab the gang of thieves who in a single day carried out three thefts on CG Road and made two theft attempts in Satellite.On Thursday, Ketan Shah, 45, a resident of Paldi, Bhattha, and owner of Shrungar Jewellers at Ratnam Complex on CG Road, reported theft in the morning when he found his shop broken into. It was found that burglars had stolen goods including Rs 1.91 lakh cash and expensive gift articles worth Rs 3 lakh from the premises. In their investigation, police found that there were two men who had come early in the morning on the pretext of repairing shutter of the shop and were spotted by watchman and sweeper of the building.B R Patel, assistant commissioner of police, B Division, said that the city crime branch will take over the probe. \"Navrangpura police will also continue with the leads they have got,\" he said.\"While we haven't got CCTV footage from the spot, we have the eye-witnesses' images procured from another burglary spot. The footage confirms that it were the same men who were involved in the jewellery shop. Interestingly, the thieves used a white car as a getaway vehicle. We are now in the process of identifying the persons from the database with the images available,\" said a crime branch official.Investigators said that modus operandi is also under scanner. The thieves used heavy cutters to first cut the locks. \"Technicians expert with such tools might be part of the gang,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "15228841", "title": "Sleep less in first few hours to avoid post traumatic stress", "text": "JERUSALEM: Next time you decide to \"sleep on\" a problem, you might have to think twice!According to a study, sleep deprivation in the first few hours after exposure to a stressful threat actually reduces the risk of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).Researchers from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (BGU) and Tel Aviv University found that sleep deprivation of approximately six hours immediately after exposure to a traumatic event reduces the development of post trauma-like behavioural responses.The new study was published in the international scientific journal, Neuropsychopharmacology.The research was conducted by Professor Hagit Cohen, director of the Anxiety and Stress Research Unit at BGU's Faculty of Health Sciences, in collaboration with Professor Joseph Zohar of Tel Aviv University.\"Often those close to someone exposed to a traumatic event, including medical teams, seek to relieve the distress and assume that it would be best if they could rest and \"sleep on it,\" Cohen said.\"Since memory is a significant component in the development of post-traumatic symptoms, we decided to examine the various effects of sleep deprivation immediately after exposure to trauma,\" he said.In the experiments, rats that underwent sleep deprivation after exposure to trauma (predator scent stress exposure), later did not exhibit behaviour indicating memory of the event, while a control group of rats that was allowed to sleep after the stress exposure did remember, as shown by their post trauma-like behaviour.\"As is the case for human populations exposed to severe stress, 15 to 20 per cent of the animals develop long-term disruptions in their behaviour,\" Cohen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218687", "title": "Central Railway Nagpur Division sets national benchmark", "text": "NAGPUR: In 1999, Old Delhi's stations route relay interlocking (RRI), an advanced signalling system having 1,124 routes entered the record books for being commissioned in 48 hours. After 13 years, Nagpur Central Railway has scripted history by commissioning a RRI system with 533 routes in just two-and-a-half-hours without any hiccups.RRI is the system used at large and busy stations having large number of train movements. In this, an entire route through the station can be selected and all associated points and signals along the route can be set at once by pressing two buttons for receiving or dispatching trains.\"Conventionally, commissioning of major yards of size comparable to Nagpur takes at least 96 hours with large-scale traffic disruption. Had we followed the old system, at least 600 trains would have been disturbed, but we accomplished the task in which 10% trains were affected,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit.Reviewing the RRI success after commissioning it a month ago, Dixit told TOI the results were evident. Entry and exit of trains at Nagpur has become safer, smoother and reliable. Now more signalled shunting is possible.\"Now we can manage all the four up and down lines simultaneously for movement of goods train in the yard. Earlier, only two lines could be operated. Secondly, restriction on trains moving to Itwari side have also been removed with the withdrawal of two diamond crossings at Howrah end,\" Dixit said.The commissioning of RRI was done after a lot of brainstorming and meticulous planning. In 2008, Pune RRI with 425 routes was commissioned in 120 hours. In Nagpur, 533 routes were commissioned in 18 hours (yard remodelling in 15.5 hours and actual RRI commissioning in 2.5 hours). Now Dixit is flooded with calls from his counterparts all over India asking how he made it possible.\"It is all team work,\" said Dixit modestly. \"We adopted a functional approach. It was like keeping a patient conscious while performing an open heart surgery. The life of new system will be 25 years,\" he said.\"First, all points, then track circuits and signals were shifted on new cable and patched with old panel during the preparatory stage. This entire exercise was done without causing a single detention,\" said Dixit.Normally, getting Railway Board recognition is tough in railways, but board chairman Vinay Mittal announced an award of Rs 1 lakh for the feat. Besides, Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain announced an award of Rs 5 lakh to all departments involved.Sudeep Shrivastava, deputy chief signalling and telecommunication engineer (construction), and others involved in project admit that situation in Nagpur was complicated compared to Delhi, Mumbai and Howrah where most of the trains terminate.\"Nagpur yard has most of the trains passing through it and hence any long duration working would have crippled operations in both north-south and east-west directions. We completed the work with bare minimum disruption,\" said Shrivastava.Safer, smoother, reliable* Operational flexibility enhanced as signalled movements increase from 369 to 533 in new RRI* At Ajni end there will be more operational options* Run through facility from Nagpur goods yard to Ajni yard* Speed restrictions removed near diamond crossing* Additional route for despatch of trains from platform no. 4, 5 and 6* Entry and exit of trains has become more safer and smoother", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15229538", "title": "Cyber cafes in Noida issued alert to take security measures", "text": "NOIDA: Police in Noida has issued an alert to all cyber cafes and buildings equipped with Wi-Fi to follow the rules drafted by the Union ministry of information and technology. Cyber cafes and offices using Wi-Fi will have to file compliance report with the police by the end of next week. If anybody is found violating the norms, a criminal case will be registered against them.Police said there is a constant threat of terrorists if cyber cafes and Wi-Fi hotspots do not take safety precautions. Police in Noida has also written a letter to the Uttar Pradesh government asking to appoint a registration agency for cyber cafes. So far, such an agency does not exist even despite directions of the ministry of information and technology.\"Let alone terrorism, criminals are also using the internet on a large scale for committing cyber crimes. In all such cases, police cannot speed up the investigation as it fails to get details of internet users,\" said cyber crime DSP Triveni Singh.As per the rules, all states and union territories are supposed to develop a Licencing Agency to issue licenses to cyber cafes for operation. A register has to be maintained by cyber cafes identifying those who use their computers. \"When a user does not give his/her identify to the satisfaction of the cyber cafe, he/she may be photographed using a web camera installed on one of the computers for establishing their identity. Such web camera photographs shall be part of the log register which may be maintained in physical or electronic form,\" the rules read.\"The rules also state that the computer clocks should be synchronised with the Indian Standard Time. Also, all computers should be equipped with the filtering software so as to the avoid access to websites relating to pornography, obscenity, terrorism and other objectionable materials,\" Triveni said, adding that an inspector is authorised to inspect cyber cafes and the computers at any time if they suspect a threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15221660", "title": "Don\u2019t ignore flu, warn doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: While H1N1 is on everybody's mind, experts say any type of flu\u2014be it influenza A, influenza B or H1N1\u2014can be deadly.More than half the samples received by the Haffkine Institute, Parel, tested positive. Between June and mid-July , it received 82 samples, of which 48 tested positive for influenza virus.\"Of these, 28 were the pandemic H1N1, eight were seasonal influenza A and 12 were influenza B,\" said Dr Abhay Chowdhary, director of the Haffkine Institute.\"These numbers cannot be taken as representative of the actual scenario as samples of only strongly suspected cases are sent to our institute. In the monsoon and winter, cases are bound to increase,\" he added. He added that symptom and clinical treatment are the same for all types of influenza. \"The symptoms are mostly the same. However, it is only the category 2 and 3 (severe influenza) that can actually prove fatal,\" saidDr Chowdhary, adding that influenza A has a 4% mortality rate, while influenza B would have 1% mortality rate.Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital said influenza may be sometimes worse than H1N1.\"The mild cases of influenza A apart from H1N1 need not be treated. But often, the patient comes with severe symptoms like blood in cough, severe body or chest pain or a drop in blood pressure. At such a time, the patient has to be treated with Tamiflu irrespective of the result of the test.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15218774", "title": "Instructor booked for trainee constable's suicide", "text": "YAVATMAL: Finally, Wadgaon Road Police have registered criminal offence against the training instructor at Yavatmal Police Headquarter for abetting suicide of one of the trainee police constables five years ago.When contacted, Police Inspector of Wadgaon Road Police Station, Sarjerao Gaikwad, said FIR has been filed against the trainer Laxman Warti who is posted at Yavatmal Police Headquarter. Warti has not been arrested so far, said Sarjerao, adding, but he is likely to be suspended in a day or two.On October 27, 2007, one of the trainee cops, Dinesh Digambar Gaikwad (20), a resident of village Dudhgaon of Darwha Tehsil, attempted suicide by consuming poison in the training barrack of Yavatmal Police Headquarters. He was admitted to government medical college where he breathed his last on November 2, 2007. The then Wadgaon Road Police Station officer, SR Gopanarayan, had registered an offence against the deceased.Cops had later handed over his bag and baggage to his parents with a word of regret and grief. However, the cause behind Dinesh taking this extreme step remained a mystery.Dinesh's father, Digambar Gaikwad, later happened to find a suicide note in one of the bags. The letter revealed that Dinesh had committed suicide due to torture by his trainer Laxman Warti in the camp. Digambar Gaikwad handed over the suicide note to PI Gopanarayan and lodged a complaint against Warti.PI Gopanarayan, instead of filing an FIR on Gaikwad's complaint, sent the letter to a Nagpur based handwriting expert of the crime branch to verify the authenticity of the letter on November 17, 2007.Despite several follow ups by Digambar Gaikwad, the report did not reach Yavatmal for a considerable period of time. Finally, on January 3, 2012, and after five long years, the report came to Wadgaon Road police Station from Nagpur, which confirmed that the handwriting in the suicide note was of the deceased Dinesh Gaikwad.But the Wadgaon Road police, for reasons best known to them, chose to sit on the report for seven months. However, Digambar kept knocking the doors of the police station and finally, the Wadgaon Road police booked Laxman Warti on Thursday evening under section 306 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dharbandora", "code": "15220066", "title": "15 months on, residents yet to benefit from new taluka", "text": "DHARBANDORA: In a perfect display of the cart being placed before the horse, Dharbandora taluka was created on April 4, 2011, but infrastructure for its administrative machinery wasn't.Fifteen months later, the abysmal lack of infrastructure has hampered the outreach of government machinery and has led to its split into three wings.A part of it functions from the sports complex in the quiet Dharbandora village, while its administrative head works in forced separation from an office in Margao, and another wing is in Quepem.Officials were merely asked to operate from their present postings while holding additional charge of Dharbandora, sources say.Ironically, Goa's twelfth and newest taluka-carved out of large areas of Sanguem (Goa's biggest) taluka and small parcels of Ponda taluka -was created to ease residents woes vis-a-vis access to government machinery.\"The same arrangement as before continues,\" says a local, wishing not to be named. \"Residents of Dharbandora, the farthest village in the taluka, still have to travel 35km to Quepem for a caste certificate, learner's licence or other official work.\" Deputy collector Agnelo Fernandes functions from Quepem.For a tap connection, villagers queue up at the PWD office in Bansai, Curchorem, only 5km short of Quepem.Only a fraction of the official machinery, including the BDO and mamlatdar, functions from the sports complex at Dharbandora.Explaining the inconvenience via the example of the police department, mamlatdar Satish Prabhu says locals from Dharbandora, Collem, Mollem and Sancorda, wishing to meet an SDPO or DySP have to travel to Ponda, while those from Dhabhal have to travel to Sanguem.\"The former villages come under Collem police station which is part of Ponda police sub-division, while Dhabal is under Sanvordem police station of Sanguem police sub-division,\" further explains a senior police officer.Ponda police have suggested a site opposite the Sanjeevani sugar factory at Dayanandnagar for the new Dharbandora police station, sources say.The status of the taluka's suspended animation appears to have blinded bureaucracy. A recent announcement by the planning and statistics department of opening of permanent registration centres for Aadhaar cards in \"all 11 talukas\" is a reflection of Dharbandora's bureaucratic neglect.\"The department left out Dharbandora taluka. After the lacuna was pointed out, the error was rectified. A proposal for a permanent Aadhaar centre in Dharbandora is on the anvil,\" a source says.The lack of infrastructure is hampering the process of transfer of bureaucracy and administrative machinery. Sub-divisional officer and deputy collector Sagun Velip was recently appointed to oversee the administrative functioning of Dharbandora taluka.\"But he is yet to take up the posting due to lack of office space,\" says a source. Velip is currently functioning as land acquisition officer at the district collectorate in Margao.Confirming Velip's posting, South Goa collector N D Agrawal told TOI, \"A proposal has been submitted to the government to provide office space, support staff, vehicle and other requirements to the sub-divisional officer.\"Ideally, taluka headquarters have to also accommodate a police (beat post), sub-registrar's office, zonal agricultural office, water supply section and the sections of other departments.\"A few sections are being proposed and are likely to function shortly,\" an official source says.Another source adds that land to set up an office complex to house the taluka headquarters has been identified.\"The PWD has approved in-principle plans, and it (headquarters) will be a unique model with a single gate for all officers and staff to enter,\" signs off the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "electronic meters may not be tamper-proof, but they are definitely tamper-evident. the reason is simple", "code": "15221475", "title": "Electronic meters can be rigged, but not if you\u2019ve got the smarts", "text": "Electronic meters may not be tamper-proof, but they are definitely tamper-evident. The reason is simple: an e-meter shows the distance traversed. If one follows simple steps like checking if the distance reading starts from zero and if one is aware of the rough distance between home and the railway station, or for that matter between any two points, one can easily beat the cheats among drivers.Shirish Deshpande from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"E-meters are more commuter-friendly and give you a transparent picture of the distance travelled, waiting time and the actual fare. We have been telling the court and auto unions that these meters are tamper-evident, which is why all the mechanical meters in the one lakh autos in Mumbai should be replaced.\"Deshpande said, \"The fare calculation is easy to do. For every first flag (1.6 km), the fare is Rs 12. For every additional km, it is Rs 7. So, if you travel a distance of say 3.6 km, the fare will be Rs 12 (1.6 km) plus Rs 7 (1 km) plus Rs 7 (1 km), which is Rs 26. You see, you don't need a tariff card to roughly calculate the fare.\"Also, commuters should ensure that meters are initialized at the beginning of journey. \"You need to observe an e-meter closely and check the three readings flashed on it. First, the fare displayed should be Rs 12. The distance displayed should be zero (0.0), as should be the time factor. As you proceed towards your destination, you will see increments in the distance counter.\"If the increments are very fast, then there is something wrong with the meter. The time counter's increment will be when the auto waits at signals or is caught in jams. Also, when you finally reach the destination , you would roughly know the distance covered and crosscheck this with the distance shown on the meter.. \"But how does one take action against an errant driver? Deshpande said, \"You can take a picture of the rigged meter. You can tell the driver that you will forward the picture to the RTO and lodge a complaint. Keeping in view the punishment (cancellation of permit), the driver would be scared and charge you the real fare.\"Times ViewThere can't be incentives for cheatingThe government cannot hike autorickshaw and taxi fares as long as refusals and rigging meters continue. There can't be incentives for those breaking the law and cheating commuters. The government should, instead, ask agencies on the ground (like traffic police and RTOs) to renew the drive against the cheats on threewheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15220907", "title": "Stray pig bites 4-year-old boy's genitals", "text": "DHARWAD: While the HDMC continues waver on its decision to cull stray pigs in the twin cities, yet another hapless child in Dharwad has become a victim of pig bite. Four-year-old Jagan Anigol suffered injuries on Friday morning when a pig attacked him and bit his genitals when he was responding to nature's call.The boy was initially taken to the district civil hospital where doctors after providing first aid sent him to KIMS hospital in Hubli.Jagan was attending nature's call in front of his house in Medar galli of Haveripet in ward no. 6 of Dharwad when he was attacked by the pig. It is common to see children urinating by the roadside in the absence of adequate toilet facilities in the old Dharwad area. The incident occurred around 7.30pm. When the boy raised an alarm his parents -- who work as masons -- took him to the hospital.Kapil Shirahatti, Jagan's relative alleged that the doctors at KIMS attended to the boy two hours after reaching the hospital. They haveoperated on him and the boy is said to be out of danger. The menace of pigs and stray dogs has been haunting the citizens of Hubli and Dharwad for several years now. Last week a six-year-old boy in Hubli was injured in a pig attack.The decision of HDMC to eliminate pigs by shooting them down has remained on paper. The pig owners have been told to move pigs off the city limits, but there is no effective enforcement of this directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "sector 39/model town extension", "code": "15217692", "title": "Folk celebrations awash kidsdom", "text": "SECTOR 39/MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Students and staff of VIP Pre School, Sector 39, came dressed in traditional Punjabi attires to celebrate the monsoon festival of Teej with gusto on Friday.With classrooms and playground decorated with flowers, the school was submerged in festive hues. Punjabi songs reverberated on the campus as the tiny tots jived on peppy numbers. And then, little girls applied henna on their hands.A traditional Punjabi cultural corner was also set up where kids displayed 'charkha', 'pakhian', 'phulkari', bangles and colorful 'parandian', among others.\"Children were told about the festival and their culture. Their parents, too, were invited and served festive delicacies like 'kheer' and 'malpuras',\" said principal Harleen Kaur.\"We made sure kids had fun. They danced, laughed and had a gala time with their parents and friends,\" said Chaavvi Spall, a teacher and resident of Bank Colony.\"We love this festival. We had a great time and enjoyed a delicious 'kheer'\", said the school students -- Ashpreet, Sehajpreet, Shambhavi, Umisha, Aarush, Neevan, Angelpreet, Tulip, Yashvi, Kriti, Jasjot and Mansi -- in chorus.In Model Town Extension, too, students of Guru Nanak Public School celebrated Teej soaked in traditional hues. Many cultural activities, like 'giddha' and 'bhangra', set the tempo. Later, children set the stage afire in a modeling round.A Teej 'mela' was also organized which gave kids a peek into the rich Punjabi culture. Stalls of henna, games, bangles and eatables added flavour to the celebration. As the event came to a close, everyone enjoyed special dishes like 'kheer' and 'malpuras', among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218994", "title": "Drunk on duty: School bus driver fined Rs 2,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a 51-year-old school bus driver was found driving completely drunk while ferrying children of a private school in Anand Vihar on Thursday, a traffic court has let him off with a fine of Rs 2,000 and six months' suspension of his drivers' licence.The driver had been found driving extremely dangerously, not wearing a seat belt or uniform.At the time he was caught, 15 children were still inside the bus, whose lives were at risk thanks to the man who was found with a high alcohol reading of 149.5 mg per 100 ml.The court, while observing that the offence had a serious implication, imposed a fine of Rs 2000 fine on Lekhraj for all his offences \u2014 drunk and dangerous driving as well as disobeying of lawful directions of a public servant, he was also found driving without a uniform or a seatbelt.\"Since the offence involved is of serious implication, particularly when school children are sitting in the vehicle, convict is sentenced to pay [...] total fine of Rs 2,000,\" sentenced metropolitan magistrate Sujit Saurabh.As per the law, drunk driving may be punishable with a fine up to Rs 2,000 or jail up to six months, or both. Dangerous driving is punishable with a fine till Rs 1,000, and disobeying a traffic cop can invite a Rs 500 fine.On Friday, the drive against errant school vehicle drivers continued with 548 such prosecutions that took place against school vehicles, with 179 of them being buses and 369 others being school vans. While 86 school vehicle drivers were found to be driving dangerously, 40 committed Supreme court violations and 47 were found violating permit rules. Ten drivers were found to not even possess drivers' licenses and four were found jumping a red light.Exhibiting how these vehicles are regularly overloaded with students, which is highly dangerous, 240 were prosecuted for the violation where eight were private vans, 229 were authorized school vans and three were school buses. Cops impounded 81 school vehicles during the day. Of these, 39 were buses and 42 were school vans.Most of the violations were recorded in south Delhi, where 200 challans were issued. Meanwhile, 112 prosecutions were recorded in north Delhi, 102 in west and 90 in central Delhi. Around 46 prosecutions were recorded in east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218675", "title": "Cops nab another Maoist leader", "text": "KOLKATA: In a second significant catch in less than 24 hours, city police early on Friday arrested Maoist leader Arjun Ganju from Jharkhand. He was allegedly involved in procuring arms from the city and smuggling them to different armed squads in Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhattisgarh. On Thursday, police had arrested Mohan Viswakarma (60), a member of Maoist Central Technical Committee, from a Watgunge hideout.\"Arjun Ganju, a close associate of Mohan Viswakarma, used to keep contact with top Maoist leaders of Jharkhand. He used to collect components of improvised lethal weapons from Kolkata and send them to Saranda, Jharkhand,\" said joint commissioner (STF) Rajiv Mishra.Ganju's arrest, investigators claimed, will provide vital details of his arms-smuggling network. Police retrieved a huge cache of grenade components from his possession on Friday.Ganju, who hails from Inamganj area of Gaya district in Bihar , used to procure arms at the behest of Viswakarma, who was a member of Central Technical Committee and Technical Research and Arms Manufacturing unit of CPI (Maoist), a banned organization. It is learnt that Viswakarma and his associates were involved in acquisition, manufacture and supply of improvised hand grenades and rocket launchers that were supplied to Maoist groups in Bihar, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.According to cops, the arrest of Ganju and Viswakarma is connected with the arrest of Sadanala Ramakrishna in February. Ramakrishna was the head of the Central Technical Committee of the outfit.Ramakrishna's arrest helped police to pick up the trail that led to the recent arrests. The technical committee helps in arranging and developing weapons and explosives for the armed squads of the banned outfit. Ramakrishna had allegedly revealed how Kolkata was a centre for manufacturing arms and spares that were supplied deep into the rebel territory in central India.A team led by Ramakrishna used to buy hardware such as motors, pipes, bars and plates from shops in Canning Street and Netaji Subhas Road (near Brabourne Road) and turn them into parts of lethal weapons, security agency sources said. The rebel leader has also informed his interrogators how his team sent millions of rupees in cash from Howrah to Mumbai for their colleagues there to buy parts for the Bengal arms-making units.Ramakrishna bought a flat at Birati for Rs 10.5 lakh by providing a fake PAN card, the sources said. He has apparently spilled the beans on 11 hardware suppliers from whom the Maoists procured their material and nine transporters through whom they supplied the goods. Ramakrishna was arrested on February 29 in central Calcutta by a joint Bengal and Andhra Pradesh police team along with four others: Dipak Kumar of Chhattisgarh , and Sukumar Mondal, Shambhu Pal and Bapi Mudi, residents of districts around Calcutta.The central technical committee coded its production units in different states -- the one in Bengal being S6. Some other units are located in Andhra, Bihar, Karnataka and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215198", "title": "Price rise will not be a cause for Metro delay: Urban development minister", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban Development and Housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal on Friday assured that the current price rise in building materials and inflation will not be allowed to become a cause for delay in the Metro project.During a visit to the metro sites on Friday, the minister informed that a meeting was held between contractors, UDH department officials, Delhi Metro (DMRC) and Jaipur Metro (JMRC) officials to come out with ways and means so that the construction can be completed on time.While talking to the media Dhariwal said, \"The state government will solve the situation amiably and work will be completed within the given deadline - June 2013. We are having meeting with the contractors on a regular basis and the state government will help them to overcome the situation.\"The minister asserted that the DMRC and the contractors will be hold responsible if there is a delay after so much efforts. Supporting the minister's statement, DMRC managing director Mangu Singh said, \"The work will be completed within the deadline. We had a meeting with the minister on Thursday and assurance has been given to the people after our commitment.\"With the rise in prices of steel and cement recently, the input cost of construction for the project has increased. This has affected the project badly as contractors believe the project as a loss-making effort and so they have started showing less interest.Jaipur Metro, if completed on time, could make a world record for the fastest construction of a Metro rail project. So far, the project has witnessed many stumbling blocks. Work at several sites on the 9.25 km-long stretch from Mansarovar to Chandpole came to a halt after the Rajasthan high court banned mining from Banas river in May.Similarly, work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations was delayed as the land owner of Dhamani Garden, where rehabilitation for residents of 12 houses of Ved Vatika colony was proposed, moved court.According to a DMRC official, the corporation was planning to complete the civil work before December 2012 when an inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct a number of oscillation trials. However, due to delay in the land transfer process earlier, the trial run of Jaipur Metro has to be delayed by two months.DMRC officials claimed that land acquisition led to a three-month delay. \"We are hopeful to complete the work before June 2013. But the time given for the project was very demanding and filled with interruptions which made it more challenging. We are taking all the measures to complete it in the stipulated time,\" DMRC project director Lalit Meghnani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220067", "title": "Make development plan public, activists tell Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Civic society groups have said the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) should comply with the RTIAct and make copies of the Development Plan (DP) public.\"We are unhappy that only select people have access to the draft DP proposal, while the public at large is kept in the dark. The PMC claimed it was in the best interest of the city not to publicize the plan and that it had only been shared with the City Improvement Committee (CIC).This claim proved bogus when an RTI activist recently leaked the draft Development Control (DC) Rules, clearly showing that the plan was, in fact, being circulated. This has raised serious questions about vested interests at work, while the public is denied the right to this same information,\" stated the press release issued by civic groups on Friday.The groups include Parisar, Shelter Associates, Surajya Sangharsh Samiti, Pune Cycle Pratishthan, PMP Pravasi Manch, National Societies for Clean Cities, etc.\"The draft DP proposal was given to the CIC in December 2011. It was always assumed that the draft DP was to be kept a secret and not to be shared with the public for sensitivity of reservations. However, with the advent of the 2005 RTI Act, it is now mandatory for a public authority to make all information, documents, minutes of meetings and decisions available to the public. By default, everything is public unless it is explicitly excluded under one of the clauses of section 8 of the RTI Act,\" said the groups.Members of the groups negated PMC's claims that the \"proposal\" to the CIC is only a pre-draft and since it contains sensitive information, it cannot be made public. \"The Hon'ble Delhi high court in a recent ruling, related to the Dr Madhav Gadgil Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report submitted to the Ministry of Environment and Forest, categorically stated that no document can be denied on the grounds of it being a draft and that widespread public consultations are essential and it can only help strengthen public policies and keep vested interests at bay,\" stated thegroups' press release.The press release said while the PMC will have to comply with the statutory 30-day period of public scrutiny as per Section 26 of the (amended) MR&TP; Act, it must also make public the proposal as required by the Right to Information Act, especially given the inordinate delays in the preparation of the plan and the possibility this raises of influence by vested interests, who clearly already have access to it.Releasing this document to the public will allow greater and meaningful participation of the public and ensure that any chance of \"behind the door\" deals will be nipped in the bud.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15220715", "title": "Beauty, music &amp; talent: Mangalore has produced all", "text": "MANGALORE: Three internationally known Indian women - Aishwarya Rai , Shilpa Shetty and Freida Pinto - hail from Mangalore. There's more to the region's beauty palette than these three glamour girls. Bollywood's super agent Reshma Shetty is believed to be the brains behind Salman Khan's recent success. Reshma, whose family hails from Mangalore, also manages the Chammak Challo star Kareena Kapoor.Around the time Aishwarya became the toast of the country, a dusky, leggy lass with a coastal connection emerged: Sheetal Mallar. Her family hails from Padubidri. Sheetal was a prominent feature on international ramps. Having worked for labels like Armani and Fendi, she became the face for Maybelline Cosmetics. Even the male model contingent in India has its fair share of names from this town: India's best-known fashion choreographer Rahul Dev Shetty and young model Roshan Isaac, to name just two.In music, singer Shweta Shetty, Bollywood and Tollywood composer Sandeep Chowta and Kannada music director Gurukiran Shetty - all from towns around Mangalore - have had their moments of glory.While genetics may have something to do with beauty, fashion guru Prasad Bidappa says a subtle socio-cultural evolution has seen families from the region allowing their children to break from traditional career choices. Others cite the fact that Mangaloreans are enterprising, have an appetite for risk-taking and have plenty of role models to choose from within their close-knit community.Beautiful places produce beautiful people, says Bidappa. \"I find the Mangalore-Coorg belt simply breathtaking; it is one of the most beautiful, scenic parts of Karnataka. It gives you both ends of the spectrum. In Aishwarya you have the light-eyed, classical beauty; on the other end is Freida, who is dusky and stunning. Somewhere in between is Shilpa. You have the mix right there.\"Rohit Shetty, the director and cinematographer whose works include 'Bol Bachchan', 'Golmaal' and 'Golmaal Returns', is the only Indian filmmaker to have three Rs 100-crore grossers to his credit.Says actor Suniel Shetty: \"I was born in Mulki and brought up in Mumbai. Bappanadu temple is where I offer prayers.\" Suniel is also an entrepreneur like Mangalore-born-and-raised Manmohan Shetty, who founded and developed Adlabs Films Ltd, one of India's largest media and entertainment firms.Bidappa argues that talent from smaller towns blossoms when it reaches big cities. \"There are a lot of girls in Mangalore who look like Aishwarya. One of the things that work for people whose parents have moved to bigger cities is that they have a broader outlook and are willing to let their children dabble with the arts. You are seeing the same scenario unfold for 20-year-old model Dayana Erappa, whose career picked up after she moved to Bangalore.\"\"What helps youngsters from Mangalore as they try to make a mark in the glamour industry is that they have many role models to look up to,\" says fashion designer Krishnamani Ballal, who retails under the label Krsna.\"Also, most Mangaloreans can trace their roots back to warrior races or clans. Being enterprising and adventurous is in our genes.\"Says Shilpa, who has strong ties with the city: \"My father's ancestral house is in Karkala, which is green and open. To me, Mangalore is synonymous with connecting with nature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15221123", "title": "Shops raided in Ujjain", "text": "UJJAIN: The food safety department on Friday raided eight shops in the city ahead of the festive season. The shops raided include Shri Ganga Restaurant, Bafna Namkeen, Shanti Palace Hotel ,Namkin Wala, Mithai Wala. Eight different teams of officers collected the samples from the shops. However, other shopkeepers protested against the move. They accused the authorities of resorting to unfair means ahead of Rakshabandhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15221982", "title": "Now, a drug to help you shed kilos", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new drug which they claim can make you lose weight and keep it off for a longer period.Researchers from National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism in the United States found that the new drug increases sensitivity to the hormone leptin, a natural appetite suppressant found in the body. The study was published in the journal Cell Metabolism.\"By sensitizing the body to naturally occurring leptin, the new drug could not only promote weight loss, but also help maintain it,\" senior study author George Kunos said.Although leptin is an appetite suppressant, leptin supplements alone have not been effective at reducing body weight in humans. It's thought that this is because of desensitization to the hormone. Leptin is still there, but our bodies no longer respond to it.While it is not entirely clear how this desensitization occurs, cannabinoid receptors , which mediate the feelings of hunger produced by marijuana and naturally occurring cannabinoids in the body, are thought to be involved . So blocking these receptors , rather than providing excess leptin, could be more effective for long-term weight loss.In the study, Kunos tested a new compound, JD5037, that targets cannabinoid receptor type 1 (CB1R) without penetrating the brain.JD5037 suppressed the appetite of obese mice, caused weight loss, and even improved metabolic health, in part by resensitising mice to the appetite-suppressing hormone leptin. Importantly, the mice did not show signs of anxiety or other behavioural side effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218225", "title": "Cops suspect drug addicts\u2019 involved", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The involvement of drug addicts is being probed in connection with the murder of 46-year-old trader Kailash Chand in Sector 22.Injured Madan Lal, younger brother of deceased, was arrested for selling illegal liquor in his departmental store on a dry day (October 2) two years back and police have also found some banned items (correction fluid) in the store on Thursday night.Police sources said the stock of correction fluid in the departmental store indicated traders used to sell it illegally and there are chances that addicts were frequently visiting the store during late night hours. Lal is admitted in PGI and his condition said to be stable.Kailash Chand of Sector 22 was shot dead and his brother Lal, and servant Tilak Raj were injured when two assailants entered the departmental store and robbed the gold chain of Kailash on July 26. Lal was convicted and slapped a fine of Rs 1,500 for selling liquor on a dry day in March, 2011.A senior police official said, \"The robbery of merely one gold chain cannot be the exact reason behind the murder. Either the traders were attacked due to an old rivalry or it was a sudden provocation between some youths and trader Kailash Chand.\"Notably, thousands of recharge coupons had also been stolen from the departmental store of deceased Kailash in February 2010 and later most of the coupons were recovered from three thieves in September 2010. The three thieves were arrested by crime branch sleuths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15222166", "title": "China downplays flood loss, censors damage coverage", "text": "BEIJING: The world famous Peking Man Site was among 160 historical sites damaged in last week's Beijing floods that killed 77 people. But the government censors have kept the details of the damage under wraps.Chinese archeologists fear that a possible landslide may cause greater damage to the Peking Man World Heritage Site at Zhoukoudian . The site is located on a cliff 50 km from Beijing. They fear a possible collapse of the rock stratum on which the site rests.\"A period of human civilization would be buried in mystery forever,\" said Chinese Academy of Sciences' archaeologist Zhang Shuangquan.Chinese censors are concerned as the government has drawn flak over its handling of floods on micro blogging sites. They have removed references to floods on the internet. Southern Weekly cancelled four pages of flood coverage this week reportedly on the orders of the propaganda department.The censors even had references to the weekly's coverage of the floods and deaths in Fangshan \u2014 the hardest-hit district in Beijing \u2014 removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15221197", "title": "Cops sound alert for red 'martyrs week'", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists may strike during \" martyr's week\" beginning Saturday. An alert has been sent by the police headquarters here to all police stations after receiving inputs from the state intelligence in this regard. Additional forces have been deployed to deal with any untoward situation. All the police stations have been asked to maintain vigil during the week.In previous years, the Maoists have struck during the \"martyr's week\" causing damage to security forces and the government machinery.IG special branch S N Pradhan said after receiving the intelligence inputs, police had deployed enough number of personnel. \"Special attention is being given to quite a few sensitive places,\" said Pradhan.Latehar, Giridih, Garhwa, Palamu and Khunti are among the most sensitive districts. \"The rebels generally target trains, road transport, and public property during the week,\" said a police officer.The rebels observe the week in memory of their associates who have been killed in police encounters. During the period, the rebels strike at the security machinery. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218319", "title": "Suspended jailer kills wife, shoots himself", "text": "LUCKNOW: Suspended jail superintendent RK Kesarwani shot his wife and then committed suicide at his house in Vijay Nagar locality of Krishna Nagar in the city on Friday morning. Strained marital ties are said to be the reason for Kesarwani's extreme step. The incident followed a heated argument between the couple on Friday morning.Known for his innovative steps for prison reforms when he was the in charge of model jail in the state capital, Kesarwani was last posted as superintendent of Basti jail and was suspended on March 14, 2012 for issuing orders to open fire at jail inmates who had laid siege to the prison targeting staff, particularly wardens. One person was killed in the firing leading to his suspension.Kesarwani, 45, was at his house on Friday morning when he entered into a heated argument with his wife Sunita (40).According to his mother Phoolmati and daughter Virtika (18), the couple were not getting along and Kesarwani wanted his wife to stay with her parents along with Virtika and their son Chirag (16). But Sunita was unwilling to stay away from him. On Friday morning when Kesarwani asked Sunita to go to her parent's house, a heated argument ensued. The situation was about to turn violent when Phoolmati intervened.An agitated Sunita then asked Virtika to prepare their luggage. Saying that they would leave the house right away, she went to her room. About half an hour later Virtika came running to his father and informed him that her mother had apparently consumed some pesticide and was lying unconscious in her room. \"Sahab rushed to her room and found that she was unconscious but still breathing. Everyone asked him to take her to the doctor. But he appeared hesitant,\" said Harish Singh Negi, the domestic help of Kesarwani. Negi's statements were also corroborated by Kunwar Pal - a jail warden who was at Kesarwani's house when the incident took place.As Kesarwani darted to his room thereafter, everyone in the house thought he had gone to change his clothes. About a few minutes later, Kesarwani came out his room in hurried strides and before anyone could gather what was happening, he shot Sunita from his licensed 9 mm pistol. He then shot himself on the spot. Sunita was hit on her left temple and Kesarwani on his right. Tattooing and charring around the entry point of the gunshot wound confirmed that the trigger was pulled from a point blank range.The sound of gunshots caught the attention of the neighbors who rushed to find out what had happened only to find Virtika crying for help. According to Negi, Sunita had apparently died on the spot and Kesarwani breathed his last on way to the hospital.Police later recovered a diary from Kesarwani's room which had a suicide note scribbled on one of the pages. The suicide note stated that since the couple were not at good terms due to a number of issues, Kesarwani wanted his wife to live separately with the children so that they were not made to witnesses the disputes between the two as it was causing adverse effect on them. The suicide note said ... \"Sunita is baat keliye raazi nahin thi .... Aur hum bachchon ke future ka soch soch kar chintit rehte the ... aaj jab Sunita ne atmhatya karne ka pryas kiya toh humne socha ... ab sub kuch khatam ho hi gaya ..... Humare is kritya ka koi aur zimmedar nahi hai .... (Sunita was not ready to live separately... I was worried about our children's future...today when Sunita tried to commit suicide...I though everything was over...No one is to blame for this act of mine) the suicide note, which was signed and dated by Kesrwani, read.Though police continued to claim that the incident was that of a murder and suicide, the investigators were unable to identify the main point of dispute between the couple. \"We are looking into all the aspects. The family (children) is too disturbed to talk at the moment. We will talk to them a soon and find out the whole issue,\" said Lucknow district police chief, inspector general of police (IGP) Ashutosh Pandey.Kesarwani also scribbled a short note for his children after his suicide note, which read: \"Bachchon ab tum logon ko humare sapne poore karne hain ....Humari sampatti mein se aadha aadha humare bete aur beti ke beech barabar se baant diya jaye. Humare is kritya mein ... aur kisi ka koi haath nahi hai\" (Now you two will have to fulfill our dreams...my property should be equally divided between my two children...no one else is responsible for this act of mine).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218955", "title": "Bhatkal brothers in Karachi?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security agencies' suspicions about the presence of Indian Mujahideen founders \u2014 brothers Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal \u2014 in Karachi have reportedly been confirmed by arrested LeT operative Abu Jundal.Sources say the brothers have been living in a guarded house close to the Pakistani security agency's premises. Two years ago, IM co-founder Tariq Anjum Hasan (34) told investigators that the brothers had stayed at his rented house in Shaheen Bagh within four months of the Batla encounter.\"We have found out that they have not ventured into India since they fled to Karachi. Riyaz remained the front man for the organization, keeping in touch with India head Yaseen through emails,'' said the source.\"It was only in early 2009 that Iqbal left India, followed by Riyaz. There are rumours that Riyaz came back to India at least twice and once even to the capital to conduct reccees,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15228435", "title": "Amendment to Mira-Bhayander voters' list sought", "text": "MUMBAI: Political parties are ready with their final list of candidates but the fate of the voters' list for the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) election slated for August 12 still hangs in balance.On Friday, the election office drew up the list of 516 candidates who will be fighting for the 95 seats in the civic polls. A decision, on the published final electoral rolls, is expected by the Bombay High Court on August 3.A petition to amend the final electoral roll was filed in the Bombay High Court by Bhanwar Mehta, president of the Akhil Bharatiya Janasangh. The petitioner pointed out errors in the final electoral roll published by the MBMC on July 2, 2012.The draft electoral roll was published on June 16 following which the civic administration received 328 complaints regarding errors in name, age and address of voters. The list included names of dead persons and those who do not fall in the Corporation limits. The final voters list published on July 2 contained mistakes that were pointed out when the draft rolls were released, pointed out the petitioner.After hearing the petitioner, the court has sought replies from the state election commission, chief election officer and MBMC by August 3. The court asked the petitioner to amend the petition and make the Chief Electoral Officer a respondent. Under section 22 of The Representation of People Act, powers to amend voters' list lie with the Chief Electoral Officer.The MBMC election will see a close fight between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), both of whom are contesting all the seats separately. The Congress on Saturday announced names of all its 95 candidates. The Shiv Sena , Bharatiya Janata Party and Republican Party of India (Athawale) alliance will also contest all the 95 seats.A total of 99 candidates withdrew their nomination forms on Friday. The election will be fought on a panel system. Each of the 46 panels will have two corporators while one panel will have three corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214254", "title": "Cops nab burglar for stealing zakat fund", "text": "HYDERABAD: A burglar who allegedly stole Rs 20 lakh cash from the office of Zakat Charity, Noorkhan Bazaar was arrested on Friday. Two other accused in the burglary are absconding.Dabeerpura police said Mirza Ali Baig was nabbed at Yakutpura railway station and Rs 17.6 lakh was recovered from him. According to them, it was on the intervening night of July 22 and 23 that Mirza Ali Baig, Sohail Ali and Sayed Ali entered the premises of Zakat Charity, run by Moulana Ali Haider, by breaking the lock.\"All the three accused work in Fatima Tent House, which is very near to the Zakat Charity premises. Since they had access to the charity office, Mirza came to know that Rs 20 lakh is kept there. All the three hatched a plan and gained entry after breaking the lock of the door and almirah before fleeing with the cash,\" Dabeerpura inspector Y Rajashekar said. Police stated that the accused spent more than Rs 2 lakh on shopping for Ramzan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15221461", "title": "Govt ups VAT to mop up drought fund", "text": "BANGALORE: Your daily essentials like beverages, food products, garments and IT products will cost more from August 1.The Karnataka government on Friday increased the VAT (value-added tax) rates on goods belonging to two slabs by 0.5 % to cover the Rs 3,200 crore shortage caused by waiver of farm loans. The waiver, announced by the government two days ago, is expected to provide relief to 16 lakh drought-hit farmers in the state. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar told the legislative assembly that the goods which attract a tax of 5% and 14% will now invite 5.5 and 14.5%, respectively. The new rates will be applicable for a year from August 1.\"The government hopes to mobilise Rs 1,000 crore through additional taxes,\" Shettar said in reply to a debate on the Finance Bill for 2012-13 that was passed in the assembly along with an amendment bill to the Karnataka Value-Added Tax Act, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220060", "title": "'Anna's movement not losing ground'", "text": "PUNE: Team Anna member Kiran Bedi on Friday claimed that limited support to social crusader Anna Hazare's ongoing agitation for a strong Jan Lokpal Bill should not be misinterpreted as the movement losing ground.Bedi, who was in the city for a function, met India Against Corruption members at Balgandharv Rangmandir on Friday afternoon.Speaking to reporters, Bedi said, \"Low response on road does not mean low response in reality. There are many people from the working class who cannot join due to their busy schedule. A large section of the society is with us.\"The politicians in the country are thick skinned, she said. Once the CBI comes under the purview of Jan Lokpal the malpractices and corruption at higher levels will come into focus. Hence, political parties are opposing it, Bedi said.The demand to free CBI from political influence is completely legitimate, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15221500", "title": "Virbhadra puts Congress in a spot", "text": "SHIMLA: With sulking senior Himachal Pradesh leader Virbhadra Singh quitting all poll panels, Congress may find it a Himalayan task to win the elections, which will be held in the state later this year. Miffed at not being included in the all-important election screening committee to pick up candidates for the upcoming polls, the veteran Congress leader, according to sources, has written a letter to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi .In his letter, he stated that he would not be able to do election campaign duty as he would have no role to play in selection of party candidates.The five-member poll panel for Himachal announced by the party on Wednesday is headed by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and has Chaudhary Birender Singh, Kaul Singh Thakur, Vidya Stokes and Jitinder Singh, minister of state for home, as its members. Virbhadra's rival faction leader Union minister Anand Sharma, who is in-charge of the manifesto drafting committee, too, has been kept out of the panel. With the Virbhadra faction having no representation in the panel, the senior leader is left with little choice of either to go along or step aside.With its house in disarray, Opposition Congress held an election strategy meet here on Friday that was presided over by Chaudhary Birender Singh, party in-charge for the state. Virbhadra, a five time chief minister, did not attend the meet.Chaudhary expressed ignorance about Virbhadra having resigned from party positions. \"He is an old and tested leader of the party and would definitely contribute his bit to bring the party back to power in the state,\" he said.State party president Kaul Singh said there was no question about ignoring the senior leader.Meanwhile, leaders belonging to the Virbhadra camp are talking about walking out of the party to float a regional outfit. \"It would be better to go down fighting for our leader than being humiliated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15221089", "title": "Ramgarh villagers toil to build canal", "text": "Ramgarh: Residents of Urba village in the district have proved that where there is a will there is a way.Concerned about dry spell because of poor mansoon and alleged apathy of agriculture department officials, hundreds of villagers of Urba in Dulmi block of the district have come up with their own irrigation scheme by contributing their labour.The villagers have constructed a 6-km-long canal to draw and distribute water from a reservoir to their fields which are drying because of lack of water. The canal has brought new hopes to the farmers of the locality as drying fields got water and saplings became green.The farmers of Urba village were quite worried about the future as their paddy saplings were getting dry because of poor monsoon. Most of the families in the village depend on agriculture. Fearing famine, they held meetings to find out a way to fight the dry spell.Sikandar Mahto, a farmer at Urba, said, \"We decided to go through a difficult task of creating 6km long canal whose estimated cost might be more than Rs 30 lakh. We decided to construct the canal from a checkdam to the field by contributing our labour. We succeeded as hundreds of villagers, including women, worked hard to meet the challenge to finish a big civil construction project without any funds.\"The villagers became happy when they successfully brought water from six km away through their self-made canal without any government assistance.\"Why should we wait for a government scheme which takes long time in sanction and execution as our saplings were getting dried because of dry spell and we can't wait even for monsoon,\" said Lal Mohan Ganjhu, a farmer at Urba. \"The farmers proved the proverb that unity is strength and where there is will there is way.\"Another villager echoes him, \"We don't have any knowledge of engineering, technology and civil construction. We applied our own skill of cultivation and irrigation and succeeded,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219284", "title": "Executive robbed on street, wife at home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not content with robbing a senior Indian Oil executive of Rs 50,000 and his gold rings, two men posing as cops in plainclothes went to the victim's house and took away Rs 31,000 from his wife, saying her husband had met with an accident.The robbers first withdrew cash from the executive's ATM and then, on gunpoint, made him call up his wife, saying was hurt in a mishap and needed Rs 1 lakh to meet hospital expenses. One of the 'cops' then went to the house and collected Rs 31,000 that the distressed wife was able to raise in the short time.It all started when the victim, Ashish Kumar, 42, was driving home to Sarita Vihar late on Wednesday night. Two men on a motorcycle began tailing him and motioned him to stop. Both claimed they were policemen. When Kumar finally pulled over, the pillion rider asked him why he had failed to stop at first and threatened to kill him in an \"encounter\", pulling out a country-made pistol to emphasis the point.\"The pillion rider, who was around 40 years old and not wearing a helmet, pushed me from the driver's seat, got into the car and began driving towards Kalindi Road. Placing the gun on my forehead, he told me to hand over my valuables. I gave him Rs 1,300 and my gold rings,\" Kumar said. The robber then took Kumar's ATM and made him reveal the PIN number. \"He asked his accomplice, who was following us in the bike, to go to an ATM and withdraw money even as he parked my car near the Living Style Mall.\"According to the FIR lodged by the IOC executive, the bike-borne robbers first took away his ATM card and made him reveal the PIN number. Then they returned with Rs 50,000 that they had withdrawn.\"I thought my ordeal was over. But the robbers asked me to call up either my friends or my wife and tell them that I had met with an accident. This way, they could demand another Rs 1 lakh. Forced to act on gunpoint, I called up my wife who finally managed to arrange around Rs 31,000 for me,\" the FIR said.It was at 11.30pm, more than an hour after the duo had accosted him, that Kumar was finally set free.\"We have registered a case of robbery at the Sarita Vihar police station and are investigating. The whereabouts of a few local criminals are being checked,'' said additional DCP (southeast) Romil Baaniya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218591", "title": "PGI to say no to patients with \u2018no serious\u2019 ailments", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now, all non-referred cases will be shown the door by PGI. Anupama Sarkar's death has triggered the faculty at PGI to finally show the board of 'no vacancy' to patients coming with 'no serious' ailments. Though this issue had been taken up several times, the recent mishap made the faculty think seriously about it. Besides, OPD patients will also to limited to 6 in an hour.The faculty association of the PGI will hold its general body meeting on July 31 and take up this with the Union ministry of health and family welfare. \"We need to give at least 10 minutes to each and every patient. This leaves us with six patients in an hour in the OPD. Also, we will refuse non-referred patients and segregate emergency cases,\" said Dr Ritesh Aggarwal, general secretary, faculty association, PGI.Over 5,000 patients come to PGI's OPD daily from all across the north region. \"There are cases which do not need any tertiary care, but still they come to the PGI. They need to be explained about the line of treatment and risk factors involved. All of this cannot be mechanically briefed and needs some time,\" said another member of the association.However, there are few senior doctors, who feel this will only make others complacent. \"In AIIMS this has become a norm of referring patients to other hospitals even when there are beds available. Moreover, not many are satisfied with the treatment at the other city-based hospitals as they completely rely on the PGI,\" said another faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215135", "title": "Pharmacists climb water tank, demand probe into RUHS exam", "text": "JAIPUR: Two pharmacists climbed a water tank and threatened to commit suicide at the Sawai Man Singh hospital on Friday alleging irregularities in the examination conducted by the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS) for recruitment of pharmacists in government hospitals.The exam was conducted from June 15-17 in eight shifts.The incident occurred around 11 am when two pharmacists Sudesh Pachar and Tej Singh climbed the water tank behind SMS hospital's Charak Bhawan building and started shouting slogans against the RUHS.The duo threw the letters with their demands from the water tank.The police rushed to spot with safety nets lest any of the pharmacists jumps off the tank. Fire tenders with snorkel ladders also reached the spot. Those living in the nearby areas came out of their houses to witness the high drama.The cops tried to persuade the youths to come down but in vain. RUHS registrar Anuprerna Kuntal reached the spot to pacify the agitating pharmacists. The two instead raised slogans against her and asked her to explain the lack of transparency in the examination.Kuntal, however, maintained that \"the examination conducted was fair and there were no irregularities\".As the police tried to climb water tank, the two pharmacists threatened suicide by jumping from the top of the water tank. So, the policemen also stood near the water tank helplessly, waiting for the government orders for next action. The police tried to persuade the pharmacists but all their efforts went in vain.RUHS registrar Anuprerna Kuntal also reached the spot but she failed to pacify the agitating pharmacists, who were present in large numbers. They also raised slogans against her and asked questions related to transparency in the examination. Kuntal said, \"The examination conducted was fair and there was no irregularities.\"On the need for conducting the exam in eight shifts and not showing the results of individual candidates, she said, \"The matter is pending in the court. Whatever the court decides, the RUHS will follow it.\"She said the RUHS is open to clear the doubts of the pharmacists related to the examination. The pharmacists, however, claimed that their grievances were never heard by the RUHS; as a result, they decided to climb the tank as a last resort.Indian Pharmacist Association (state unit) spokesperson Piyush Gemini said, \"The examinations were conducted in eight shifts in three days (June 15 to June 17). While 50% of the total candidates (general and OBC category) were selected from two shifts, the rest were selected from the remaining shifts. Several cases have been filed in the courts regarding the examination. Since the agitating pharmacists are not getting any support from the government, they opted to take this step.\"Meanwhile, a delegation of agitating pharmacists met medical health and family welfare department's deputy secretary Satya Prakash Baswala, who issued a letter to the police commissioner to investigate into the demands made by the non-selected candidates.Following the assurance from the police and medical department that no action would be taken against them, the two pharmacists came down.General secretary, Pharma Development Sansthan, Lokesh Gautam said, \"We will protest if the committee constituted by the government fails to fulfil our demands.\"One of the pharmacists Tej Singh said, \"We had no other option left to raise our voice as we tried to register our complaint with various state government officials, politicians and RUHS officials but in vain.\"Additional commissioner of police, Gandhinagar, Tejpal Singh said, \"Since the medical department and agitating pharmacists have reached an agreement, the matter has been resolved. No action will be taken against the pharmacists.\"Ruckus Over RUHS Exam:Pharmacy examination conducted on June 15, 16, 17 in eight shiftsTotal posts announced by the government: 1478Mode of examination: OnlineCandidates who applied: Nearly 17,300Candidates who appeared: Nearly 15,500", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15230652", "title": "Another B Ed college under task force scanner", "text": "BANGALORE: In another shocking exposure by the Bangalore University Task Force on Teacher Education, another B Ed college has come under scanner.Smt Mehra's College of Education, Horamavu, Banasawadi, was inspected by the task force on July 26 only to find shocking revelations.Apart from the principal, whose appointment has no approval of the university till date, there were no teachers for B Ed students. The principal, allegedly, had no records to show he has conducted classes. Other than the Head of the Department, there is only one full-time faculty to teach M.Ed students.\"Around 81 students have been shown as enrolled for the B Ed programme. None of these students are attending classes since January 2012. None of the students/staff of B Ed and M Ed have visited the library or borrowed books at library since January 2011. Yet all of them have attended first semester examination in May,\" said Karan Kumar, chairman of the task force.The task force has been formed by the varsity to investigate into the widespread corruption in teacher education in the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15214275", "title": "Team willing to back Rohit Sharma: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "COLOMBO: Gautam Gambhir feels Team India's batting collapse in the second match against Sri Lanka at Hambantota was a wake-up call at the start of a long, busy season.\"In the first match we scored well over 300 runs, but were brought down to earth in the next game,\" he said.\"We started the series with a bang after a rest of almost two months following the IPL, which was a good sign that the team was not rusty. But the batting collapse in the second game will ensure that we will not be complacent and be alert to the requirements of international pressure.\"Gambhir refuted suggestions the team was inconsistent. \"One bad match and you can't say that the team has been inconsistent. Nor can you write off the players only because they fail to come off in one game.\"Asked about the regular failure of batsman like Rohit Sharma, he said that there is no doubt that the team management had great confidence in Rohit's ability.\"We are also looking at the players who will be part of the team in the World T20 to be held here. Changing and chopping often is not the solution. Talented players need to be given a long rope and that is the team management's policy,\" Gambhir said.On playing Sri Lanka so often and keeping up the interest and motivation level high, he said, \"As professionals, it is our duty to give off our best. Representing the country itself is the greatest motivation. When we don the India cap, we try to give our best and do not see how many times we are playing against Sri Lanka or Pakistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217506", "title": "Maharashtra raids net Rs 63L gutka", "text": "MUMBAI: Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials seized gutka and paan masala worth Rs 63 lakh across Maharashtra after the state issued a notification banning them on July 12.\"We launched a statewide drive against consumption, sale and stocking of gutka and paan masala. Till now, we have seized gutka and paan masala worth Rs 63 lakh. We will intensify our drive in the coming weeks,\" FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde said.On the FDA's recommendation, the state cabinet on July 4 unanimously approved a proposal to impose a complete ban on sale and consumption of gutka and paan masala. \"We invoked the Food Safety and Standards Act provisions. After the notification was issued, we also filed a caveat before the high court to ensure that there was no attempt to thwart our proposal,\" Zagde said. According to Zagde, FDA officials inspected 4,089 premises, out of which the banned substances were found in 204 places. \"As per the provisions, the designated officer will issue a show-cause notice to the stockists and manufacturers and then initiate criminal proceedings,\" he said.After the notification was issued, Zagde held a meeting with DGP K Subramanian and civic chief Sitaram Kunte over measures to be taken to implement the ban. \"We have sought the help of law-enforcement agencies, civic officials, district collectors and chief executive officers of zilla parishads to enforce the ban. We will interact with the divisional commissioners and seek cooperation from all the sections,\" Zagde added.According to a senior Mantralaya official, in the past efforts were made to ban gutka and paan masala, but the initiative did not succeed due to loopholes in the legislation. \"Now in view of the new Food Safety and Standards Act, we feel our decision will stand the scrutiny of law,\" he said.On the revenue loss, the official said the state would lose out on tax collection from gutka and paan masala, but the state concerned about the health of people. \"Consumption of gutka and paan masala can cause oral cancer. We took the view that compared to the cost of treatment, the loss of revenue was meagre,\" he said. \"There is a single gutka manufacturer in Maharashtra, but over a dozen manufacturers from the neighbouring states. Vigil on state borders has also been stepped up,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215109", "title": "Don't link petrol pump vandalization to medical profession: Doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after six MBBS students vandalized a petrol pump in Udaipur, the medical fraternity on Friday condemned the incident but said it should not be linked to the profession.Indian Medical Association (IMA) state secretary Dr S S Agarwal said, \"Whatever happened in Udaipur is unfortunate but the incident should not be linked to the medical profession. Such practice could fuel hatred among people for doctors. Such an incident could happen in any field but the guilty should be punished.\"Incidents of violence have been reported at Sawai Man Singh hospital and the RNT hospital in Udaipur in recent past.Dr Agarwal said like any other profession, the level of tolerance among doctors has also decreased. He said that patients' expectations have increased, and when required resources are not available with the doctor, the situation may turn violent. The patient-doctor relationship has got strained, he said.Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors' president Dr Prahlad Dhakar said, \"It is not that the doctors are getting aggressive these days. You can ask the patients about the resident doctors who treat them. They will give the correct answer. The resident doctors are working for hours at a stretch. Of course, there is a level of frustration, which could make them aggressive at times.\"He said if patients have a problem with facilities or with a doctor, they can take the right channel to register a complaint against the doctor and not resort to violence.In private hospitals, less incidents of violence are reported because of better available resources, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219562", "title": "11 nations seek India\u2019s help to fight drug cartels", "text": "NEW DELHI: The massive drug bust recently conducted by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), in which 352kg of party drug ketamine was seized from two Delhi exporters, is acquiring international ramifications.Now, several countries have asked for details of the case from DRI to conduct investigations on possible drug cartels running in their own country. Investigations have found that the accused \u2014 identified as Paramjeet Singh Gulati and Atul Kumar Agarwal \u2014 have exported over a dozen shipments of the drug to at least 11 countries in Europe, Americas, Africa and south-east Asia. Sources said, the accused have shipped several consignments via air and sea routes to countries like Malaysia, Bulgaria, Turkey, Germany, Hong Kong, China, Yugoslavia, Canada, the US, the UK and Namibia.\"The embassies of some of these countries have got in touch with us and sought details of the case in a written communication. They want to track down the receivers of these consignments and crack down on drug cartels running in their own country. It's a positive move that will help us cripple the international drug mafia,\" said a DRI official.\"The consignment was concealed in a container tagged as tertiary butanol and was booked from Patparganj Inland Container Depot in the name of a fictitious firm. We called the shipping line while the consignment was in transit and seized it,\" said an official. In an indication of the enormity of the illegal business being run by the cartel, the DRI has seized another 300kg of the drug being shipped to Canada. DRI's Delhi Zone additional DG R K Sharma said the agency learnt of the consignment during interrogation of the accused and recalled it before it could be received in Canada.Investigations had revealed the accused would fraudulently procure Import Export Codes (mandatory for any export) on fictitious addresses to wipe out the trail. The modus operandi, however, has raised questions on how the accused got them in the first place and put the Directorate General of Foreign Trade, which issues these codes, in the dock.\"We are also questioning several Customs House Agents to find out how these consignments were let go in the first place,\" said the official. DRI had busted the racket in the third week of July seizing the drugs from Air Cargo at IGI Airport, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "15227924", "title": "Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry felicitate former IAS and IPS officers", "text": "SURAT : The Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI) has organised a unique programme to felicitate the former IAS and IPS officers who have done exemplary services during their tenure in the diamond city on Saturday.Sources said that more than two dozen IAS and IPS officers who have served as district collector, municipal commissioner, district development officer (DDO) and police commissioners will attend the felicitation function organised at the Taj Gateway hotel on Saturday evening.Once known as the filthy city before the outbreak of plague in 1994, the city of diamond is today known as the second cleanest and one of the fastest growing cities in the country. Thanks to the vision of the former IAS officers who served as the municipal commissioners and the district collectors in the city.Also, the law and order situation due to the rapid growth of population in the diamond city was well maintained due to the efforts of the former police commissioners.Sources said that some of the well-known faces from the Gujarat cadre who have served in the diamond city such as Balwant Singh, Shyamal Ghosh, PK Ghosh, Guruprasad Mohapatra, S Jagadeesan, Dilip Raval, PN Roychowdhary, Anand Mohan Bharadwaj, Pankaj Joshi etc. will remain present at the felicitation function.\"We want to extend our gratitude to all those IAS and IPS officers who have worked hard to make the city fastest growing and cleanest city in the country. Through the feliciatation programme, we want to recognize their valuable services to the city and its people\" said Paresh Patel, president, SGCCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15219760", "title": "'Houses to stay in Mhadei, Netravali sanctuaries'", "text": "PORVORIM: Forests minister Alina Saldanha told the Goa assembly that it is not possible to exclude habitations from the Mhadei and Netravali wildlife sanctuaries. However, she said the principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza would meet the affected people and try to resolve their grievances.The government has also agreed to conduct a survey in the two wildlife sanctuaries to know the exact number of people living there. Saldanha was replying to a resolution moved jointly by leader of opposition Pratapsing Rane, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar and Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate urging the house to call upon the forest department to conduct a house-to-house survey of the number of persons living in the Mhadei and Netravli wildlife sanctuaries and to take immediate steps where human habitation exists and exempt such areas coming under the wildlife sanctuaries.Rane, speaking on the resolution, said, \"We have to preserve forests and also the Western Ghats, but it is equally important to look after the people living there.\" For this purpose, he said, a survey needs to be conducted to know how many people are living in the two wildlife sanctuaries. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he would ask the planning department to undertake the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15217951", "title": "Not a Ludhiana for pedestrians", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city that boasts of numerous luxury cars plying on its roads is far from being a pedestrian's paradise. As many as 15 deaths reported till July in the city involved pedestrians losing their lives while trying to cross roads.The road markings are generally missing in the city, but even at the light points where zebra crossings are painted, the commuters halt on them, crossing the stopping line painted for them and leaving no space for pedestrians to cross the road.\"This city hardly has footpaths for people to walk on. The road sides serve as vehicle parking at almost all areas while the pedestrians risk their lives walking on the roads. The vehicle riders and drivers give no regard to pedestrians and move around as if wanting to run over every man walking in its way,\" says dentist Shivani Behal from Gurdev Nagar.\"No one gives a damn about pedestrians in our country and the city is just worst on these terms. During my visits abroad, I observe the way motorists slowdown at a distance whenever they see a pedestrian crossing the road. This is a civic sense which people need to inculcate on their own,\" said \"says Rani Jhansi Road resident Dr Asheesh Ahuja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15216815", "title": "Now, I won\u2019t be called illegitimate: Rohit Shekhar", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Hopefully, now, I won't be labelled an illegitimate child just because 33 years ago a woman trusted a dishonest man,\" Rohit Shekhar said minutes after the DNA test result was revealed by the Delhi high court.Welcoming the DNA test result, Shekhar made it clear that trouble for Tiwari is far from over saying further legal battle against the senior politician will depend on the opinion of his mother Ujwala Sharma.Shekhar said he would now claim his legal rights. \"Whatever legal right accrues to me and whatever he has done to my mother she has every right to go and file whatever she wants. Tiwari will have to compensate us for the mental pain and agony we have suffered all these years,\" Shekhar said, adding that he would consult his lawyers and his mother to decide if another case needs to be filed over his share in Tiwari's property. The Hindu Succession Act allows an illegitimate child rights to the father's ancestral property.Shekhar said he would also pursue a case filed before the Supreme Court seeking that words like 'concubine', 'bastard' and 'illegitimate' be struck off from the law books. \"In a century where we have legalized live-in relationships there is no room for such words in our law and they should be removed,\" Shekhar told TOI, quoting Rabindranath Tagore to emphasize that every child comes with a message from the Creator and is a blessing.A stoic Ujjwala said it was a \"historic\" moment for her after a prolonged legal battle and accused Tiwari of trying to \"hide the truth\" and putting one hurdle after another. She said it was the victory of truth over falsehood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15219051", "title": "Corporation battles to tackle water woes", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai city corporation is hoping for monsoon to set in soon to keep away water woes, even as it gears to tackle the drinking water crisis in the wake of failure of rains.Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa told the councillors during the council meeting on Friday that the civic body was making all preparations to ensure that the denizens of the temple city do not face any drinking water shortage arising out of monsoon failure.\"We are expecting the rains. But at the same time, we have chalked out plans to address drinking water shortage. Besides supply of water from tube wells, the corporation has planned to supply water through tankers,\" he said when councillors raised measures taken by the corporation to address the water shortage.River Vaigai, the lifeline of Madurai, is almost dry with a thin stream of unpotable water. The city, prior to its expansion required 155 million litres per day. The Melakkal water pumping station along Vaigai in the city supplied 16 million litres per day (MLD), while the Kochadai pumping station supplied 21 MLD. The rest of the drinking water requirement was met with two drinking water schemes from Vaigai dam that supplied 68 MLD and 47 MLD, respectively.However, due to the monsoon failure and the falling level in the reservoir, the yield from Melakkal pumping station dropped to a meagre 3.19 MLD and Kochadai pumping station also ended up with abysmal water yield. \"The water level in Vaigai dam has come to 38.2 feet,\" noted councillor K Rajapandian during the council meet drawing the attention of the officials on the need for immediate measures to address the water shortage. The water level in Vaigai, is feared to drop further if rains fail to occur in the coming days.City corporation officials say that there would not be any crisis in supplying drinking water till August in the present circumstances and hope that rains would redeem the situation after that. The first to be hit would be villages in local bodies that were annexed to the city corporation last year, where very little drinking water schemes have been implemented unlike the city.In the past years, water from Melakkal and Kochadai pumping stations was supplied to the 72 wards of the then city corporation. However, now a portion of the water from these stations has to be diverted to the annexed areas too that have left a cut in the water supplied to the residents in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218115", "title": "Forest officials asked to make link road in Dudhwa Park", "text": "LUCKNOW: Secretary, forest department Rajesh Kumar Singh, directed the officers to make a link road in Dudhwa National Park during a review meeting of the department on Friday. The progress of plantation work in Gomtinagar extension and in Rampur, Agra, Mathura, Vrindavan/Govardhan was also reviewed along with the Taj Nature Walk project.The department reviewed several of its other schemes along with action taken against offenders in cases of illegal felling of trees and hunting and poaching of wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220595", "title": "Japan PM gives a miss to PM-in-waiting Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 25-member delegation, which accompanied Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to Japan, has concluded its visit after four days and 65 functions.Two television journalists were sponsored to air the message of a successful visit.The information department had never worked so hard sending out scores of press releases and photographs of a smiling Modi. The chief minister, however, was all the time inquiring what Muslims were thinking about him back home in India, after his interview to an Urdu weekly, rather than bringing some concrete takeaways from Japan.At 4 pm on Saturday, the team, which includes the who's who in Gujarat Inc, will barely get enough sleep to recover from the jetlag before they will have to make the mandatory appearance before the media. The chief minister himself never addresses these press conferences.Incidentally, each corporate house had to dish out Rs 36 lakh to be part of the Modi brigade. Essar was the only exception, having gone into a sulk after the state government was ordered by the Supreme Court to pay tax arrears running into thousands of crores over failure to start its Jamnagar refinery on time.But there is one thing no bureaucrat back here is able to explain. If all the media managers were earlier saying that Modi was going to Japan on the invitation of the Japanese prime minister Yoshihiko Noda , why is it that Modi never got to meet him. 'India's next prime minister' was only able to meet deputy prime minister Katsuya Okada .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220389", "title": "ISI case convicts' jail terms reduced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) on Thursday reduced jail terms of 21 persons convicted in the ISI or Jehadi conspiracy case after they decided not to challenge their conviction by the Pota court in 2010.A bench of justices D H Waghela and G B Shah remitted the convicts' sentences which vary from five to 10 years after the state government too did not press its appeal for enhancement of sentence.Eighteen of the 22 convicts had served more than their five years' term before they were ordered to be released on bail in July 2010. Four others did not complete five years' term, which is the minimum punishment prescribed for the offences proved against them before the special Pota court. Three such convicts were freed by HC which reduced their sentence to time served till date.The only person who has decided to challenge the conviction is lawyer Mushtaq Ali Saiyed, who was arrested by city crime branch with senior counsel H N Jhala in connection with the Green Bungalow deal. Saiyed was accused of various offences, but the only charge proved before the trial court was possession of a weapon. However, he was not present when the firearm was recovered from the house. He was arrested hours before the recovery. The division bench will hear Saiyed's appeal on August 21.The bench also reduced their fines to just Rs 100 per offence against them. With this, liabilities of Rs 45,000 in some convicts' cases will come down to just Rs 500, which is to be paid within a month.The Pota court had acquitted 22 others in this case. Moreover, 44 accused are still absconding, and many of them are considered masterminds. The big names include Dawood Ibrahim , Chhota Shakeel, Sharif Khan, Rasool Party and Mufti Sufiyan Patangia.Among the 22 convicted by the Pota court for hatching a terror plot and illegal possession of arms in a notified Pota area, 18 were given 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 10,000. They inclulde Mohammed Parvez, Yunus Sareshwala, Anas Machiswala, Riyas alias Goru, Rehan Puthawala and Shahnawaz Gandhi. Three others got jail terms of nine years, while advocate Saiyed was sentenced to three years in jail. All 13 accused arrested from Hyderabad including Maulana Naseeruddin were acquitted with the benefit of doubt. All those convicted belong to Ahmedabad. Eight of them were also convicted in other Pota cases.According to the case details, then crime branch chief D G Vanzara found out about Muslim youths illegally crossing the border and ordered PI Tarun Barot to probe the case. He kept watch at Parimal Garden and arrested five suspects from near Parimal Garden. Later, arms were recovered from different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15231438", "title": "Gundello Godari trailer gets good response", "text": "Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna's upcoming production Gundello Godari's trailer was released in all the theaters where Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara was screened in Andhra Pradesh . The trailer received thunderous response from all corners and has already generated good buzz.Recently, the movie was in the news as art director Mr. Murali Kondeti has erected an eco-friendly fisherman village set on a landscape of 27 acres with some 120 houses and huts. The film has unique plot and is set in the backdrop of 1986 Godavari river floods.The film stars Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna, Tapsee, Aadi Pinishetty and Sandeep Kishan. Maestro Ilayaraja is composing the music and Nagendra Kumar is directing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/guwahati", "code": "15217299", "title": "Non-tribals will continue to enjoy land rights in Bodo belt, Assam CM says", "text": "NEW DELHI/GUWAHATI: CM Tarun Gogoi, under fire from Muslim politicians, blasted the Centre on Friday for the delay in rushing help. Home ministry sources agreed that deputy commissioners of Kokrajhar and Chirang, the worst-hit districts by the violence, had indeed requested local Army units late on July 22 for deployment. Even Army sources admitted the delay, but said it was not deliberate.Gogoi also said non-tribals in Bodo tribal belt will continue to enjoy land rights, indicating the bone of contention was land. \"The conflict is actually conflict of interest over land. BJP is giving it a communal colour. There are no Bangladeshis in the clash ,\" he said.Assam chief secretary Naba Kumar Das sent a separate request the following day (July 23) to home secretary R K Singh and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma, when local Army commanders pointed out they needed instruction from the defence ministry to move in.Singh also spoke to Sharma and requested him to ensure deployment of troops in violence-hit areas. Although local Army units conducted flag marches in certain areas in Kokrajhar on July 24, it took the Centre almost two days to send in reinforcements sought by the Assam government.Army sources also confirmed the sequence of events, saying the defence ministry had on July 22 advised the force to keep off the communal situation, under the impression that it could be dealt with by civilian authorities. Consequently, when fresh request came from Assam government on July 23, the Army did not immediately seek the Centre's nod. Precious hours were lost and the violence spread.PM Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia are scheduled to riot-hit lower Assam districts on Saturday. Cabinet secretary A K Seth reviewed relief measures and rushed two medical teams to the affected areas.Army sources said besides underestimating the threat of violence, the defence ministry was also wary of Army getting caught in a communal blame game. They said troops could have reached the trouble spots within three-four hours as two major Army stations are located within 150 km of both Kokrajhar and Chirang.Section 130 of CrPC empowers an executive magistrate to requisition Army troops and says the officer concerned of the Armed forces \"shall obey such requisition\".Of the 73 companies of paramilitary forces (nearly 7,300 personnel) that the home ministry ordered to go, 61 have reached the violence-hit places so far, while 12 are still on their way. \"Though many of these forces were airlifted, many others had to travel by road. Naturally, they took time to reach the affected areas,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15219841", "title": "Will keep ethanol plant in mind: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: The state government has assured the members of the legislative assembly to examine the suggestion given by leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane for setting up an ethanol-manufacturing plant at Sanjivani Sakhar Karkhana to make the factory a profit-making venture.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the government is taking all efforts to increase sugarcane production in the state. The production has declined over last ten years, from 76,000 tonnes to just 46,000 tonnes.\"The government is ready to invest 30 to 40 crore for the upgradation of the sugar factory, but first we have to increase the production of sugarcane,\" said Parrikar.He also said that ten years ago, 1200 hectares of land were under sugarcane cultivation. Now, it's 850 hectares.Cooperation minister Pandurang Dhavlikar said that in order to set up this plant, the government required a minimum of two lakh tones of sugarcane. \"We don't know whether we will get sufficient sugarcane,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220055", "title": "Tilak award for Amte brothers", "text": "PUNE: The prestigious Lokmanya Tilak award for this year will be jointly given to Vikas and Prakash Amte, sons of late social worker Baba Amte.Dipak Tilak, president of the Tilak Smarak Trust, said on Friday that the Amte brothers were selected for continuing the work of their father for the rehabilitation of leprosy patients.The award, which carries Rs 1 lakh and a citation, is given every year to an individual striving for the betterment of society. The award will be presented on August 1, Tilak added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15228960", "title": "Students complaint that top colleges sell seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Student complained to Gujarat University (GU) acting vice chancellor Dr Mukul Shah that top commerce colleges which declared that they had no vacant seats, are selling seat for Rs 30,000 to Rs 50,000.Dr Shah is learnt to have told the students that GU will initiate action against the colleges if they submit proof of backdoor admissions being granted for money.The students said that they will submit proof along with their complaints on Monday. GU had declared a list of 23 colleges with vacant seats where unplaced students could secure admission, which did not contain names of the top colleges.Students allege that college managements have not declared vacant seats to GU so they can make profits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217437", "title": "Mumbai will get 455 mld more water by September", "text": "MUMBAI: If all goes well, come September Mumbaikars will get an additional 455 million ltires per day (mld) water. A day after TOI reported that the gates of Middle Vaitarna have been closed, hydraulic engineering officials admitted the water from the Middle Vaitarna dam is likely to be released by September or latest by the beginning of October.\"If the rain gods side with us, we could expect to draw water from Middle Vaitarna around mid-September. This is subject to the monsoon. Once Upper Vaitarna overflows the new dam will rapidly fill up,\" said Ramesh Bamble, chief hydraulic engineer.Once the water level crosses over the full capacity level (603 meters) in Upper Vaitarna, the excess water will flow into Middle Vaitarna's catchment area. On Friday the Upper Vaitarna level was 597 meters, just six meters below the full capacity level. Mumbaikars currently face a water shortage of about 1,100 million litres per day (mld). The BMC has announced that the Middle Vaitarna dam project will supply an additional 455 mld water to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217721", "title": "Hakim panel submits report, auto, taxi rides may cost more", "text": "MUMBAI: Be prepared for a rise in auto and taxi fares, which could occur in a few days. The Hakim Committee's report on a new fare formula for these modes of transport was submitted to the chief minister on Friday. Sources said the state might increase the minimum taxi and auto fares by Rs 2.About the 150-page report, state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said, \"We will have to examine it minutely. The Hakim panel was primarily appointed to recommend new formulae for autos and taxis. We will examine them, consider all factors and take a call on whether to implement the recommendations or not.\"Sources said the government might ask the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) to apply the new formula keeping in mind parameters like present costs of living, capital costs and drivers' expenses.Consumer activists feel auto and taxi drivers do not deserve any hike whatsoever. \"As long as meter tampering and refusals continue, there should be no fare revision,\" said activist Sunil Mone. \"Fare hikes should be linked to the quality of service provided by drivers.\"The Hakim panel was set up about three months ago after auto and taxi unions demanded a revision in the \"outdated\" nineties-era fare formula. Pending the report, the unions were granted an interim Re 1 hike. Thus, the minimum fare for autos became Rs 12 and for taxis Rs 17. But expecting another hike, taxi drivers did not recalibrate their e-meters, which still show the minimum fare as Rs 16. Union leader A L Quadros says taxi fares should start from Rs 20.A source in the transport commissioner's office said that in the Hakim panel's recommendations, \"More weightage has been given to factors like capital costs, cost of maintenance of CNG engines and cost of living index.\"He said the panel has also given weightage to average idle running of autos (driving without passengers, whereby drivers incur losses) and the maintenance and repairs of spare parts, the cost of which has spiralled two to three times in ten years. The panel also conducted fresh surveys of autos and taxis in Mumbai, the results of which played a key role in devising the new formulae.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15217974", "title": "'Agriculture, revenue departments delayed white paper'", "text": "NASHIK: Taking a dig at Congress-held portfolios in the Democratic Front government ruling the state, finance minister and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar claimed that the delay by the agriculture and revenue departments in providing information was delaying the preparation of the white paper on irrigation in the state.\"The white paper, that was to be presented during the monsoon session of state Assembly, was incomplete because of lack of information from some departments like agriculture and revenue. The irrigation projects were delayed for various reasons including delay in land acquisition, the availability of funds etc. Unless this information is available the white paper cannot be complete,\" Pawar said on Thursday.He was speaking on the sidelines of a function at Kadwa Sugar Factory on Thursday.Further, Pawar said, \" the deputy chief minister also said that every drop of water would now be reserved only for drinking purpose, even if it affected power production by hydroelectric projects in the state.\"The monsoon has delayed and water levels in the dams have barely increased. The state government has therefore decided to save water only for drinking purpose, even if it affected power generation in the state,\" Pawar said.When asked about the allegations against public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and water resource minister Sunil Tatkare in relation to the Maharashtra Sadan, Pawar defended his party ministers saying that the situation was not as presented by media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15221219", "title": "Nagri villagers sorry for bandh vandalism", "text": "RANCHI: Villagers of Nagri apologized unconditionally to everyone for violence and vandalism during the daylong bandh on Wednesday and expressed gratitude to those who voluntarily supported the move.Meanwhile, the protesting villagers continued cultivated the land preparing for the farming season. A number of tractors were engaged in tilling around 100 acres on either side of the road though the farmers have not yet touched the plot earmarked by the government. Farmers have not been able to make the soil structures to hold water in the fields in the area that is inside boundary wall. \"Once the tilling work on periphery was complete, farmers will venture into the untouched farm land and start with their farming activities,\" said Dayamani Barla, a key leader of the movement.The bandh was called by different tribal political parties in protest against the government's attempt to acquire land at Nagri to set up an educational hub. Urging the administration to identify and punish all those who engaged in violence, Barla said they had no plans to give violent turn to the movement. \"We believe in non-violent democratic protest and have resolved to continue to demonstrate patience,\" she said stressing that had it not been the case, the villagers would not have sat for 150-day long satyagrah on their farming land under scorching sun to register protest.The villagers held a meeting on Thursday soon after the district administration led by additional district collector Deepankar Panda convened a meeting by with representatives of all 35 villages. Barla welcomed the announcement of the district administration that not a single inch of land would be acquired without consent of the villagers. Nagri was one among those 35 villages where land was being acquired by the government for central educational institutes followed by acquisition bid for new Ranchi.The villagers said since the government was ready to take the villagers into confidence, they too would cooperate with the administration to look for fallow land at a different location in Kanke block. Barla said land and revenue minister Mathura Prasad had issued a media statement saying that government had decided to acquire land in Nagri. \"This statement is contrary to what the minister promised to the villagers during the meeting and public hearing by the government high-powered committee which was also headed by Mahato,\" Barla claimed. She further stated that since there was ambiguity in statements, the villagers decided to adopt wait and watch policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15222897", "title": "Power crisis hits electrical equipment industry", "text": "GURGAON: Frequent outages due to the widening gap between the demand and supply of power in the state have now started affecting the electrical equipment manufacturing units in Gurgaon.Intermittent voltage fluctuations and long power cuts have considerably increased the production costs of the units, affecting the overall production.Electrical equipment units in rural and urban areas of Gurgaon are facing massive power cuts, as long as seven hours per day. Power cuts keep happening throughout the day. Owner of a unit manufacturing water-level checking device, Sanjay Modgal, said: \"The power back-up for running the manufacturing unit automatically increases the input cost. I'm spending thousands of rupees on fuel to run the diesel generator set because of long power cuts.\"\"At any given time 10 people are working on making a device which has sensitive components and wiring. Voltage fluctuation impacts the assembling process,\" said Modgal.Agreeing, owner of a factory which makes emergency lights, Suresh Gupta, said: \"Long power cuts delay the work because it's not possible to run all the gadgets and machines on diesel generators for hours every day. With such overuse, DG sets breakdown soon.\" Gupta said electric components used in emergency lights are sensitive and regular power supply is a must for their assembly. \"The output has fallen from 100 pieces to 70 pieces this summer because of power shortage. Also, the cost of production has gone up which I cannot pass on to my clients,\" said Gupta.Interestingly, the only business that is booming in the times of massive power crisis, is that of electrical repair. Shyam Grover, owner of an electrical goods shop said: \"Most complaints have been about AC and fridge this season, mainly due to frequent voltage fluctuations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221394", "title": "HC prods state into action after Chennai girl\u2019s death in bus mishap", "text": "CHENNAI: Keeping up the pressure on the state government after the tragic death of a six-year-old schoolgirl, the Madras high court on Friday said action against the officials responsible should not be a mere eyewash. Shruthi, a Class 2 student of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School, near Tambaram, slipped through a hole in the bus taking her home and was run over on Wednesday.The first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, which initiated suo motu action, said civil as well criminal proceedings should be initiated against those responsible for the accident. Directing the government to frame rules/guidelines on maintenance and safety of vehicles carrying school children, it asked advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan to table the draft rules in a week.Taking note of Navaneethakrishnan's statement that five persons had been arrested, the judges said: \"The suspension of regional transport officer and the motor vehicles inspector shall not be a mere eyewash. The government shall initiate departmental proceedings as well against them.\" When Chief Justice Eqbal asked how long the erring officials would remain under suspension, the advocate general replied: \"Till the inquiry is completed.\"Pressing for a permanent solution to protect the lives of children who travel by school-owned buses, the judges said the government must frame appropriate rules with regard to maintenance, fitness and conditions for running school buses. As of now there are no specific laws addressing these issues. \"A special cell may be created under the rule, empowering special officers to give fitness certificates for school buses and imposing other stringent conditions, including penal provision for violations,\" the bench said.As for Navaneethakrishnan's submissions that the education department has issued a closure notice to the school, the bench said, \"Taking into consideration the interest of children studying in the school in question, the school may not be closed.\" Besides asking the school to reply to the show-cause notice, the judges directed it to pay an interim compensation of Rs 50,000 to Shruthi's family.Earlier, when suo motu proceedings were taken up in a packed court hall, several advocates joined the debate and said even existing guidelines had not been followed by the transport and school authorities. While some of them faulted the sale of used buses belonging to state-owned transport corporations to schools, others said police merely registered cases whenever such mishaps were reported and that no proper probe was done. The advocate general said the government viewed the matter \"very, very seriously\" and all steps had been taken to prevent recurrence of such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15217878", "title": "SP govt quick to replace Maya's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: When Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, in September 2009, announced for the first time that his party would bulldoze all statues of Mayawati if it was voted to power, little could he have imagined that less than three years later the SP-led-state government would be doing just the opposite - not only replacing a damaged Mayawati statue with a new one but also protecting it by putting in place a posse of security guards.On Friday, a day after a group of supporters of a little known UP Navnirman Sena, hammered down the statue of Mayawati near Ambedkar memorial in Gomtinagar, security stood beefed up around the spot.Moreover, there were strong indications of the security paraphernalia being restored around dalit memorials as during the days of Mayawati. A senior police official dropped broad hints of a tightened security measures at various strategic spots in and around the premises of these memorials.The development came within hours after a new statue of was taken out of the backyard of the Sangeet Natak Akademi and installed overnight. The unpolished statue, though, remained shrouded in a veil throughout the day.The move coincided with senior BSP leaders, Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya meeting with UP governor BL Joshi, demanding imposition of President's rule in the state. Terming it an act of 'goondaraj', the BSP leaders demanded a high-level probe into the incident. Later, they went to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his residence, demanding adequate security for the memorials and the statues of dalit leaders including Mayawati. It has been a security lapse that resulted in the incident. We have demanded deployment of more security personnel in and around memorials and statues of dalit leaders so that no such incident happen in future,'' Siddiqui said.Interestingly, three months ago the Samajwadi Party government had withdrawn a batch of 450 homeguards deployed to protect these memorials, citing their use for a better purpose''. The developments that followed, political experts suggest, indeed kicked off a bout between SP and BSP with the latter trying their best to take political mileage out of the Thursday incident. Even as senior BSP leaders like Maurya and Nakul Dubey took to streets, BSP supporters held protests and gave vent to their ire in various parts of the state.Nevertheless, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav played a deft political move, almost defusing the crisis by swiftly replacing the damaged statue in a bid to show what it meant by a 'sensible' government. It did more so after Maurya, who was the first BSP leader to visit the site where the statue of Mayawati had been vandalized, had demanded quick repair of the damaged statue.At the same time, the state government expedited the hunt for Amit Jani, the chief of Navnirman Sena, which vandalised the white marble statue.SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said that the steps taken by the state government had once again proved that it is a democracy-loving one. It was during Mulayam Singh Yadav's rule that the name of Vidhan Sabha Marg was changed into Ambedkar Marg,'' he said.Significantly, both Siddiqui and Maurya appeared soft after their meeting with Akhilesh when they said that they would be meeting 'mananiya mukhya-mantri' in the days to come. Finally, the day ended with Maurya expressing his satisfaction over the quality of statue of Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "15219561", "title": "IIT Kharagpur event comes to NIT Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: The entrepreneurship cell of IIT Kharagpur is all set to launch the preliminary round of Empresario 13, the annual business plan competition among students across the globe. Associate member of the cell Rishav Ranjan was here on Friday to apprise students of NIT Rourkela about the competition. The total prize money for this competition is Rs 2.5 crore.\"For the first round of Empresario, participants will be required to fill up a questionnaire about their business idea and submit it in our portal,\" Ranjan said. \"This questionnaire can be downloaded from our website www.ecell-iitkgp.org/empresario. The deadline for the submission is October 30 2012. A good number of students from different parts of the state have been participating in this competition since its inception.\" He added.Besides, the entrepreneurship cell is also conducting a product design competition, Envision. \"As part of envision, we invite new innovative product designs in various fields - mechanical, electronic and electrical, information technology and software related, life science and biotechnology,\" Rishav said. \"To participate in this competition the students can just send us a technical write-up of their product design to envision@ecell-iitkgp.org,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15220679", "title": "Giving poor their due", "text": "MYSORE: When the country's healthcare sector is being criticized for its disregard for the poor, this 72-year-old doctor is leaving no stone unturned to reach out to the underprivileged people of the society. He turned his house into a clinic where the poor can get free treatment.Dr S Ranganathaiah started his &quot;community service&quot; to the poor when he was working as a medical officer at Shanivarsanthe in Somarpet taluk in 1968.\"I come from a village and I have seen that many a time the poor do not approach hospitals thinking that they are expensive. I wanted to change this belief and make them understand that there are a few doctors who give free services to them. So I visited them at their homes to give them needed services,\" said the septuagenarian.The doctor also became a catalyst for change in Iran when he went there on deputation. \"In that country, the connectivity between villages and hospitals was really bad. So I decided to reach out to them. My motto was If they cannot come to the hospitals, let us go there,\" he said and added that as a doctor it was his duty to serve people irrespective of their region or religion.As a professor in Bellary Medical College he organized several medical camps and awareness drives for the poor between 1984 and 1985.After attaining superannuation he along with some of his fellow doctors started a community hospital in the heritage city in 1994.The hospital used to offer free medical care for the poor. \"We had to shut the hospital after a decade because had faced several problems including financial crunch,\" he added.He later converted his house in Kuvempunagar to a clinic to give free treatment for the poor. He is also planning to start a cooperative hospital in future. \"In that hospital, people from economically weaker sections will get free medical care. Others will have to pay to get service,\" he added.Ranganathaiah hails from Erasawadi of Chamarajanagar district. He did MBBS from Mysore Medical College. He has four children- Ravishankar, Dakshayani, Triveni and Srivani. \"My children and my wife Jayalakshmi have been of great support to me,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15220998", "title": "Abducted student freed after four days", "text": "SILCHAR: Abhijit Barman, a 13-year-old student of Class VII and a resident of Kumacherra village in Cachar district near Dima Hasao border was freed by suspected militants on Thursday night. Abhijit was whisked away by armed militants belonging to the suspected Dimasa National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) early Monday from his home.The boy is the nephew of Nabada Barman, a senior Congress leader in Cachar district and chairman of the Integrated Tribal Development Project (ITDP). He used to stay in Barman's house.A senior police officer on Friday said as a result of a relentless operation by police and the Army, the kidnappers on Thursday night left Abhijit on the bank of Jinam River near Cachar-Dima Hasao border. The boy then took shelter with the locals. On getting the news, Joypur police and Abhijit's family rushed to the spot and took him home.However, sources claimed that militants freed the boy in exchange of a hefty ransom.Abhijit originally was a resident of Lodibasti in Dima Hasao district. His mother was killed along with many others during the bloody ethnic clash between Dimasa and Zemi Naga tribes in 2009 in Dima Hasao hill district. Since then, the boy has been staying in the house of his uncle in Cachar.Earlier on last Wednesday, locals in Kumacherra village brought out a rally seeking immediate release of Abhijit. They submitted a memorandum to Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi through the BDO at Joypur in Cachar. The protestors asked the administration to take action against the Dimasa and Naga ultras, who have recently joined hands and are involved in extortion, kidnapping and killing activities in the tribal areas of Dima Hasao and Cachar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15221187", "title": "Hospital unaware of one-year-old free treatment scheme", "text": "JALANDHAR: While the Union government had sponsored and implemented Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (JSSY) in June 2011, it was not implemented in Jalandhar Civil Hospital and the staff there was blissfully unaware of the scheme which provides free delivery and further treatment of mother and the infant in government hospitals.In fact, instructions for not charging any fee for various services under this scheme were circulated to the staff and various departments only on Friday, a day after the death of a newborn girl came to light. Meanwhile, sources in the health department revealed that the Jalandhar Civil Hospital was not an isolated case as the scheme has not been implement at several other government hospitals across the state as well.\"We were unaware of any such instructions and these were never circulated in the hospital. Not only us, even our concerned department, especially where the money is deposited, was also unaware of these instructions,\" said nurse Jeevan Kanta in presence of other nurses. The scheme provides not only free normal delivery or caesarean section but also free drugs, consumables, essential diagnostics apart from free diet during stay in hospital for three days for normal delivery and for seven days in case of caesarean section.The scheme also provides free transport from home to hospital and then back to home, free provision of blood and exemption from all kinds of user charges. These entitlements continue for a child for 30 days after birth at a government hospital.Medical superintendent Dr Iqbal Singh, who joined the hospital around three months back, said that the scheme was implemented last year and he was not aware that the hospital staff was not aware of it till now as it was a one-year-old scheme.Nurses threaten strike in case of actionAs the Civil Hospital staff is being accused of callousness towards an infant and her mother for payment of Rs 200, the nursing staff has threatened to strike work if any action is taken against them. Jasbir Kaur Thind, president of Nursing Association, Jalandhar, said they would paralyze hospital services if any of their member was subjected to any action. \"Nurses were not at fault when they asked for depositing of fee as they were not aware of free services,\" she said. She also denied that the staff handled the infant or her mother with callousness.No pediatric ventilatorThe pediatric ward in the Civil Hospital though has around 45 beds apart from warmers and incubators, it does not have a pediatric ventilator. Interestingly, the trauma centre of the hospital has a pediatric ventilator, but that is not used for infants, children admitted in the pediatric ward. \"We refer the patient if a child needs ventilator,\" said a staff nurse of the pediatric ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15220877", "title": "Appointment ban cripples Birsa Agriculture University work", "text": "RANCHI: Ban on all fresh appointments in Birsa Agriculture University following irregularities in recruitment is yet to be lifted despite the inquiry report on the fiasco was submitted to the governor.The ban was imposed about a year ago after the governor intervened to tackle the irregularities. Then officer on special duty (judicial) S S Rao is learnt to have completed the inquiry and submitted his report.Principal secretary to the governor Aditya Swaroop said Raj Bhavan had issued a letter to the BAU vice- chancellor seeking reply from 147 Grade III and IV employees whose appointments were under scrutiny. \"The university is supposed to issue show-cause notices to these employees and forward their replies to the Raj Bhavan,\" he said.It is because of the ban on appointments that academic and research activities in BAU have suffered badly. Around 75% teaching positions in the veterinary science department is lying vacant whereas a large number of vacancies are there in all other departments. Director administration at the varsity L B Singh said the institution had sent a detailed report on the status of vacancy along with procedure to be adopted in appointments to the Raj Bhavan. \"We have not got any direction thereafter,\" he said.The blanket ban on appointments is affecting research work in the wake of the fact that posts of senior research fellows in Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) are lying vacant. A university official said the KVKs were wholly funded by Indian Council for Agriculture Research (ICAR) but because of restriction on appointment of the fellows, research work was in limbo.This year, the state government decided to open eight colleges under BAU. They are agriculture college in Deoghar, dairy college in Dumka, veterinary college in Jamtara, agriculture college on BAU campus at Ranchi, horticulture college in Chaibasa, college of fishery technology in Gumla, agriculture college in Garhwa and Godda. Of them, two colleges are ready with its infrastructure. The agriculture colleges in Garhwa and Godda were supposed to start functioning from this academic year but in view of ban on appointments these colleges could not start.The Jharkhand Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board was supposed to select 100 additional candidates for admissions into the new agriculture colleges. However the board had to limit the number to 50 for admission in Ranchi Agriculture College, the two additional colleges not being functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218557", "title": "\u2018Neglected\u2019 Virbhadra writes to Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virbhadra Singh wants to contest the assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh, a wish that has landed Congress in a dilemma since it would automatically project the veteran as its chief ministerial candidate.A four-time CM of Himachal Pradesh, Singh is eager to be in the legislature because he fears that Congress may pick arch rival Anand Sharma as its nominee for the top job. Congress is crossing swords with the ruling BJP and an angry Singh can spoil the show, especially with minor players like BSP threatening to divide its votes.Sources said Singh has shot off a letter to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , complaining against some names in various election committees formed by AICC and arguing that he was not consulted in their constitution. But the show of anger may be an attempt to get the leadership's nod to contest the polls.Congress is unlikely to let its MPs \u2014 Singh and Sharma \u2014 contest state polls. It is felt the strategy will force the CM hopefuls to give their best. However, Singh is cut up with the importance given to Sharma, since he feels the Union minister has little public support to match his reach with the high command.Congress is perturbed over Singh's sulk since he is party's only mass leader in the state. A senior leader warned the issue has to be tackled tactfully by giving the ex-CM a win-win situation. As a way out, it could propose to Singh that his wife contest the polls with the assurance that he would be considered for CM's post if the party won.Congress has high stakes in the hill state. Partymen believe that a victory here can help reverse the negativity of recent defeats in Punjab, UP and Goa and the photo finish in Uttarakhand. Given the backdrop, party strategists are keen to placate Singh but are reasonably assured that he may not take the extreme step of leaving the party.Singh's options too are seen as limited since he can ensure the party's defeat but it would only hand another term to his bete-noire Prem Kumar Dhumal. Singh has called the corruption case, which forced him to resign from the Centre, a conspiracy hatched by Dhumal.Singh's discontent stems from Congress's decision to make Sharma head of the manifesto panel, with him as a member. It strengthened Singh's suspicion that Sharma could trump him for the CM's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15221822", "title": "Kanpur colleges come up with anti-ragging affidavit", "text": "KANPUR: Freshers these days are excited as well as nervous. Excited because of the beginning of college life and nervous because of 'Ragging' monster. But the authorities at the city based government and private medical and engineering colleges are claiming to have opted every possible and necessary measures to ensure no ragging practice in the college. The 'No-Ragging' affidavit is the new weapon discovered by college authorities to curb ragging this year.The city based engineering and medical colleges are all set to start new academic session, 2012-13 shortly. The students too are excited to experience the first day of college. The preparations have geared-up at their end. Following the start of new academic session, the medical and engineering college authorities are too ready with special 'anti-ragging' cell. Also, 'No-Ragging' affidavit, which is to be signed by each and every student is the new and effective way opted by colleges this year.Its important to mention here that according to the fresh circular issued by the UGC on its website in the month of March 2012 (No. F1-21/2009 Anti Ragging) mentions that every student must submit an affidavit, saying that He/She would not indulge in any ragging, which has been made mandatory by the UGC. This affidavit needs to be submitted by all students seeking admission in any educational institution.Hence, making this anti-ragging affidavit as their main weapon against ragging, the city colleges are claiming of properly adhering to this norm. Majority of colleges are also involving parents of the students studying in their colleges so that they do not complaint if their ward gets punished if would found violating the anti-ragging norms.\"We are getting the 'No-Ragging' affidavit signed by each student with the consent of their parents. Each student whether he/she is of previous or final year, of UG or PG course each one has to sign this affidavit,\" said Professor Karunakar Singh, Chief Proctor, Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute.He added that whole college premises has been divided in zones and each zone is under higher administrative authorities. \"Everyone will do their best to ensure 'No-Ragging' in the college\", he said.Similar statements were asserted by the authorities of another engineering institute situated at Roma. According to the Dean of the institute 'No-Ragging' affidavit is compulsory to be submitted by each and every student in the college.\"We will make sure that all anti-ragging measures are being followed on campus even before the freshers arrive. Strict vigilance would be maintained, while an anti-ragging squad is already there. The 'No-Ragging' affidavit is also mandatory for each student,\" said Sunil Sharma, Ragging Squad Cell, Kanpur Institute of Technology.Several other engineering and medical colleges also showed their positive response on making the 'No- Ragging' affidavit as mandatory to all students to curb ragging.Following the similar path, authorities of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College too have set-up special anti-ragging squad to curb ragging, which is highly being practiced in medical college.Last year a senior student of GSVM got missing from college. The parents of the student alleged that the student got missing due to ragging while the matter was forcefully closed by the college authorities later.\"We have constituted two separate anti-ragging teams, one anti-ragging committee and other is anti-ragging squad. Both the above mentioning teams will look after that no such incident of ragging took place inside or even outside the college premise,\" said Dr Navneet Kumar, principal of GSVM medical college.He added, \"We do follow all the norms as prescribed in the guidelines of Supreme Court. If I remember no such incident of ragging had came into notice at GSVM even in the last academic session.\"The state government too have proposed to launch a state level 24x7 anti-ragging helpline for all engineering, management and medical colleges and professional institutes in UP. The move also enables college managements to not only expel students found involved in ragging but also blacklist them from getting re-admission for the next five years.Meanwhile, the city based counselors have a better opinion to reduce ill-practices like ragging. According to them, better and healthy interaction between all students is very necessary to curb ragging. Often the root cause of the problem is insufficient introductory sessions between seniors and juniors. Student interaction can make the task of educational institutions simpler. \"More awareness is the solution,\" said Dr LK Singh, Divisional Psychologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218771", "title": "Future of 50 MCA students in jeopardy", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has done it again. But, this time, the colleges are equally to be blamed for the mess.About 50 Master of Computer Applications (MCA) students received the shock of their life when the varsity informed them that their admissions would be cancelled in view of their ineligibility to fulfil the requisite criteria of scoring 50% marks in graduation. All of them had taken admission to MCA second year after completing their Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;).They had even deposited Rs66,000 as fees and started attending regular classes since last three weeks. The colleges offering this course include Ramdeobaba Kamala Nehru, GH Raisoni, Priyadarshini and Datta Meghe Institute among others.A delegation of several aggrieved students, led by city Congress president Jayprakash Gupta, met vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Friday and asked him to look into the issue and reinstatement them so that they don't lose a year. The VC referred the issue to controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane who however passed the buck on colleges for committing the blunder by admitting ineligible students.\"The colleges are at fault for not following the rules. Ordinance No 19 of 2009 clearly stated that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation for securing admission to this course,\" he said.When students asked him how their seniors from 2010-11 and 2011-12 academic years secured admissions despite not meeting the criteria, he said the issue was \"serious\" and he will look into the matter. \"We have to check whether such (ineligible) students were admitted and graduated,\" he said. Kane was, however, non-committal on the fate of students if found ineligible.A student informed TOI that he failed to score 50% in his BCA exams. But he was told by the colleges that if he scored above 60% in the PGDCS&A; course, he would directly be granted admission to MCA second year. He has now been attending college for the past 20 days.\"After getting cancellation letters, we approached NU officials, but they did not respond and made us run pillar to post. Our future looks bleak now,\" the student said, adding that they were surprised why the colleges failed to inform about their ineligibility.\"The colleges should be punished first for misleading us,\" a student said.However, questions are being raised whether this is merely a result of NU's inefficiency or the outcome of yet another scam.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15219990", "title": "Four held in Echillam temple theft case", "text": "KANNUR: Four people have been held in connection with the theft of a panchaloha idol from the Mahavishnu temple at Echillam in Aralam on July 6. The idol has been recovered. According to Iritty circle inspector V V Manoj, one of the accused, M Vinodkumar (34) of Aralam, was arrested on Thursday night from his house and M Shamsudheen (45) of Thalikulam in Thrissur, P P Madhu (38) of Kambil in Kannur and M M Raveendra of Virajpet in Karnataka, were nabbed from Kakkabe in Coorg on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214094", "title": "Haleem outlets fuel plastic use", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Ramzan season's favourite dish has not just delighted the city's gourmets but also the plastic manufacturers with the demand for haleem containers, spoons and carry bags going up by at least five times in the last few days alone. If the daily plastic consumption in Hyderabad usually hovers around 10-15 tons, the figure this year in Ramzan so far has already escalated to 75 tons or more.Plastic manufacturers say the production of haleem containers began in June itself and will go on unabated till the end of the season. Though power shutdowns have cut down their profit margins, manufacturers are engaging additional hands to make the most of the available production time.Industry experts concede that the 25-30 units in Kattedan, Balanagar and Patancheru are able to meet just about 50% of the city's total requirement of plastic containers for haleem, spoons and carry bags. The rest of the demand is being met by supply from Vapi in Gujarat and Daman.\"Till last year 30% of the requirement was imported but this time due to AP's precarious power situation the imports have increased,\" said V Anil Reddy, president, AP Private Plastic Manufacturers Association. The consumption of carry bags too shoots up by 100 times during Ramzan, Reddy adds.The demand for these containers and carry bags is huge. Those in the hotel industry estimate that in a short span of one month, reputed eateries consume anywhere between 50,000 to more than a lakh containers of various sizes. Every hotel gives the annual order to a supplier in advance. With even Iftar items like fruits, dahi wada and samosas being packed in boxes and bags these days, the demand has spiraled, they say.Nasser Dashti of Bombay Hotel, Ranigunj, says as the popularity of haleem started growing along with the outlets, the hoteliers began trying out newer ways of packaging keeping in mind the convenience of the consumers. Dashti, an Irani, says how people can now conveniently devour haleem wherever they wish to.\"Along with a container, of late a spoon is also being given. Whether they are in a train, bus or a park, the dish is ready to eat. With the brand name also printed on these boxes, they also serve the purpose of advertising material,\" he adds. A major chunk of the outlets are using food grade quality containers that are safe for packing the Irani dish. After all, it is the consumer who pays, hoteliers say.Little more than a decade ago, haleem eating in Hyderabad was a different experience altogether. Mapping the trend, old timers in the city say that plastic has replaced metal containers in a major way over the last decade.When the delicacy was not so popular and eaten only by Muslims, male members of the family used to carry a large metallic container to a nearby eatery and carry haleem back home for the rest of the family members, all of whom got an equal share.\"The haleem treat was also a rather occasional affair during those days. But things have changed now with the increase in the number of outlets as well as packaging,\" says an old timer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15224753", "title": "Manisha Koirala ends her marriage", "text": "Ever since Manisha Koirala tied the knot with businessman Samrat Dalal in 2010, her marriage has been under the scanner.In fact, ever since the actress had posted on a social networking site about her unhappy state of mind, reports of her turbulent relationship started making their way to the media. And now, TOI has learnt that the two-year-long marriage is finally over. \"Manisha is in Mumbai and happy,\" revealed a friend of the actress.In fact, the couple took a decision to separate a couple of weeks back. \"But Manisha still goes to Nepal . After all, her family lives there,\" said the friend and added, \"Certain marriages work out, some don't. Manisha and Samrat have taken it in their stride.\"Reportedly, Manisha, a few months after tying the knot, had confided in her close friends about her unhappy marriage. However, she soon made peace with her husband and returned to Nepal.But the differences only deepened with time. Manisha soon returned to India. In January this year, she even joined the Oneness University near Chennai to gather strength to make her marriage work.Looks like spirituality couldn't offer her a solution either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219078", "title": "Zilla parishad to get back petrol pump land after 33 years", "text": "NAGPUR: After a wait of 33 years, Nagpur zilla parishad (ZP) is going to get back its land from Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) in Civil Lines on July 30. IOC had a petrol pump on the land opposite Nagpur district collectorate. ZP is planning to use the land to construct a building that will bring it some revenue.ZP has demanded compensation of Rs3.56 crore from IOC for illegally occupying its land for 33 years. IOC has filed a petition in the Supreme Court asking for the amount to be reduced.ZP had leased out 10,000 sq feet to IOC for Rs100 per month for 20 years in 1969. The lease period expired in 1989, but IOC continued to occupy the land. ZP issued notices to the company in 1992 but IOC did not respond. ZP then filed a civil suit in the lower court, which asked IOC to vacate the premises. IOC appealed in Nagpur high court.The litigation continued to proceed at a slow pace in HC, until the then ZP vice president Nitin Rathi took personal interest in it. HC finally gave a ruling in ZP's favour in 2010. IOC then moved the Supreme Court, which dismissed the company's appeal in 2012.IOC then offered to pay a rent of Rs50,000 per month but ZP demanded a rent of Rs4 lakh. Left with no alternative, IOC decided to vacate the petrol pump premises.IOC has started demolishing the petrol pump and asked ZP chief executive officer (CEO) Amit Saini to appoint a supervisor to oversee the vacation process. It has also informed Saini that the premises would be completely vacated by July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15215374", "title": "Tagore was inspired within these walls", "text": "\"My fancy, free to wander, conjured up pictures of the history of Ahmedabad in the Mughal period. The judges quarters were in Shahibag, the former palace grounds of the Muslim kings. The vast house seemed one cavernous emptiness and I wandered all day like one possessed. In front was a wide terrace, which commanded the view of the Sabarmati river, whose knee-deep waters meandered along through the sands. I felt as though the stone built tanks, scattered here and there along the terrace, held locked in their masonary wonderful secrets of the luxurious bathing-halls of the begums.\"These profound memories of Rabindranath Tagore find mention in his book \"My Reminices\". Tagore at the age of 17, in 1878, stayed at Shah Jahan's palace with his elder brother, Satyendranath Tagore, who was posted here as district judge. It was at the palace that Rabindranath Tagore wrote his first poems and short stories of his life. Interestingly, his stay in Ahmedabad inspired him to compose his own poetry and also make a serious attempt at music. Today the genre born from his music is called Rabindra Sangeet.Tagore composed his first poem 'Boli O Amar Golap Bala (I say, O my girl of roses)'. In his book 'My Reminiscences' Tagore wrote of how he came up with the idea of the poem, \"On moonlit nights pacing round and round the extensive terrace overlooking the river was one of my caprices. It was while so doing that I first composed my own tunes for my songs. The song addressed to the Rosemaiden was one of these, and it still finds a place in my published works.\"Shailesh Parekh, author of 'Tagore in Ahmedabad' claims that it was during his stay in the Shah Jahan's palace that Tagore appreciated the city's rich past. Tagore writes in his autobiography, \"We are Calcutta people, and history nowhere gives us any evidence of its past grandeur there. In Ahmedabad I felt for the first time that history has paused, and was standing with her face turned towards the aristocratic past....\"Parekh adds, \"It was here at this palace that Tagore wrote his first story 'Hungry stones'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219651", "title": "Coconut-based ayurvedic medicines on the anvil", "text": "KOCHI: Confederation for Ayurvedic Renaissance-Keralam Ltd (CARe-KERALAM), will invest Rs 50 crore for research in new generation Ayurvedic drugs, said its managing director Karimpuzha Raman. He was talking to media after signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Coconut Development Board (CDB) for promoting projects in coconut value addition and medicine development.\"Three research projects, for finding drugs for skin and liver diseases and for diseases in children, are on progress in our research facility in Koratty. We have invested Rs 2 crore into these three projects, and they will complete within 12 to 36 months' time,\" Raman said.CDB will associate with CARe-KERALAM for research, product development, validation and commercialisation of coconut-based medicines. This would fund clinical studies on the use of virgin coconut oil as oral application to infants to develop immunity, and for developing antibiotics and medicines for urethral stones based on tender coconut water. \"Virgin coconut oil contains components which have anti-bacterial, anti-fungal and anti-viral qualities and our aim is to segregate those components,\" said T K Jose, chairman of CDB.For the development of technologies, CDB will provide 100% of the project cost, with a limit of Rs 75 lakh for government institutions and cooperative societies, and 50% of the project cost, with a limit of Rs 35 lakh for NGOs and individual entrepreneurs and private research organisations. Meanwhile, CARe-KERALAM aims at providing centralised infrastructure to companies for the standardized manufacturing of Ayurvedic medicines. Ayurvedic industries own 60% of the shares of this institution while remaining portion by Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corp (Kinfra).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15217689", "title": "\u2018Govt has done nothing to recognize his contribution\u2019", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The city may have forgotten its \"Olympic house\", situated in Sarabha Nagar, and even the country may have lost track of its \"Olympic philosopher\" Baljit Singh Grewal, but his student Brij Bhushan Goel, now 61 and a retired banker, remembers his teacher quite often and visits his Sarabha Nagar home too.\"The Winning Mind\", a manuscript on sports psychology by renowned author Craig Lock, begins with Grewal's words. \"Many international magazines of the world took his thought and used it. But, unfortunately, except for a stone we got placed in his name in 2001, nothing was done to remember the \"Olympic philosopher.\" Not even a stamp in his name or anything like that,\" says Goel.Goel, who preserves several documents and copies of magazines related to his teacher's exponential contribution, says Grewal was in touch with the Olympic committee till his last days. \"He had expressed his dissidence through a letter when the organizers of Seoul Olympics proposed the colours of five Olympic rings be made a uniform yellow from the five different colours representing each continent,\" says Goel.Grewal letter read, \"This is the first departure from the norm of displaying the Olympics rings in their five hues decided by the Olympic charter, each hue signifying a particular aspect. Instead, all the five rings have been yellowed, possibly to stress the touch of the yellow race living around the yellow sea ... never the less, such a departure has been made earlier.\"The Olympic philosopher's daughter Mukti Gill, a 49-year-old teacher of Botany in Khalsa College for Women, says the governments has doen nothing to recognize her father's contribution. \"His words continue to boost the pride of Indians at the global level,\" she adds.Grewal's son Amrit, a national level basketball player at a time, now lives in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227612", "title": "Yaan", "text": "Jiiva has signed on his next project with Ravi K Chandran who has turned director from cinematographer. Ravi K Chandran has worked extensively in Kollywood and in Bollywood with some of the leading actors and production houses.The movie with Jiiva is titled Yaan and is going to be made in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi simultaneously. According to sources, the meaning of the movie title means me and will be focused on the hero. It will be an action thriller.Sanjay Dutt is said to play an important role in this film and a leading Bollywood actress is likely to be signed on. Talks are on it seems with Priyanka Chopra and others who have worked with Ravi in the Bollywood flicks.The movie will be started in September and most likely to be shot in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15230573", "title": "Raj Thackeray gets support from national transporters body", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray has received support from the All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) - the apex body of transporters association in the country - on the toll issue.The AIMTC also plans to take a delegation to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, asking him to remove \"illegal\" toll plazas in most parts of Maharashtra. Said AIMTC president Bal Malkit Singh, \"The road transport fraternity of India is happy that the MNS has taken up the toll issue. We have been raising this issue for the past few years and apprised the government about the toll plazas which are bleeding the transport community.\"The AIMTC has also supported the recent fortnight long survey conducted by MNS across six toll plazas in Nashik and which showed that the toll plaza operators are \"pocketing\" the money and the government does not get any revenue, Singh said. \"The toll Policy is ill conceived, non-transparent and lacks accountability. This policy is designed to benefit the private toll road builders. Nearly 70% of road users traversing the national highways constitute commercial vehicle (goods &amp; passenger) operators. Heavy levy of toll has a cascading effect on the final pricing of the product, thus going against the interest of the common man,'' he stated.He added, \"We had come up with proposal to have a toll permit system on the lines of National Permit System and the government can earn more revenue by collecting one-time annual toll from truckers. There is no requirement of toll plazas, check posts on highways and it would lead to seamless movement of vehicles, faster deliveries and prevent business losses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218217", "title": "All councillors highlight ills of bureaucratic system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The entire MC house, comprising of 35 councillors, highlighted the ills of the present bureaucratic system before the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs with the municipal councillors during their visit to the city on Friday. The issues of constitution of legislative assembly in the city, effective powers to the elected representatives and restoration of chief commissioner's post in city were the key matters discussed during the meet. The committee noted all the points and assured logical and positive response on the abovementioned issues in coming days.During the discussion, almost all the municipal councillors said there is dire need of legislative assembly for proper and speedy development of the city as in present system they are completely ignored. Significantly, this is first time that members of both of the major political parties, Congress and BJP, have come together on the issue of formation of legislative assembly.A source in the political party said, \"Councillors are forced to sit outside the offices of officers for over two hours and yet the end result is nothing. We are public representative and public ask from us regarding developmental issue and we are completely helpless in the absence of any powers.\"The councillors also demanded direct election of mayor and talked about enhancing the tenure from two-and-half year to five years. The memberssaid they have not been getting required finance support from the UT administration rather are being pressurized to impose house tax.Water woes discussedThe issue pertaining to long term planning on water requirement in the city was also discussed at length. Members revealed that city has been struggling from the water crisis and the authorities don't have any long or short term planning for this, simultaneously city has to plead Punjab and Haryana for providing the same. Members revealed that MC had sent file related to acquiring land for installing nine water boosters in the city, but the same has not been passed till today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15219264", "title": "Steel businessman kidnapped, dumped", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A steel businessman was abducted by five people while his employee was shot at in Loni on Friday morning. The businessman, Madan Goyal, was later dumped in Muradnagar while his employee, who was shot twice, is recuperating in GTB hospital. Police launched a manhunt to nab the criminals and by afternoon managed to arrest four of them.Police said that the accused have been identified as Rajiv, Kapil, Deepak and Monu. A case of kidnapping has been registered against them at Loni police station.\"The four abducted Madan Goyal, who has a shop dealing in steel supplies, from Loni around 8am. They entered his shop and forced him into their car at gunpoint. On seeing his employer overpowered by the criminals, Goyal's employee Rahis tried to intervene. This enraged the accused and they opened fire on Rahis who was shot on his leg. He is now recovering in hospital,\" said a senior police officer.During questioning, the abductors told the police that in the car they asked for a ransom of Rs 25 lakh, which Goyal agreed to pay. \"However, while driving past the Farookhnagar check-post, two constables flagged down the car as it was being driven excessively fast. When they didn't stop, the constables gave chase on their motorcycles. Afraid of being caught, the accused threw Goyal out of the moving car and fled towards Muradnagar,\" the officer said.\"The accused abandoned the car and fled on foot towards the forests in Muradnagar. We intimated the police post there and a trap was set up. Eventually, around 11am all 4 were arrested,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15220606", "title": "Do your bit to eradicate hunger: VC tells youths", "text": "MYSORE: Yogi Vemana University vice-chancellor A Ramachandra Reddy on Friday exhorted the youth to do their bit to eradicate hunger in the country.Delivering University of Mysore's Foundation Day lecture on 'Climate change and food security: the role of science and technology' here the vice-chancellor said that there was a need to strike a balance between over and under food consumption among people.\"In India cases of obesity and hunger are growing equally. On one side people don't have enough food to eat and on the other side people are becoming obese by eating more,\" he added.The vice-chancellor added, \"Despite 60 million tonnes of grains stored in warehouses, we are unable to supply them to the needy. As per global hunger index, 15-20 per cent people in India are starving and in the world about 923 millions suffer from hunger.\"On the occasion, national institute of advanced studies, Bangalore professor S Settar delivered a lecture on trends in social science research.University of Mysore vice-chancellor V G Talawar was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "spa-francochamps", "code": "15214622", "title": "Patel happy to write his own 'Formula' of success", "text": "SPA-FRANCOCHAMPS: Most aspiring Indian drivers might have their eyes set on Formula One, but Aditya Patel is cool about not racing in a Formula car at all.The Indian racer has come a long way since his first stint in the Formula BMW Asia series in 2008 and, after four years of cutting his teeth in the sport, is comfortable about competing in the Audi R8 GT3 series.\"I have worked towards this for three years, so naturally I feel happy driving in this series. I like driving a GT car more than the Formula car,\" said Patel on Friday. \"We are trying to change people's mindset because motorsports in not all about F1. The GT series has got a minimum of 30 cars and a maximum of 60, it's totally different.\"It's not surprising considering that the 25-year-old became the first Indian to race in the 24-hour race at the Nurburgring last month, driving an Audi TTS. Audi signed Patel earlier this year for a three-year programme after a strong performance in the Scirocco Cup last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219081", "title": "Motley groups pour in as Baba holds court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The large groups of students, association members, NGOs and unions supporting other causes who have added to the numbers in previous fasts, had been largely absent from Jantar Mantar. But this changed on Friday. Spurred on by Baba Ramdev's appearance, numerous groups started pouring in from all over Delhi and other parts of the country.A group of almost 50 students from Delhi University (DU) came to the venue. \"I am here with my friends from DU. Some of us had participated in the previous protests but there are others who are joining Anna for the first time. We are not part of any student union. We are here simply because we want corruption to go away,\" said Siddharth Mishra, a student at law faculty.Later in the evening, 200 students arrived from IIT-Delhi. Ramesh Chandra Arya of the Arya Dal from Itawa was present on the first day of the agitation, stayed away on Thursday, and returned again on Friday. His group has cycled all the way from Itawa. \"We couldn't come yesterday, but we don't want anyone to think that Anna's movement is dying out,\" he said. There were also about 400 members of the Parivartan Sangh, run by Rakesh, a social worker, from Daulatabad, and another 100 from All Gurgaon Auto Union. But the latter came more for Anna than for Baba Ramdev. There were also members of the All India VSNL/TCL Employees Association as well as a large number of senior citizens bearing placards saying, \"You can arrest Anna but you can't arrest a revolution.\"Ranjeet Mishra was present with other members of Pavitra Kanwar Sewa, a religious organization in east Delhi. Farmers have turned out in large numbers at the fasts and didn't let Team Anna down this time either. There are 500 of them from Greater Noida this time, though not all are fasting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221296", "title": "'Killer' pole claims railway commuter", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old employee of a software company died on the spot when his head hit an electric traction pole below Chetpet bridge near Chetpet railway station on Friday afternoon.M Muthukumar is the fourth train passenger to die in a collision with the pole, which is located on a curve in the railway line that blindsides a person standing at the door of a rail coach. The three previous incidents occurred during peak hour when the bogies were full and passengers were hanging on at the door, said railway police sources.Muthukumar, who worked at Brain Magic Infotech in Choolaimedu, came to Chennai from Sivakasi only a month ago. He boarded the train at Kodambakkam during his lunch break and was heading to Egmore.A colleague, Raja, said Muthukumar wanted to book a ticket to Sivakasi to get his final year BCom marks card and submit it to the office.A Government Railway Police officer said the impact threw Muthukumar's body 30 feet from the tracks. Police found his voter identity card and some contact numbers and informed Muthukumar's elder brother, M Pandiarajan, an engineer at Capgemini India, about the death.Pandiarajan, who broke down when he saw his brother's body, said Muthukumar had come to Chennai after getting a job and was keen to work in the city so he could help his family. Official statistics from the GRP show that an average of 14 people die in railway accidents in Tamil Nadu every day. In Chennai and its suburbs, most of the train accidents occur on the Beach-Arakonam sector and the Beach-Gumudipoondi sector, which together account for 90% of the accidents.\"When contacted, V J Accamma, chief public relations officer, Southern Railway, said the railways would probe reports that the pole is too close to the track. \"We will send officials to the spot on Monday,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15218979", "title": "Police recovered fire arms from Kandi", "text": "Four criminals were arrested and arms seized from them at Bijoynagar in Kandi on Friday morning. \"Police seized two 9mm pistols and 12 cartridges. The criminals were identified as Ilu Ahmed, Madin Sheikh, Makarul Sheikh and Hazrat Sheikh,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15219065", "title": "Two cops suspended in detention death case", "text": "TRICHY: The deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Trichy range, A Amalraj on Friday, placed an inspector and a sub-inspector (SI) of police under suspension for slackness on duty to prevent the death of a mother and her son in police detention. The duo was held in connection with buying stolen ornaments in Ariyalur and died after consuming poisonous substance, on Thursday.The suspension came a day after a special team, including inspector Balamurugan, SI Rajendran and others detained a goldsmith shop owner N Rani (52), her son N Anandbabu (29) and a mediator Natarajan (55) from Ariyalur on Thursday morning for buying stolen gold ornaments from a notorious burglar S Suresh from Pappanadu, Thanjavur district. According to police, Rani and Anandbabu died under mysterious circumstances while being taken for inquiry.While mediator Natarajan was initially said to be Rani's husband, later it was revealed that Rani had separated from her husband, also called Natarajan, 25 years ago. \"I was wrongly informed on Thursday that mediator Natarajan was her husband,\" DSP Palanisamy said on Friday. \"The mother and son might have consumed poison when the police searched for mortgage documents of the gold ornaments at their shop in Ariyalur,\" he added.\"The inspector and the SI of the special team have been suspended by the DIG for carelessness on duty. Moreover, taking into account the sensitivity of the case, we have referred the case for judicial inquiry,\" said Trichy SP, R Lalitha Lakshmi.Judicial magistrate, Nagalakshmi, initiated the inquest with relatives of the deceased persons on Friday morning in front of the mortuary in Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy, where the bodies were kept. since Thursday evening.She questioned Rani's brother Soundarajan, his wife Senthamarai, Bhuvaneswari, Vijayakumar, the mediator Natarajan and the house owner Sivakumar. Earlier, the police escorted the relatives to prevent media persons from contacting them. Except the house owner Siva Kumar, none of the relatives knew about the arrest and subsequent incidents till yesterday afternoon. They were informed only after the duo died, but still remained confused.\"The police detained them on Thursday morning at their shop and they took me too along with Rani, Anandbabu and Natarajan to Thiruverumbur police station. Unfortunately, they died as they had already secretly consumed poison,\" Sivakumar told TOI. Postmortems for the two bodies were performed in the afternoon after the inquest.Meanwhile, a protest by a human rights organisation sparked tension for a few minutes in front of the mortuary. room in Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital.They pointed an accusing finger at the policemen for the deaths. The team led by R Adhinarayanamoorthy, petitioned the judicial magistrateNagalakshmi to file a case against the policemen concerned for abetting the duo to commit suicide. They charged that the police had taken Rani into custody a few days ago and not on Thursday. MagistrateNagalakshmi admitted their petition and assured that she would enclose their petition with her report. She also allowed them to witness the two bodies on their demand before conducting post-mortem.Jewellery shops in Ariyalur remained closed till Friday evening to mourn the deaths. The funeral took place in Ariyalur later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15221177", "title": "Hazaribag commissioner reviews illegal land deals, takes action", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Commissioner of North Chotonagpur Division Nitin Madan Kulkarni after reviewing complaints of illegal settlement on government land, gairmajurwa and khasmahal land detected several irregularities and ordered immediate cancellation of registration and settlement papers in several cases. He also issued orders for action against the circle officer (CO) who was posted in Hazaribag in 2009.The commissioner detected 14 cases in which 200 acres worth several hundred crores of rupees were allegedly settled with influential persons and land mafias by block and district headquarter officials.The commissioner directed Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan to cancel all such illegal registrations with immediate effect and take legal steps against the then CO.Of the 5.29 acres of khasmahal land in the cantonment area of Hazaribag town, allotted for construction of hostel for harijans 3.11 acres was settled illegally. Another 2.18 acres provided to Housing Board was also illegally occupied.He also directed action against prominent BJP leader Deepak Nath Sahay who illegally settled two acres of forest land out in his name at Sindoor village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217316", "title": "Vice-chancellors chosen on basis of caste, money, alleges minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Higher education minister CT Ravi on Friday indicated that caste and money are playing a major role in the appointment of vice-chancellors to the universities in the state.\"There is a lot of talk that caste and money are the deciding factors for the appointment of VCs, though merit, integrity and social justice should be the criteria. It is evident that the concept of social justice has been compromised,\" he said, replying to a question by Mumtaz Ali Khan (BJP) in the legislative council.Khan alleged that dalits and backward communities are facing injustice and people belonging to certain communities are always given preference over others. The caste composition of the 17 VCs in the state goes as this -- Brahmin (4); SC (4); ST (1); Vokkaligas (3); Kurubas (2); minorities (1) and Lingayats (2).The minister said the government and governor have had disagreements over the appointments, and that the governor's office had made some appointments without the government's consent. \"Those cases are before the court,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215549", "title": "Energy key to progress: Margaret Alva", "text": "JAIPUR: The increased awareness about responsible growth is shifting focus on use of renewable energy, which is still negligible, compared to power generated from coal-based sources.Speaking at an event on renewable energy and climate change organized by CII and Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation, governor Margaret Alva said, \"Energy is the key to progress but at the same time it is a big challenge. We should prepare a work plan according to the nature for energy production. In the field of wind energy too, India is globally positioned at number 5 by generating 11,000 MW wind energy after US, Germany, China and Spain.\"Jitendra Singh, minister of energy, PHED &amp; DIPR said the Central government has made it mandatory for companies to ensure that of the total energy consumed, 5% should be from green energy. Rajasthan, as a result, is the choice state for everyone. The minister invited industrialists to set up wind power plants in the state. Talking about water crisis, he said that groundwater quality is deteriorating and water harvesting is necessary.Going green is becoming a global requirement and the Indian energy sector is also supporting renewable energy and making a shift from conventional to renewable sources.Dileep Baid, chairman, CII Rajasthan said the state government is on the right direction in taking proactive steps to promote wind and solar energy.However, recently the wind energy sector is facing headwinds from government policies. \"Last year, the Central government withdrew measures like accelerated capital depreciation benefits which is threatening to slowdown the pace of capacity addition in the sector,\" said Bhupesh Juneja, director, INOX Renewables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15230745", "title": "Delhi Metro mock drills hit commuters", "text": "NEW DELHI: All Metro trains came to a grinding halt at 11am on Saturday and commuters were given different reasons for it -- bomb blast, earthquake and terrorist strike, but everything was normal in less than an hour.This was because of a major mock drill in 11 Metro stations across the National Capital Region to check the preparedness of various agencies in case of an emergency.This is the first time that the Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) undertook such a major exercise without making public the exact timing of the drill.Thousands of passengers were stranded at various Metro stations and trains were delayed due to the mock drill, but constant announcements were made both on trains and at stations about the exercise.Trains stopped on tracks for over 45 minutes as the exercises were conducted prompting passengers to complain about the delay.Busy stations like Laxmi Nagar, Nirman Vihar, Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat were flooded with people as thousands waited to catch a train.Between 11am and 11.50am, entry into the 11 stations was closed as a part of the standard emergency procedure.Incidents like bomb blast, strong earthquakes, fire and terrorist strikes were enacted to check the response mechanism.Ramya, a software professional, said she went to Qutub Minar Metro station at 10.55am and was there till a little before 12pm for a Metro train.\"I was aware that there is a drill today, but not about the timing. I had a very harrowing time at the station,\" she said.Karol Bagh, Dwarka Sec-11, Central Secretariat, Pitampura, Azadpur, Badarpur, Kirti Nagar, Chandni Chowk, Shahdara, Noida City Centre and Guru Dronacharya in Gurgaon are the stations where the drills were conducted.DMRC spokesman Anuj Dayal said the aim of this drill was to check the preparedness of DMRC staff and coordination between Delhi Metro's staff, the police, medical staff and the fire brigade in such a disaster scenario.Mock drills are regularly conducted at Metro premises to check preparedness to tackle different situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214822", "title": "Power cuts to continue in Hyderabad till September", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) made it clear on Friday that power cuts would continue in the city till September due to the ongoing crisis brought about by insufficient water levels in reservoirs as well as shortage of coal and gas in the power generating plants in the state.The CPDCL on Friday reiterated that power cuts in the domestic sector, which is for three hours daily in two spells of one-and-half hours each in the Greater Hyderabad limits, will continue for some more time. While all district headquarters are being subjected to five-hour power cuts daily, the outage will continue to be six hours in towns, municipalities and mandal headquarters.For the industrial sector, a three-day power holiday per week or a 12-day power holiday in a month is being implemented. However, for industrial units, which are being supplied 11 KV voltage in industrial estates and industrial development areas, the power holiday is two days per week.If industries have 11 KV power supply on mixed feeders, the daily power cuts will be three hours in the Greater Hyderabad limits, five hours in district headquarters, six hours in towns and municipalities and one-day power holiday in a week. According to the official press release on Friday, a two-day power holiday is being implemented for industries which are getting less than 11 KV voltage in the industrial areas.CPDCL chairman and managing director, Anantha Ramu, said all government and corporate hospitals, Singareni Collieries, drinking water supply, national and regional newspaper printing units, railway tractions, educational institutes, high tension commercial services such as malls, central and state public sector undertakings have been exempted from the scheduled load reliefs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221414", "title": "Election Commission of India to take a call, says legal advisor", "text": "BHOPAL: Election Commission of India (EC) will take a call once it receives communication about the Madhya Pradesh assembly resolution, cancelling expulsion of two Congress legislators from the membership of the House, its legal advisor said on Friday.\"We can't comment anything offhand as we don't know about the powers of the assembly. Once we receive a communication about the resolution, the commission would take a decision\", EC's legal advisor S K Mendiratta told TOI over telephone.However, another expert view is that EC has no role to play in this entire episode as it was for the legislative assembly and for the courts to decide on disputes on whether any seat was vacant or not. They maintain that striking off names of expelled legislators from the electoral roll for presidential election was consequent upon the assembly communication that the assembly seats of Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Dr Kalpana Parulekar have fallen vacant.After their expulsion, both the expelled Congress legislators had moved the Madhya Pradesh High Court challenging their expulsion, arguing that they were not given any opportunity to explain their position which, they said, was against the very principle of natural justice.Meanwhile, senior Supreme Court advocate Vivek K Tankha, a former additional solicitor general of India, had earlier opined that once the assembly adopts a resolution-cancelling the expulsion-both the petitioners and the respondents, including the state government, could jointly move the court for withdrawal of petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15221406", "title": "Rains trigger landslides, hit tourism in Ladakh and Spiti", "text": "MANALI: Frequent landslides along the road leading up to the Rohtang Pass are set to ruin the tourist season in Ladakh and Spiti. Many drivers are now refusing to take the Manali-Rohtang highway, which further heads into Ladakh and Spiti areas.Light rains are triggering landslides almost daily, which is leading to long traffic jams and restricting tourists to stay within the confines of their vehicles and wait for traffic to flow again. Although the Border Roads Organization (BRO) had repaired the 200-meter damaged stretch at Rahni Nullah last week, the monsoon has damaged it once again.This stretch of road is already sinking due to the regular flow of water down the hill. BRO has put all its efforts in trying to stop the land from sliding, but controlling landslides is beyond its reach.Local taxi operators say the highway is damaging their vehicles and that even heavy vehicles find it difficult to cross the water-logged stretch.Meanwhile, travel agents say fear of stranding at Rohtang pass has taken a toll on tourism as not many visitors are choosing to take the Manali-Leh route.\"Ask any hotelier in Ladakh and Spiti and he will tell you about the bad effects of unmaintained stretch of Rohtang pass,\" claimed Mohit Gupta, a travel agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221133", "title": "Bank customers allege wrong TDS deduction on term deposits", "text": "INDORE: Bank customers are alleging wrong deduction of TDS from the term deposits (STDRs) where there is no actual credit or payment of interest which credited or paid on cumulative basis.S Jamindar, a customer of State Bank of India having a 'term deposit' account, in his letter addressed to the RBI governor and chairman, Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), has written, \"I would like to draw your kind attention on a 'term deposit' account wherein interest has been credited cumulatively on the date of its maturity while TDS was wrongfully deducted on yearly basis.\" ToI has a copy of the letter in its possession.The issue being that if a bank is justified in deducting 'TDS' under the provisions of section 194A of the Income Tax Act 1961 on yearly basis on the amount of interest calculated. But how can the TDS be deducted in a hypothetical manner on the time deposit account without actual credit or payment of interest?The customer believes that there was clear-cut violation of the provisions of section 194A of the I-T Act 1961. It has happened at a time when CBDT has already issued a clarification on the issue. The CBDT, vide its Circular No 03/2010 issued vide FNo 275/66/2007-I-T (B) dated March 2, 2010, reads \"It is clarified that since no constructive credit to the depositor's / payee's account takes place while calculating interest on time deposits on daily or monthly basis in the CBS software used by banks, tax need not be deducted at source on such provisioning of interest by banks for the purposes of macro monitoring only.In such cases, tax shall be deducted at source on accrual of interest at the end of financial year or at periodic intervals as per practice of the bank or as per the depositor's / payee's requirement or on maturity or on encashment of time deposits; whichever event takes place earlier; whenever the aggregate of amounts of interest income credited or paid or likely to be credited or paid during the financial year by the banks exceeds the limits specified in section 194A\".As such, the customers are bound to offer interest income for taxation which in facts has not been earned or accrued actually to him/her during said period. This is principally wrong and certainly against the provisions of the Income Tax Act/Rules. As per I.T. Act, the interest credited cumulatively on the 'Cumulative Time Deposit' has to be taxed cumulatively in the year of maturity of such deposits, says the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217202", "title": "Diamond broker leaps to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A diamond broker jumped to his death from the 14th floor of his housing society in Kandivli on Friday. While no suicide note was found, the police suspect the broker was depressed.Ramashray Pal (48) stayed at the 18-storeyed Aman Springs Tower at Dahanukar Wadi in Kandivli (W). He is survived by his wife, two daughters and a son. Pal's family told the cops that he hadn't been to his workplace at Zaveri Bazar in the past month as he was suffering from health issues. Around 2.15pm on Friday, Pal's wife called him up when she couldn't find him in the house. Pal said he was on his way to office. But in reality, he was in the same neighbourhood.\"A few minutes later, around 2.30pm, Pal re-entered his building and jumped from the 14th floor lobby,\" said assistant commissioner Jaywant Hargude. The watchman heard a loud thud as Pal crashed onto the ground. He informed Pal's family who, in turn, summoned the police. Pal was taken to Bhagwati Hospital at Borivli, where he was declared dead on admission. His body was sent for autopsy. \"Pal's family said he was depressed lately due to some financial issues,\" said Hargude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15231615", "title": "Microsoft: Skype 'redesigned network' will not help snooping", "text": "LONDON: Free internet-calling firm Skype has denied accusations that the changes to its technical infrastructure, will make it easier for law enforcement officials to spy on its 600 million users.The firm, which was acquired by Microsoft last year, admitted it had redesigned and upgraded its network to give it greater control, but denied that the move was meant to assist government officials for snooping on Skype communications on the Internet.\"The move to supernodes was not intended to facilitate greater law enforcement access to our users' communications,\" The Telegraph quoted Mark Gillett, Skype's Chief Development and Operations officer, as saying. \"Our position has always been that when a law enforcement entity follows the appropriate procedures, we respond where legally required and technically feasible,\" he added.Skype has previously been viewed as a problem for investigators and a boon for privacy-seekers because of its distributed, peer-to-peer architecture.However, Gillett vehemently rebutted claims that Skype allows eavesdropping, as Microsoft's data centres consist of \"supernodes\" that prohibits one to spy or monitor any online call.\"The move to in-house hosting of \"supernodes\" does not provide for monitoring or recording of calls. The enhancements we have been making to our software and infrastructure have been to improve user experience and reliability. Period,\" he clarified.Skype, however, did not deny a report that the changes made, do mean that it could hand over more data about users in response to lawful requests from authorities, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215239", "title": "Less rainfall to hit animal husbandry sector in state", "text": "JAIPUR: With the state receiving less than average rainfall, and the Met department not predicting any great change in the weather pattern anytime soon, Rajasthan's position as a leading producer of wool, meat and milk is set to be affected.The prices of fodder have doubled in the past one month over fears of a drought in the state. Coupled with depleting groundwater levels, the animal husbandry sector which accounts for nearly 13% of the state's gross domestic product (GDP) is finding it hard to sustain the growth figures.The desert state has the distinction of being the largest producer of raw wool in India with a mammoth share of 42%. It is also the largest producer of meat. However, with little rain and few green pastures available, livestock farmers are at their wits' end to find places for the animals to graze.\"If it doesn't rain, sheep will be the worst affected of the lot as there has been very little rainfall in the migratory route too,\" said A K Gahlot, vice-chancellor, Rajasthan University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences. The sheep and goat owners go to Punjab, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh in search of green pastures when the state receives less rainfall.Experts, however, said the impact of less rainfall can be gauged only on a long-term basis. \"The meat production may not come down immediately because of a good monsoon last year. Also, we have more than sufficient stock of goats this year,\" said Nagendra Khangarot, agriculture expert.The milk production in the state is likely to be hit. Rajasthan produces around 3.80 crore litres of milk every day and is the second largest milk producer in the country after Gujarat. Districts like Jaipur, Alwar, Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Bikaner and Hanumangarh are the key producers in the state. However, the scenario is likely to change as the fodder availability is low this year.\"Most farmers in the state are more concerned with fodder than with pulses or any other crops. If Bajra crop fails, then there could be a serious shortage of fodder which, in turn, may hit the milk production,\" said said R P Jangir, director of research, Swami Keshwanand Rajasthan Agricultural University, BikanerGovernment officials, though, claimed that there would be no dearth of milk and fodder in the state even in case of a drought. \"The milk availability will not be affected if it turns out to be the bad year. There will be dip in the production but then milk suppliers will cut down the in-house consumption and supply more to the markets to earn profits. Also, with the state receiving decent rainfall last year, we feel there will not be any problem for fodder cultivation at least in the next four-five months,\" said OP Meena, additional chief secretary, Animal Husbandry and Dairy Development.The fodder prices have increased to Rs 400-500 per quintal compared to Rs 150-200 per quintal nearly three weeks ago. As part of the contingency plans, the state government has directed all the district collectors to ensure that there is continuous availability of fodder to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217204", "title": "Probe sought into sports body", "text": "BANGALORE: Congress MLC K Govindaraj, also president of the State Olympic Association, has sought a CID or Lokayukta inquiry into the affairs of the Sports Authority of Karnataka (SAK).In the legislative council on Friday, he alleged that SAK had violated rules and misappropriated funds and was doing very little to encourage sportspersons. Though it was constituted in 1995-96, it had not renewed its registration periodically and not submitted its accounts. The governing council was reconstituted against rules, he said.Referring to sports hostels, he said students were being supplied poor quality and less food. He alleged that officials were misappropriating Rs 25 out of Rs 75 per meal.Govindaraj expressed doubts about the annual marathon organized jointly by sports and youth services department along with a private event management company and sought an inquiry. Youth affairs and sports minister Appachu Ranjan said he would conduct an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15217691", "title": "An IT boon for medium, small and micro enterprises sector", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) is facilitating Infocomm 2012, a national level expo on information technology and communication, being organized to promote and accelerate IT usage among the medium, small and micro enterprises (MSME) in Ludhiana from August 24 to 26.Joint secretary of CICU Upkar Singh said the present level of information technology (IT) infusion is at a low in MSME Sector. This event would support and facilitate IT usage among MSMEs, which is the need of the hour. Technology infusion, up-gradation and modernization of MSME sector will enable them to adopt and use e-business techniques so as to manage costs, enhance efficiency, attain competitive edge and develop exposure to global markets and international practices.The event will be held at CICU complex in Focal Point. Many renowned IT majors and allied companies will participate in it. Singh said the three-day expo will witness a packed house and 42 stalls would be set up at the venue.He added the expo also aims at showcasing the latest happenings in IT sector, prevailing trends in the market, including innovative electronic gadgets, CCTV cameras among other equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15217969", "title": "Long cuts leave posh area residents high and dry", "text": "LUDHIANA: As power cuts make life miserable, posh areas too are feeling the heat. Long outages and voltage fluctuations are leaving residents of areas like Sukhmani Enclave, South City and Country Homes high and dry.Shivani Chaudhary, principal of a private school and resident of Sukhmani Enclave, said, \"Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) is imposing long and frequent cuts. We cannot even sleep at night, as the supply is disrupted after every hour. Though we have invertors, these do not let us use air-conditioners, which are a must in this scorching, humid weather. And when we are paying our bills, then why are we deprived of regular electricity supply.\"Pankaj Chopra, a businessman and resident of Country Homes, said, \"Power situation has never been so bad as it is this time. With supply suspended for hours together, even invertors stop functioning after sometime. And when the supply is restored, it brings along low voltage and fluctuation problems. PSPCL should take the required steps immediately to ensure round-the-clock supply, else people might be forced to protest against it.\"Varun Duggal, a banker of South City, said, \"Outages have made life miserable. If this is the situation in posh areas, then the old city must be enduring a terrible time.\"A senior PSPCL officer admitted that cuts of eight to nine hours were being imposed in areas like Sukhmani Enclave, South City and Country Homes. \"Due to the power shortage, cuts are being imposed. The entire country is facing a shortage because of the deficient monsoon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15221578", "title": "This fakir sees God as he invokes His name during Ramzan", "text": "COIMBATORE: Everyone in the locality knows 'Kuruttu fakir'(blind fakir), a modern day nightingale of sorts who nurses the spirits of residents singing verses from the Quran as he roams the streets of Kottaimedu in the middle of the night. R M Mohammed, 60, is visually-challenged, but come Ramzan, he's up and about invoking verses from the Quran, urging residents to wake up and be ready for the first prayer of the day, before the time for fast sets in.Though he claims to be familiar with the streets, Mohammed is accompanied by his wife or any other willing youngster from the locality during his rounds. \"During the month of Ramzan, I hardly sleep at night. I start my rounds at 2am and finish more than an hour later. My wife accompanies me on most days. Earlier, I used to take my children, but now they have grown up,\" says Mohammed.Fakir Mohammed was born in Palakkad but came to Coimbatore along with his family at a very young age. He lost his eye sight after he was struck down by a severe attack of small pox at the age of 13 after which his belief in God became intense, he said. \"Everyone thought that I wouldn't survive but I came out just fine thanks to the blessings of the Almighty. Now I want to focus on spreading His blessings to others,\" he said.Fakir Mohammed used to cover a fairly large area during his nightly rounds, including Marakkadai, Selvapuram and North Street localities. But now, old age restricts him to Kottaimedu. He goes about with his mike and loudspeaker attached to a battery operated unit kept in his sling bag. \"Earlier, my two daughters used to accompany me. But now I am afraid to take them with me as I have grown old and times have changed. But Kottaimedu is a friendly neighbourhood, unlike the rest of the city,\" Mohammed said.Residents of Ukkadam still remember the earlier days when youth walked the streets freely during the month of Ramzan, waking people up so they can finish their morning chores before they start their fast for the day. Unfortunately, this tradition came under the scanner after the communal riots in 1998, Mohammed said. Consequently, restrictions were imposed on this practise by law enforcement agencies. From then onwards, the wake up calls were for the most part made on loud speakers installed at religious centres in each locality.\"Today, each mosque appoints a few people to do the wake up calls, but it is not done in an elaborate manner with much pomp and show, like in the earlier days,\" said Mohammed.\"I have never gotten into trouble. Everyone in this locality knows me. Many come and give me alms and ask me to pray for them,\" he said.Despite his cheerful disposition, Mohammed's personal life is far from perfect. He lives with his wife Kholsu Beevi and younger daughter on poramboke land. His elder daughter and her son live with the couple too as her husband abandoned her.\"Everyone in this neighbourhood knows the blind fakir of Kottaimedu. He doesn't seek alms but accepts whatever people give him,\" says Mohammed Rafik, a resident on Easwaran Koil Street, Kottaimedu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15230666", "title": "Activists opposes dark-tinted windows in inter-state buses", "text": "MUMBAI: Activists from the city have opposed the use of dark tinted films in inter-state buses arriving in Mumbai daily.Said civic activist A V Shenoy, \" Though the RTO has taken action against BEST and asked it to remove the dark tints from AC buses, the buses arriving from other states continue to flout the norms. In fact, the inter-state buses freely roam within the city limits with dark-tinted windows.\" He plans to meet other activists and submit a joint memorandum in this connection to the transport department.He further pointed out that there was a Supreme Court order against the use of dark tinted films in cars and buses. It had banned the used of tinted glass, restricting visions beyond a permissible limit as fixed under the Motor Vehicles Act, and completely prohibiting black films.The court in its verdict had also directed all the state governments to ensure prohibition of black films and to make its directives operative from May this year, sources said. It sought strict implementation of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, laying down that the glasses of windscreen and rear windows of vehicles should have a visual light transmission of 70 per cent and that of side windows should be at least 50 per cent.Said Shenoy, \" The BEST had stripped all its 270 King Long buses of the dark tinted films. When our city buses can observe the rules, why cant we enforce them for buses arriving from other states? \" A senior RTO official said that he would direct his staff to keep a check on such buses and take penal action. A BEST official said that all the dark tinted films in King Longs have been replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15217898", "title": "CBI books ex-VC of Ignou for favouring universities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday registered a case against former Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) vice-chancellor V N Rajasekharan Pillai for allegedly granting permission to two private universities, Punjab Technical University and Sikkim Manipal University, to run distance education courses in violation of rules.The agency also conducted searches at his premises in Thiruvananthapuram and Kottayam in Kerala and seized some documents.Pillai was also the chairman of Distance Education Council (DEC).The DEC, which monitors standards of open universities and distance education institutes in the country, had allowed Punjab Technical University and Sikkim Manipal University to offer certain courses after allegedly overruling the opinion of the joint committee of AICTE, Ignou and UGC.According to the agency's FIR, the two universities made close to Rs 470 crore by running distance learning courses at their centres in five years. The FIR was filed against Pillai, unknown officials of the two universities and some officials of (Ignou). CBI officials said they were trying to ascertain if Pillai received illegal gratification in return for favouring the two varsities. Officials said SMU admitted 17.6 lakh students in its 728 study centres all over India between 2004 and 2011 and made a profit of Rs 85 crore. Similarly, PTU admitted several lakh students in its 894 centres and made a profit of Rs 384 crore.\"Both universities did not get the approval of the joint committee of AICTE, UGC and Ignou but Pillai still gave approval for the courses setting aside the laid down guidelines,\" a CBI officer said.The FIR said, \"SMU is a self-financed state university established in 1995. It had approached DEC in 2004 for approval of conducting 51 courses/programmes in distance mode. The experts of DEC examined the study material and observed discrepancies which were communicated to SMU on July 3, 2006. Without any eliberation/examination of the response of SMU, Prof V Pillai allowed a provisional approval for a period of one year, ie for 2007-2008 and post facto recognition was given on August 29, 2007 by manipulating minutes of meetings of the third meeting of the joint committee held on August 7, 2007.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15220788", "title": "Rahul be projected as PM in 2014 Lok Sabha poll: Shastri", "text": "DHANBAD: Congress Working Committee member Anil Shastri on Friday suggested party general secretary Rahul Gandhi be projected as the next prime ministerial candidate and the 2014 Lok Sabha election should be contested under his leadership.Shastri, a former Union minister who was in town to deliver a lecture at Indian School of Mines, said Manmohan Singh would be over 80 years in 2014 and he could not become the Prime Minister again. \"It is right time that Rahul is projected as the prime ministerial candidate by the party. The Congress needs a new leadership under him,\" he said.\"Rahul should take up the responsibility at the national level and play an active role. I cannot say he should become the leader of the party in the Lok Sabha as suggested by some Congress MPs, but he can become either the party working president, vice-president or can be inducted into the union Cabinet now.\".The Congress lost the elections in Uttar Pradesh, Goa, Punjab and byelection in Madhya Pradesh and narrowly escaped defeat in Uttarakhand. The party needs a new leadership which Rahul can provide, Shastri said.He also demanded inclusion of politicians in the Election Commission as it was run by the bureaucrats who never contested polls and was taking \"impractical decisions\".\"Election laws are ridiculous and impractical. Everyone knows the limit of expenses suggested by the commission cannot be implemented, still candidates are told to file return of expenses and they do present all kinds of false documents,\" the former Union minister said.Shastri said Team Anna had lost its goodwill because they started taking sides. \"They campaigned against the Congress in UP and Hisar elections. Their credibility started eroding which is reflected in poor response during their ongoing fast at Jantar Mantar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15219946", "title": "Cops in Maharashtra to trace 'wife killer' Rathod", "text": "MAPUSA: Another team of Mapusa police led by PI Tushar Vernekar has left for Sholapur, Maharashtra, in search of the 'wife killer', Ravi Rathod.The earlier police team which was sent in search of Rathod to Bijapur in Karnataka found that the Rathod family had sold their property and belongings and shifted to Sholapur in Maharashtra.\"The team led by PI Vernekar has already left for Sholapur in search of the accused,\" said DySP Bossuet da Silva. Geeta Rathod, 25, was found brutally murdered at her rented house in Parra late Wednesday night. Mapusa police suspect the husband committed the crime and are probing his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15230459", "title": "Defence minister Antony to review security situation in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Defence minister A K Antony on Saturday arrived here on a two-day visit to Jammu and Kashmir during which he will review the security situation in the Valley and also interact with troops deployed in forward locations.Antony, who is accompanied by Chief of Army Staff General Bikram Singh and Defence Secretary Shashi Kant Sharma, was received at the airport by medical education minister R S Chib, and minister of state for home Nasir Aslam Wani, official sources said.They said the defence minister will review the security situation in the Valley and also chair the Unified Headquarters meeting.This is Antony?s first visit to the state in the last 18 months.Antony will also interact with state Governor N N Vohra and chief minister Omar Abdullah .\"The defence minister will visit several forward areas in the state and will interact with troops and senior defence as well as state government officials. He will also head the meeting of UHQ during which he will be briefed on present security situation in state and along the Indo-Pakistan border,\" defence ministry officials said.Antony will also visit the headquarters of some of the key military formations in the state to take stock of their preparedness and will interact with the troops there. He will return to the capital tomorrow.The defence minister is also expected to discuss the issue of Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in the state with top commanders.While Army has been insisting on maintaining a status quo regarding the law, state government and several other political parties have demanded its revocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217297", "title": "Government not in favour of euthanasia", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Friday made it clear it's not in favour of euthanasia.\"Our sole objective should be to help people live,'' said law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar , while replying to the issue raised by AH Shivayogi Swamy (BJP) and Go Madhusudan, Bharathi Shetty and Capt. Ganesh Karnik (all BJP).The minister said the law of the land prohibited active euthanasia and the Supreme Court had laid out guidelines for passive euthanasia. \"In this situation, there's no need for us to recommend anything. We feel our effort should be to help a person live, whatever be the situation. It's about compassion and service.''However, members were divided over the issue. Referring to the case of HD Karibasamma, a teacher in Davanagere who is seeking euthanasia due to health problems, Shivayogi Swamy said: \"It's torture for the patient and family members. It's like death every minute. Moreover, such cases have financial implications. Several countries have legalized euthanasia. We should pass a resolution and send it to the Centre.''Madhusudan said Swami Vivekananda, Sita, Mandanamishra, Bheeshma, Siddalingeshwara Swamy and Raghavendra Swamy had all embraced death of their own accord. \"It's part of our culture. It's the right of the person to choose death in such situations,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221254", "title": "Man who used sticks to steal held", "text": "CHENNAI: A criminal apprehension team of the city police has arrested a thief who is known for using a unique 'bamboo pulling' technique to steal valuables from houses. He was caught while trying to steal from a house in Selaiyur on Wednesday.Thirty-three-year-old Lingam never had to break open locks - he used bamboo and sticks to take bags through windows. Police said Lingam, a native of Maduranthagam, was staying with his two sons and sister at Vengaivasal after his wife's death five years ago. He is involved in four such similar offences in Selaiyur.His modus operandi was to identify houses which had windows open at night. He never carried sticks with him, but picked up one from the neighbourhood which he would use and discard there itself. He would hook a bag with the stick, slide it to him, take valuables and replaces the bag where it was, police said.Police have recovered 12 sovereigns of gold jewellery and a motorbike from him. Police said this is the first time he had stolen a two-wheeler. He had stolen chains from women who slept near the window. A team in mufti finally proved to be his undoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15220068", "title": "On offer, a Rs 6-crore flat in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city is now home to perhaps the costliest residential property in the state with a base price of Rs 1.5 crore for the smallest condominium and up to Rs 6 crore for the 8,000 sq feet duplex penthouse. This price does not include taxes.And customers are apparently ready to shell out mega bucks for premium living!Developer Superstone Properites says 20 of the 53 condominiums coming up in a 26-storey tower at Elathur have been sold off.Imported Spanish marble has been used in these luxury homes, and they have swimming pools, private sky gardens and smart home systems that let you control gadgets online.\"Kozhikode has perhaps the biggest concentration of high net worth individuals in the state. That's why we selected this city for our first project,\" N Subramanian, vice president, Sales and Marketing, Superstone Properties, said.The tower offers 180 degree view of the Arabian Sea, and packs numerous spoils including sauna, jacuzzi, business centre, ball room and observation deck. It has only an apartment each from the 20th floor onwards. The duplex floor on the top has a swimming pool, private elevator and a 2,000 sq ft sky garden.M A Mehaboob, president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India ( CREDAI), Kozhikode Chapter, said ultra-luxury homes had become the most promising segment in the realty sector.\"Around 60% of our 110 villas with a price tag of over Rs one crore, has been sold out. The most number of enquiries have been for those costing over Rs 2 crore,\" Mehaboob added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218963", "title": "15-year-old abducted, sold and raped; couple held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A couple has been arrested from Mukundpur for allegedly kidnapping a 15-year-old girl from her residence at Bhalaswa Dairy and selling her at a prostitution den in Rohini.Even though police rescued the girl within 12 hours, she was raped twice \u2014 by the accused Sunil Kumar and the owner of the den.Police has also arrested Sunil's wife Aarti and an FIR has been registered in this regard. The owner of the Rohini establishment Rishi Arora is absconding.\"On July 25, we received a PCR call at around 8.10pm from a girl claiming she had been sold off to traffickers by her neighbours. She alleged that her neighbour Sunil and his wife Aarti had kidnapped her, taken her to Rohini and sold her to the den's owner. She also said Sunil had raped her but we are trying to find out if she was raped even before she was kidnapped and whether she didn't report the matter due to fear,'' said DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran.Investigations revealed that the owner raped her. \"When the victim reported the facts to Rishi's wife, she beat her up,'' said a cop.An NGO which also joined the interrogation and verified the facts found the girl's allegations to be true.\"During interrogation Sunil Kumar and Aarti confessed to have committed the offence. Sunil is in police remand for two days and efforts are on to nab the co-accused Rishi and his wife,\" the officer said.Three other cases of minors being raped have also been reported in the capital in the last 48 hours. A three-year-old girl was raped by a mason Om Prakash in the Ranhaula area of west Delhi.Another girl, a Class IX student from the Khayala area, was repeatedly raped by her neighbour. In the third incident, a 17-year-old girl was raped by her neighbour after he abducted her and took her to a farmhouse in Alipur in outer Delhi. All three accused have been nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15227902", "title": "National Commission for Protection of Child Rights team to publish report on rampant trafficking in West Bengal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) which had toured Bengal in view of the rising number of missing children in the state is busy preparing the final report which is expected to be tabled next week.The move comes in the midst of data recently published by NCRB stating that the state ranks poorly when it comes to tackle trafficking. The three member delegation consisting of - Vinod Kumar Tikoo, Shaista Khan, senior consultant, NCPCR and Debayani Bose, media consultant NCPCR reached Kolkata last week to have a dialogue with the West Bengal administration on Child Protection issues. The NGO Shakti Vahini helped the team in Kolkata with the purpose of linking the source and destination of the human trafficking areas.A NCPCR official said that the The Anti Human Trafficking Units of West Bengal should play the pro active role in fighting this social evil. ``Meetings were organized with the NGOs working there and also with the district administration of the concerned districts.The delegation will also had a dialogue with the concerned stakeholders of child protection like medical department, education department and police,'' said the official.The delegation visited the affected districts like South 24 Parganas, Malda and Murshidabad which are most prone to child trafficking. They also met V V Thambi, DGP, CID (West Bengal) and discuss about the status of child trafficking in West Bengal. The meeting focused on the NGO-AHTU partnership of source and destination. As a part of this visit, the team also attended a programme organized by Salaap NGO in which documents related to child protection were released and also discussion on Reintegration of trafficked children took place. According to Rishi Kant of Shakti Vahini the visit is very important considering the state as most trafficked prone area and a strategy needs to be developed to combat the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15217688", "title": "75% rain deficit", "text": "LUDHIANA: After the little rainfall city experienced two days ago, the rising humidity level has left the residents sweating all day long, keeping them anxious for more rains.The weather experts of the city have, however, predicted only light rainfall in the next 24-36 hours.\"The rainfall too, is deficit in Ludhiana by about 75% as the city has received only 66mm rainfall this season, against the normal rainfall for this time of year at 232 mm,\"Assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur GillForecasting the weather for next two days, Gill said the skies would remain partially cloudy and there would be chances of light showers in next 24 hours.\"The sultry weather is giving a tough time to one and all in the city. Businessman Krishan Kumar Dang from Model Town said, \"The weather had been pleasant for two days after rains lashed the city, but the rising humidity and heat have made life difficult again. On top of that, the frequent power cuts add to the discomfort, as we sweat even inside our homes.\"A homemaker from BRS Nagar, Preeti Singh, said \"The rain god has not been very kind this year. The monsoon was quite good last year. The 75% deficit in rain indicates how hot, humid and sultry weather is in the city.\"\"We hope the rain god gets into blessing mode and lashes the city with heavy showers,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230644", "title": "Yami's learning Tamil", "text": "Post the success of the contemporary Vicky Donor, actress Yami Gautham has been riding a high wave recently having shot for a Tamil-Telugu bilingual film, Gauravam, despite not being too well-versed with the language.While the makers thought it best to shift dates so as to provide Yami with more time to gauge the language, being the thorough professional that she is, the actress decided to take it up as a challenge and learn both Tamil and Telugu simultaneously as she shot for the film.Reveals a source, \" The fact that Gauravam is bilingual didn't hinder Yami's performance one bit. Despite not being fluent in any of the South languages, Yami decided not to waste time in going through a proper coaching and instead would sit with the script and with the team and work on her lines till she got them right. By the end of it she was able to deliver the dialogues like a pro and had impressed everyone on the sets.\"Says Yami Gautham, \"Being a North Indian it was quite a challenge to learn Tamil and Telugu but I was really determined to get the basics right. Also I'm grateful that the team has been very supportive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15218685", "title": "Youth killed for protesting against rash driving", "text": "AKOLA: There was tension in the old city since Friday morning over the murder of a youth at Pola Square in broad daylight. Sachin Hiwrale (18) of Hariharpeth had objected to three motorbike-bone persons knocking down a girl. Hiwrale was on a bicycle. He asked the youths to drive slowly and carefully at the square which led to the quarrel.The motorbike riders kicked Sachin, assaulted him with knives, resulting in his death on the spot.Onlookers nabbed one of the assailants Anand alias Sarang Gaikwad, a resident of Bharti plot, and handed him over to the police. The other two assailants are absconding. Soon a mob gathered near the house of the deceased in Hariharpeth and protested his death. Police had to intervene and bring the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "15215680", "title": "PMO clears roadmap for Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Putting the ambitious Mumbai-Ahmedabad rail corridor on the fast track, the railways will constitute a project steering group to examine options for executing it.The prime minister's office ( PMO) on Friday announced a roadmap for implementation of flagship infra- structure projects, which include high-speed corridors, the elevated rail corridor for the suburban Mumbai section and redevelopment of stations.The high-speed rail corridor project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad and other six routes is technologically the most advanced railway project. A pre-feasibility study has been conducted by RITES in association with other experts.There are various alternatives for implementing the high-speed corridor project but out of all, only the special purpose vehicle (SPV) or the public-private partnership (PPP) options, seem viable, said a senior railway ministry official.The group will examine options for implementing the project and finalizing the feasible ones, suggesting ways of strengthening the capacity of railways to design and execute high-speed train projects and suggest mechanisms for quickly moving forward on chosen options.The elevated rail corridor in Mumbai, the other key infrastructure project of the railways, also got the PMO's nod. According to the official, the project will be implemented in PPP mode and a concessionaire will be finalized by March 15, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15221740", "title": "Quick remedy eludes medical admissions", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a division bench of the AP High Court on Friday delivering a split verdict on the issue of transparency in filling management quota seats in private medical colleges, the chances of students gaining entry to such colleges based on merit from this academic year appears to be bleak. The matter would now be placed before the acting chief justice who would refer the areas of controversy to a third judge for another verdict and then give the final judgment.It is not just the bench that is differing. Even the state and the NTR Health University are seemingly at loggerheads over deciding their course of action. While NTR varsity stated in its counter that it is capable of and willing to bring in transparency from this year itself, the state government, allegedly under pressure from colleges, has maintained that it can bring in a transparent era only from the next academic year.On Friday, the specially constituted bench comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice N Ravishankar differed on the steps to be taken immediately in admissions to first year MBBS and BDS courses in private non-minority medical colleges.Save Merit, an NGO, and several individuals in writ petitions before the high court had complained that there were large-scale irregularities in the process of admissions in private medical colleges and that the government was only a silent spectator. In the meanwhile, a single judge had issued a series of directions echoing the view of an earlier division bench on the procedure to be followed while making such admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15226649", "title": "Bihar to host international Buddhist conclave at Bodh Gaya", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is gearing itself to organise a first ever international Buddhist conclave in which as many as 300 scholars, historians and Buddhists and travel operators from 30 countries including from US and Europe are expected to participate at Bodh Gaya on September 30. The first day of the two-day conclave would held at Varanasi on September 29.Bihar's top officials are busy in monitoring the arrangements for the visiting international distinguished guests. CM Nitish Kumar is likely to be the chief guest on this occasion. In order to make it eventful, department of tourism, government of Bihar, has invited a tender for the event manager for organising forthcoming International Buddha Conclave. Three event management firms one from Bangalore and another from Delhi have participated in the bid. It would be finalised by early next month, said an official.The department of tourism is busy preparing a probable list of gift items to be presented to the each visiting delegates. Eco-friendly material bag and a copy of a coffee table book \"Buddha is calling\" on foot trails of Lord Buddha, pen drive of suitable capacity containing fine quality documentary film of Bodhgaya and Buddhist circuit of Bihar besides a brochure and map of Buddhist circuit.Live on- line presentation of 360 virtual tours of Buddhist pilgrimage sites (covering foot trails of Lord Buddha) during the conclave at the stall by the department). The department of tourism created an interactive website in which all the important tourists site can witnessed through its virtual tours. Now online booking of hotels and cars can be done. Bihar CM Nitish Kumar will formally inaugurate it on August 15 this year, said director Bihar tourism D K Srivastava.Gala dinner of approximate 300 persons (sitting arrangement will be in form of round table say 60 round table each with 5 chairs) in the pandal itself. The menu will be traditional Indian, continental and intercontinental (only vegetarian). It will be approved by the tourism department before organising.Momento will be given to all the participating delegates. The stone sculptor of the Patharkatti village in Aurangabad district &amp; a quality shawl printed with \"Buddham Sharanam Gacchami\" slogan-(source-from Nepura &amp; Basawanbigha villages in Nalanda district) will be gifted to the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15231525", "title": "Trouble for Thillu Mullu remake?", "text": "Recently, there was an announcement that the Rajinikanth hit Thillu Mullu would be remade with Mirchi Shiva as the lead amidst great fanfare. While the industry welcomed this, there now seems to be a setback for the makers of this remake.The makers of K Balacander film Kalakendra Productions (credited as co-producers) have asked for a stay order on the remake, with regards to issues on rights. The petition for hearing has now been posted for a later date it seems.Meanwhile, what is interesting is that the original film itself was a remake of the Hrishikesh Mukherjee comic film Golmaal that starred Amol Palekar .There were also similar issues for the Madhesh-directed Mirattal , which had first decided to opt for the name Thillu Mullu was made to go in for a different name. The makers, cleverly, used the phrase '100 % Thillu Mullu' as the tagline for the film.It is now left to see what the fate of the Mirchi Shiva film will turn out to be. The original film starred Rajnikanth, Thengai Srinivasan, Madhavi and Sowcar Janaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15219071", "title": "Tension as truck kills girl student", "text": "GONDIA: Tension prevailed as an agitated mob staged rasta roko agitation after a speeding truck knocked down a school student on Gowaritola-Brahmantola road in Salekasa tehsil on Thursday. The truck driver tried to flee from the accident scene but was nabbed by the crowd.The mishap victim, Mamata Nagose (11), a resident of Brahmantola village, studied at Primary School, Kawarabandh in Salekasa tehsil. At 10am on Thursday, when Mamata was on her way to school on Gowaritola-Brahmantola road, a speeding truck (CJ04-4511) coming from Salekasa hit her. Mamata sustained serious injuries in the mishap.Mamata was given first aid at public health centre, Kawarabandh from where she was referred to Gondia and then to Nagpur. However, she succumbed to injuries before reaching Nagpur.The truck driver, identified as Surjeetsing Bhatiya, tried to flee from the scene. A mob gathered at the accident spot and staged Rasta roko for some time. The tension eased after the truck driver was nabbed by a few from the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219265", "title": "City orphanage deemed unfit for children's stay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has found an orphanage in the city to be unfit for rearing children and recommended 125 of its inmates to be shifted to safer places.Pointing out that the orphanage Tapoban at Khandagiri, receiving handsome government grants, is in a dilapidated condition and that the children are kept in unhygienic conditions due to damage in the roof and seepage of water, the women and child development department has asked the Khurda collector to immediately relocate the children and verify the financial management of the institution. The department's July 26 letter pointed out the institution has been receiving government grant since 1984 at the rate of Rs 36,000 towards maintenance, besides Rs 750 per child. Most of the children staying in the orphanage are from the SC/ST community.The WCD missive comes in the wake of the findings of a two-member government appointed team, which visited the orphanage run by Satya Sai Seva Sangha. The team had pointed out that the damaged roof posed safety hazards for the children, while the premises were prone to water-logging and even the boundary walls were partially damaged.Khurda collector Roopa Mishra said the administration will take remedial measures as soon as it receives communication from the government. \"I am yet to receive any such letter. We will take action as recommended once we get the communication,\" she said.The government action follows the death of seven children at an anganwadi centre in Nayagarh recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15230153", "title": "Seminar on 'Film as social commentary' organized at St Aloysius College", "text": "MANGALORE: A one day seminar on 'Film as Social Commentary' will be organized at St Aloysius College here on July 30. Documentary film maker Stalin and Jawaharlal Nehru University scholar BA Samvartha will be the resource persons.\"Film, being a medium of social change, we aim through the programme to bring awareness based on two important issues - language barrier and economic disparities - among college students and general public ,\" said George Rodrigues, convenor of the seminar.\"The central theme of the seminar will be to study and analyse how films reflect our civilization, society and politics and provide commentary on issues in the society,\" he added.The seminar will be organized by 'Pathway Cell', an organisation for social justice, in association with department of mass communication and journalism of St Aloysius College. The programme is open to all and is scheduled to begin at 9.30am at Eric Mathais Hall of the college. Rodrigues said. Contact: 9986967371.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15215432", "title": "Jain community members stage protest against temple burglary", "text": "AJMER: The Jain community here on Friday staged a protest march demanding arrest of the culprits who stole four statues from the Parshavnath Jain temple on July 16.Blaming the police of inaction, the community members said even after 10 days after the burglary of the statues, the personnel are not able to get any clues of the thieves.The community members said the stolen statues were of Chandra Prabha, two of Lord Mahaveera and one of Adinath made from an eight element compound. These statues were very scared for the community, they said.\"Police assured us to find the robbers within one week, but even after ten days they do not know who robbed those statues\" said Sushil Jain, a member of the community.Seeking recovery of the statues soon, Sunil Bilwari, another member said, \"Temples are not safe and police are doing nothing.\"The protest march which passed through main roads of the city was concluded at the police headquarters here where the demonstrators demanded effective action from the police to find the stolen statues and arrest the thieves.They also submitted a memorandum to the SP in this regard.Last year, statutes were also stolen from Nala bazaar region and similar incidents happened at the temple in dargah bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15221102", "title": "'OP will definitely bring medals'", "text": "BATHINDA: Proud friends, classmates and coach of Om Prakash Singh, India's best bet in shot put and an ex-student of Malwa College in Bathinda, are busy praying for his success at the London Olympics.Though originally hailing from Lakhuwas village in Gurgaon, Om Prakash, or OP as he is known to his friends, studied in this college for three years and he practiced under the guidance of athlete and coach K P S Brar. \"OP is now in his full form,\" Brar told TOI.\"It is a proud moment for the district, that OP studied here for three years and began his power game from here. He gave splendid performance in his college days and we are very sure that he'll definitely win a medal,\" added Brar, who is president of District Athletic Association.College principal C L Singla and dean N K Gosain expressed similar sentiments, saying, OP was a good student and best athlete of college. \"He is the first shot-putter who throws above 20 meters. He'll definitely bring medals, we are very sure of that,\" added college director Darshan Singh and Malwa Physical Education College dean Raghbir Chand Sharma.There was a time when OP was a basketball player but took to shot put on the advice of his basketball coach, who was also a shot putter. He took to 7.22 kg iron ball as a shot put thrower and has since made rapid progress in the sport. He created a flutter with a record throw of 19.36m at the Junior National Games in 2005 and represented India at Junior World Championship at Beijing, where he finished sixth. He became the first Indian to win a bronze at the European Grand Prix in 2009. His personal best is 20.02m. All of 6 feet and 7 inches, and weighing 138 kgs, he is the third Indian and youngest so far to breach the 20m mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220372", "title": "Miraculous escape for Beur jailer", "text": "PATNA: Jailor of Beur Central Jail Amarjeet Singh had a providential escape on Friday afternoon when motorcycle-borne criminals opened fire at him near the jail under Beur police station. An eight-year-old boy, Anil Kumar , sustained bullet injury on his leg and was admitted to PMCH for treatment.Amarjeet said he was on way to his residence, about 100 metres away from the Beur Central jail, at around 2.50pm with his armed security guard Ravibhushan Sinha and an SAP jawan, Sanjay Kumar Singh, when he heard a deafening sound. \"As I turned back, I found three youths riding a bike, of which two had pointed pistols at me,\" he said and added that he ran back towards the jail in a spiral manner so that the bullets did not hit him.The jailer said the youths fired two rounds at him and sped towards New Bypass road. It appears to be the handiwork of some hardened criminals lodged in the jail as the jail authorities are following the jail manual strictly and not allowing any liberty to them.Singh said his security guard fired one round. The IG (prisons) later reached the jail and told him that Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj has decided to provide his bodyguard a carbine. The jailer said that he has been posted at the Beur Central Jail for the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15231667", "title": "Mumbai: Taximen want fare hike decision expedited, threaten to agitate", "text": "MUMBAI: Taximen want the fare hike decision to be expedited by the state government. Some of them have threatened to agitate if the Hakim panel recommendations are not implemented at the earliest.The panel had submitted a new formula for fare hikes to the transport department on Friday, and based on this, the new fare hikes for taxis as well as autorickshaws can be decided. The panel had recommended two new formulae--one each for taxi and auto. Sources said several new factors have been included for computing a hike in future.\"We have been eagerly waiting for the new formula as the old one, set in the '90s, is outdated,'' said a taxi union leader. He stated that the new formula will incorporate the huge capital costs, the cost of living index for drivers in 2012, the increasing costs of maintaining CNG engines, the spiralling costs of spare parts, etc. \"We are certain that we will get at least one to two rupee hike if the formula is accepted by the government,'' he said.When contacted, state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma told TOI : \"We have just received the detailed report from former union secretary PMA Hakim. The government will study it minutely and decide whether to accept it or not. If accepted, we will then put it before the MMRTA to discuss on the new fare hikes.\" He clarified that the Hakim panel had not suggested any fare hike. \"They have just given us a formula,'' he stated.The panel was set up around three months ago to devise the new formulae. It has been asked to submit the formulae for the metric system of meter reading--which is base fare for 1 km instead of existing 1.6 km.The panel had also conducted a survey of autos and taxis in Mumbai and found out the expenses incurred by drivers per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15219854", "title": "'New law to protect water bodies soon'", "text": "PORVORIM: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco sought the assembly's support to ask the government to take immediate steps to protect water bodies like lakes, ponds, traditional nullahs etc by enacting a suitable legislation to prevent their misuse.He called upon minister for water resources Dayanand Mandrekar to ask his department to identify water bodies and list them in the Regional Plan 2021. Stating that the situation was getting bad, Lourenco suggested that there should be a buffer zone from the water body so that no construction would be permitted close by.Agreeing with Lourenco, Mandrekar said that a new regulation involving the departments concerned should be formulated so that strict action can be taken against illegal structures or damage done to water bodies. Following Mandrekar's assurance, the Curtorim MLA withdrew his resolution.Lourenco explained how constructions are rampant over traditional nullahs, and Mandrekar responded saying that the town and country planning department and village panchayats give permissions for constructions.Mandrekar also assured St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh that he would take action within a week against a five-starred hotel accused of putting a concrete slab over a traditional nullah at Bambolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15221113", "title": "Teenagers steal own family gold to meet personal needs", "text": "PATIALA: In an incident which shows increasing criminal tendency among teenagers to meet their personal needs, Mullepur police recovered total 9 tolas of gold worth Rs 3 lakh on information given by teenagers, who stole the precious metal from their own houses.The four teenagers, all 14 to 15 years of age, committed the crime only to purchase mobiles, a motorcycle, good clothes, shoes and costly perfumes. Aware that the sale of stolen gold may land them in trouble if the purchaser gets suspicious, they mortgaged the gold to various persons on the pretext of arranging money for their ailing family members.While the theft was carried out by two of them at their respective homes in last six months, the other two helped them in mortgaging the stolen gold. \"The families remained unaware of the theft for many months as the youths used to steal one item at a time (like finger ring, ear rings),\" said SHO of Mullepur police station Jaswinder Tiwana. When their families asked them about the things they bought, they simply told them that were borrowed from friends for some days.But when the two families finally started finding gold ornaments going missing, initially they suspected it to be some supernatural phenomenon and even approached some godman. But some days back, some relatives convinced them to approach the police.\"After getting a written complaint, when the boys were questioned about their mobile phones and other things they could not give any satisfactory reply. During further investigations they told the truth and we have recovered all gold items and handed it over to their families,\" said the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218701", "title": "Krishna writes to PM, junks Anna charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a detailed response sent to the PM and Anna Hazare over the last two days, external affairs minister S M Krishna has rubbished allegations of corruption and wrongdoing levelled against him by Team Anna. \"I would like to conclude by emphatically denying all the allegations made in the letters. It is unfortunate that the allegations made are based on erroneous information, wrong facts, incorrect understanding and convenient interpretations to discredit me,\" Krishna told Hazare in his letter on Friday.Officials said the former Karnataka CM also sent a detailed response on Thursday to the PM on the allegations.\"I am a little surprised and confused that you and your colleagues take objection to even my approaching the Hon'ble Supreme Court contesting the baseless allegations made against me ,\" he said in the letter to Hazare.Krishna said Justice Santosh Hegde, in his report as Lokayukta of Karnataka, \"has not made any adverse comments, much less indicted me on any count\". He said it was totally false to suggest that the Lokayukta report contained material holding him culpable.On the allegations that as CM, he de-reserved forests for mining, Krishna said, \"I would like to reiterate that let alone recommending any case from the de-reserved category of mineral bearing areas, not even the preliminary hearing under Rule 26(1) of Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 was taken up for consideration during my tenure as chief minister. I also understand that even till date, no mining lease has been granted in respect of any area included in the de-reserved list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15220997", "title": "Land shadow on Bokaro Steel Limited expansion project", "text": "BOKARO: When Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), a unit of Steel Authourity of India Limited (SAIL), is preparing for expansion to increase its productivity and joined hands with POSCO for setting up new steel plant in its surroundings, the displaced people of the area are demanding that the their land which was lying unused after being acquired by the company should be returned.This would not only cast shadow on the expansion work of the BSL and investment plans of POSCO but setting up of proposed power plant of SAIL in joint venture with BPSCL or NSPCL will also suffer. BSL is working towards enhancing its production capacity from present 4.5 MT to 17.5 MT by 2020.The displaced masses of the BSL are also prepared to disrupt construction of boundary wall or infrastructure by the BSL on its acquired land.This came to fore when on Friday a five-member special legislative committee headed by Gomia MLA Madhavlal Singh visited more than 12 villages of rehabilitated people and met the displaced persons. The displaced people in each village demanded that their land be returned.The committee comprising Dumri MLA Jaggarnath Mahto, Baghmara MLA Dullu Mahto, Barkatta MLA Amit Yadav and Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak visited the areas to ascertain the ground reality of development claimed by the BSL. The committee will submit a report in this regard in the assembly.The displaced people told the committee members that they had given their land to the BSL for setting up steel plant and related amenities and not for squatters.The committee members visited Bathua, Chophan, Rani Pokhar, Baidmara, Mahuar, Piprataad, Kundauri, Bodrotaad, Balidih and other areas. These are the areas where expansion of the plant is to be done or POSCO is supposed to come up. \"The displaced people have lost faith on the BSL and are demanding their lands back,\" said Rajak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218213", "title": "Agencies track illegal payoff to defence dealer Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: A multi-agency probe into defence dealer Abhishek Verma's activities has tracked his transactions in India, part of a payoff of $530,000 he had allegedly received in his US-based company Ganton's account from Swiss firm Rheinmetall Air Defence.Sources said Verma used a debit card in India to withdraw money deposited by Ganton in another of his accounts. Officials probing the case confirmed that these transactions were linked to the alleged $530,000 payoff paid to Verma's Ganton which was later transferred to his account.Authorities are probing Verma's links with defence officials and politicians, and are trying to establish links using his banking details. The withdrawal of his Ganton money may prove crucial in linking alleged payoffs received from defence firms for his connections in the defence ministry. The alleged payoff was made by the Swiss firm on the promise that Verma would use his influence with the Ordnance Factory Board to remove a ban on Rheinmetall.The government had put three agencies \u2014 CBI, enforcement directorate and income tax department \u2014 on the job of tracking Verma's connections in the defence ministry and details of his bank transactions, and if they were in any way linked to defence payoffs.The investigation began after Verma's estranged US partner in Ganton, attorney C Edmond Allen, distributed papers containing details of alleged payoffs received by Verma in some defence deals amounting to $400 million.Allen had also written to the defence minister giving details of employees who were working in Ganton India, a subsidiary of the US parent company, and networking in the defence ministry on a regular basis.The CBI, which arrested Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Neacsu, is in the process of filing a chargesheet by next month. While the tax department is investigating domestic banking transactions of the accused, the ED and the CBI are probing overseas transactions. CBI sources said they have dispatched a letter rogatory to home ministry which will forward it to the US seeking details about transactions and also statement of Verma's former partner Allen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15220580", "title": "Indigenous cattle Malnad Gidda gets national breed status", "text": "SHIMOGA: The famous dwarf variety of native cattle found throughout the Malnad region, considered rare for its strength to withstand harsh climate conditions of the hilly terrain of Western Ghats has been recognised by the National Bureau of Genetic Resources (NBGR) of the Indian Council of Agriculture Research as a registered breed variety of the country.'Malnad Gidda', the small-sized dwarf variety in Shimoga, Chikmagalur, Udupi, Mangalore and North Canara districts, are about 10 lakh to 12 lakh in number as per the livestock census. They are smaller in size, with a compact body weight of less than 100 kg and have the ability to withstand heavy downpour and hot summers of Western Ghats, making them highly resistant to diseases.Malnad Gidda found in every house here has played a major role in promoting the economy of the region. Considering its importance, the government allocated Rs 2 crore in the 2009 budget to protect and develop this breed by setting up a research centre at Sagar. The work was entrusted to the College of Veterinary Sciences, Shimoga, and also to KLDA (Karnataka Livestock Development Agency), an independent body. The research institute, however, is yet to come up.Meanwhile, the KLDA sent the findings of its research to NBGR in New Delhi and insisted that a national breed status be accorded on the breed. The national body has approved the demand by providing a breed accession number to the cattle.According to Prof K P Ramesh, senior scientist of Southern campus at National Dairy Research Institute in Bangalore, the rare honour to Malnad Gidda is an important milestone in conserving and developing these rare indigenous cattle of the region.After learning of the national status accorded to Malnad Gidda, villagers and farmers of the region have urged the government to establish the proposed research institute at Sagar immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15229457", "title": "PM's helicopter returns to Guwahati due to technical problem", "text": "GUWAHATI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's helicopter returned midway from a flight to strife-torn Kokrajhar district on Saturday due to a technical problem.The Prime Minister's helicopter returned 15 minutes after take off from the Lokopriyo Bordoloi International Airport here, official sources said.Initial reports said the Prime Minister's helicopter and two others with his entourage returned to the airport because of bad weather, but airport authority sources later said that the cause was a technical problem the details of which could only be confirmed by the PMO's office.Later, the Prime Minister left Lokopriyo Gopinath International Airport at 12:3 pm for Kokrajhar in an another helicopter. The PM was accompanied by Assam governor J B Patnaik, chief minister Tarun Gogoi, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh, Assam Pradesh congress committee president Bhubaneswar Kalita and senior state government officials.\"I have come here to share your sorrow and pain,\" the PM told riot victims in Kokrajhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215063", "title": "Bail for Jigna Vora in J Dey murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major jolt to the prosecution in the J Dey murder case, a special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court on Friday granted bail to accused scribe Jigna Vora.In a hearing that was closed to media and Jigna's family, special Judge S M Modak granted bail to the journalist eight months after she was arrested in November. She is unlikely to be released from prison until Monday.While granting bail, the court took into consideration the fact that she has a child and is a single parent. \"She does not have a criminal record. Moreover, the evidence against her would not hold in court. Even the forensic laboratory failed to retrieve details of calls allegedly made by Jigna from her mobile phone to fugitive don Chhota Rajan, who was claimed to have ordered Dey's killing,\" a defence lawyer said.Jigna was granted bail on a cash surety of Rs 1 lakh and personal surety. The court has directed Jigna to report to the crime branch twice a month and submit her passport to the police. She has also been directed not to tamper with evidence or influence witnesses. \"The court has restrained her from speaking to the media,\" an officer said.On Monday, the prosecution had told the court that the forensic lab could not retrieve certain text messages allegedly deleted by Jigna from her mobiles.The forensic science laboratory (FSL) of Kalina submitted that it lacked the equipment and software to retrieve the deleted data. The police are still awaiting the forensic report of a laptop and a few other cellphones. Even the email details requested from Google are yet to arrive from the US.Jigna had moved court for bail in March on the grounds that the case had no strong evidence against her and was based on circumstantial evidence. Her lawyer had also told the court that she suffered from acute asthma and other ailments.Jigna's mother, who was waiting outside the court room, burst into tears and expressed relief when she heard the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220391", "title": "Fee row: Stir at Nirma intensifies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The parent's fight with the Nirma University management over Rs 55,000 hike in the fee of pharmacy under-graduate courses intensified on Friday as the parents refused to pay fee on the final day of payment declared by the management!The management had given an ultimatum to the parents that they should pay the fee on Friday. Officials had even offered the parents the option of taking educational loan and had said that the interest component will be paid off by the university.Parents however refused to budge from their stance that the excessive fee hike should be rolled back by the university. They said that a hike of Rs 55,000 increased the fee from Rs 75,000 to Rs 1,30,000. Management of the university said that there is no question of fee hike being rolled back as it has been announced by the Fee Regulatory Committee.The next step of the parents who are on strike since a couple of days will be revealed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221310", "title": "Mayor takes journos on CDH tour, official snatches camera", "text": "CHENNAI: After denying cases of cholera for several days before medical reports provided confirmation, Chennai Corporation now appears to be exceeding its brief in dealing with the media. A senior TOI photographer, who tried to click photographs of patients in the Communicable Diseases Hospital at Tondiarpet had his camera snatched by joint commissioner (health) Pooja Kulkarni. She then abused the journalist.On Friday, when 22 more patients were admitted with diarrhoea in the city, mayor Saidai Duraisamy invited journalists to accompany him to CDH where he wanted to show them \"how well patients are recovering and how good our hospital is.\" At the hospital, reporters were told to surrender their mobile phones and cameras.When the corporation photographer started taking pictures from the door, TOI photographer C Suresh Kumar took the cue and began clicking through a window. Without warning, Kulkarni snatched the camera from him and threatened to remove the microchip unless he deleted the pictures. Even as the mayor tried to pacify the officer saying, \"leave it, we are not hiding anything,\" Kulkarni kept shouting that Kumar was \"intruding on the patient's privacy.\" Later, corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan wrote to TOI, complaining that the journalist showed \"disrespect for patient privacy.\"It is important to note that patient privacy, as a matter of ethics, is observed in cases of diseases that carry a social stigma. TOI's efforts to report on the cholera situation are to present and analyse standards of public sanitation and hygiene. The commissioner and his overzealous colleague may be aware that in the past the corporation has taken journalists on conducted tours of spruced-up civic hospitals where officials and politicians have posed for pictures with patients, regardless of their medical condition. In any case, on Friday, none of the patients or their relatives protested.Incidentally, by the corporation's own admission, 20 more patients were admitted to CDH and two to Kilpauk Medical College on Friday. So far four have tested positive for cholera and 312 diagnosed with acute diarrhoeal disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215835", "title": "Cop slaps teenager for driving in wrong lane", "text": "MUMBAI: A 19-year-old biker and his 21-year-old friend, who was riding pillion, were roughed up by a constable in Borivli (W) for riding in the wrong lane. The youth, Abhinandan Mishra, ended up with a swollen face and had to seek medical assistance.Departmental action has been taken against the constable, Vishwajeet Phadke, said regional additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar.A resident of Ganpat Patil Nagar in Borivli, Mishra works as a hardware technician. Around 9pm on July 15, Mishra and his friend Shrikant Pal were travelling on the Link Road when their bike almost ran out of fuel. \"I switched on the parking light and started driving towards a petrol pump at a slow speed. I admit I was driving on the wrong side. A mobile van from the MHB Colony police station was patrolling the stretch and came towards us. A constable got off and slapped me on my face without even talking to me. He refused to hear us out and roughed me and Pal up,\" Mishra told TOI.Mishra and Pal were hauled to the MHB Colony police station in the mobile van, while another cop fetched their bike.\"I paid the fine at the police station. By this time, I had started feeling uneasy. My face had swollen and there was slight pain in my chest. I couldn't afford going to a private clinic so I went to Bhagwati hospital in Borivli, where doctors gave me an injection and prescribed antibiotics for the swelling on my face. All this while, I couldn't understand why the constable had beaten us up,\" Mishra said.The fine for riding a bike on the wrong side is Rs 100. It can go up to Rs 500 if the driver is found to be reckless as well. If the offender is unable to pay up the fine, he is taken to a police station and his driving licence could be seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15226885", "title": "Kumki", "text": "Kumki is a movie produced by Lingusamy and stars Prabhu's son, Vikram Prabhu, and Lakshmi Menon. The grandson of Sivaji Ganesan makes his debut in this flick directed by Prabu Solomon. It is the intense love story of an elephant trainer played by Vikram. In this film, Vikram plays the role of a mahout. Kumki refers to an elephant that is trained to keep away rogue elephants from the village. The movie has been shot extensively in the forests of Kerala and Karnataka. In order to shoot he climax of the film which involved elephants destroying the land, the producers bought two acres of land to film this.Lakshmi Menon makes her Tamil debut in this film and a romantic song was picturised in Jog Falls in Karnataka for this flick.Music for the film is by D. Imman and the story and screenplay are by Prabu Solomon. The audio of the movie was recently launched where both Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth attended to give Sivaji Ganesan's grandson their blessings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15219915", "title": "CM: Will ensure the right use of agricultural land", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar assured the house that the government will not allow agricultural land which was sold during the last five years to be used for any purpose other than agriculture.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, during the question hour, demanded that the government revert agricultural land sold during the last five years.Replying to Pacheco, Parrikar said that \"We cannot revert land which is sold but we will make sure that the land is not allowed to be used for any other purpose.\"Replying to another query, Parrikar said that there is a move by the government to ban the sale of agricultural land and conversion, and in this regard, the government will come up with appropriate legislation in this assembly session itself. \"I strongly believe that agriculture land should not be allowed to be converted,\" he said.The chief minister also said that the government is in touch with experts to start an agriculture school in the state, if not a college.Parrikar asserted that the government is intending to start farmers' markets, which can provide platforms for traditional farmers to sell their agricultural products. \"The government is planning to achieve 6% agriculture growth,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15217948", "title": "Light rain likely to rein in humidity", "text": "LUDHIANA: After the little rainfall city experienced two days ago, the rising humidity level has left the residents sweating all day long, keeping them anxious for more rains. The weather experts of the city have, however, predicted only light rainfall in the next 24-36 hours.Assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur Gill said, \"The humidity levels recorded in morning and evening hours are 75% and 60%, which is 5% and 10% more than normal.\" Though the maximum temperature is around normal at 35 degrees Celsius, but the minimum temperature is four degrees higher than normal at 25 degrees celsius for this time of the year, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220364", "title": "Court seeks report on missing kids by Aug 31", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday directed the state government to submit its further report on efforts taken to trace back missing children by August 31.Justice R H Shukla sought further report on the campaign launched by the state police and especially the city police after much uproar created following reports of children going missing earlier this year.In its recent report placed before the court, the government revealed figures about kids that could be traced back during last one month.In June, the government informed the court that cops had successfully traced 424 missing persons and majority of them were kids. The HC intervened in this issue after it received a complaint from a widow from Amreli, Gangaben Bagda, and alleging inaction on part of local police authority to trace out his 22-year-old son, who had gone missing two years ago.The court asked Amreli police to lodge an FIR and start probe on Bagda's complaint. Her lawyer Mrudul Barot submitted to the court that the cops were not acting on her client's complaint and even after a couple of months, none of those she had accused for mysterious disappearance of her son has been arrested. The HC also ordered action against some of the cops found responsible for the delay in investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215526", "title": "Centre asks states to frame bustard conservation plan", "text": "JAIPUR: With the bustard population declining alarmingly in the state and elsewhere in the country, the Union ministry of forest and environment has sought an action plan from the states where the bird is found, for its conservation.India is home to four species of bustards - Great Indian Bustard, Lesser Florican, Bengal Florican and Houbara Bustard. Since the past few decades, the population of these four bustard species has been dwindling very fast in the country.Looking at the critical situation and the high probability of extinction in the near future, the ministry has identified the three bustard species - Great Indian Bustard, Lesser Florican and Bengal Florican - under the Species Recovery component of the Centrally Sponsored Scheme-Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats (CSS-IDWH).For Rajasthan it is the Great Indian Bustard (GIB), the state bird, which is a matter of concern. It has already been classified 'Critically Endangered', the highest level of threat identified by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). The winter count of the GIB in the state was registered at 89, a mere shadow of the pride that the state held once for having more than half of the its entire population in the country. The bird, found only in India, has its presence also in Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka.According to the guidelines sent by the Centre to the state, an action plan is to be constituted for a period of 5-10 years indicating the year-wise activities to be undertaken so as to review the progress annually.As a first step, the state needs to constitute a Bustard Conservation Committee (BCC) comprising officials from the forest department, NGOs and panchayat members among others. There may be one committee for a whole habitat landscape and it will help in preparing and executing the plan.The committee needs to survey areas for identifying breeding, nesting, roosting and non-breeding areas, major land-use pattern in these areas, and list of specific area-wise threats to the bustard species.Plans have also been floated for undertaking breeding programme, by forming a trained workforce for conservation of the bird and preparation of bustard gene banks. 'Critical Bustard Sites' will be declared as inviolate and no activities shall be allowed, especially during the breeding seasons. An area of 5 km radius around such sites will also be declared as \"minimal infrastructure zone\" so as to prevent mortality due to bird hits and disturbances to the birds.Use of contemporary techniques such as satellite telemetry program and micro-chips to understand the seasonal movement patterns and life history of the species have been proposed with the participation of local communities.The entire programme will be funded by the Union ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15230172", "title": "Tablet for 7th plus graders launched", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister R Ashoka launched 'Pustak', tablet specifically designed to meet the learning needs of Graders 7 plus both CBSE and state board syllabus.The 'Pustak' tablet has interactive multimedia animation in two subjects - Science and Mathematics. \"Our idea is to give education not in text and graphic form but in form of interactive multimedia animation,\" said Pranay Misra, Global CEO of Nanotel Technologies. The tablets are priced from Rs 7,000 to Rs 14,000.\"The education content is embedded on to the tablet to help students for easy access since there are issues of Internet access and downloading in the non-metro cities. Besides, tablet will have apps store, where the student can access model questions papers and test modules that will help in preparation of examinations,\" Pranay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217495", "title": "Pay heavy price for not taking care of teeth", "text": "BANGALORE: Is your child three years old? Then it's time for a dental check-up.Ignoring regular check-ups could result in your child losing permanent teeth (at least one) by the age of 30. Not maintaining oral hygiene, eating junk food and contracting diabetes at early age results in teeth loss as early as 35 years, say city dentists.Policewoman Navya Patil, 29, paid a heavy price of not maintaining oral hygiene. Navya (name changed) was fond of sweets, but wouldn't brush teeth after eating. This resulted in dental cavities very early. She also didn't go to a dentist. She got married at 24. After 3 years, she lost about six teeth within a year and lost all her teeth in next two. Her husband divorced her and she's had to use dentures.Says Dr C Jagadeesh, president, Indian Dental Association, Karnataka chapter: \"Dental cavities are seen in children as young as two years, mainly because they're not taught how to brush their teeth. Also, eating junk food and drinking colas can cause cavities. If ignored at a young age, it can result in losing teeth by the age of 30-35 years.\"Dentists are treating much younger patients now. \"I see at least 100 patients every month who are around 30 years and have lost at least one tooth. It's because there's no awareness about oral hygiene. We go to a dentist only if we have a toothache. Parents don't bring children only if their teeth aren't growing properly,\" said Dr D Shrinidhi, president, Indian Dental Association, Bangalore chapter.Increase in incidence of diabetes and use of smokeless tobacco have also resulted in dental loss at a young age. \"Everyone must use a toothpaste with proper quantity of fluoride. Using a proper brush, preferably soft and sensitive, to clean teeth is a must. Lack of Vitamin C and increased use of gutka and khaini among youngsters have increased tooth loss at early age,\" said Dr Sachin Sinha, assistant professor, department of oral pathology, Rajarajeshwari Dental College.Beware of milk bottle\"Keeping a milk bottle in the mouth overnight and then not cleaning the teeth can cause cavities in a child even at 2 years. If parents neglect this problem, the child will start losing milk teeth by 6, while the ideal age for this is 8-10 years. This will also make permanent teeth unhealthy and result in tooth loss at a very early age,\" said Dr C Jagadeesh.Regular check-upsGo for regular dental check-ups at least once in a year. If you have developed cavities then it is advisable to visit a dentist twice a year. Also parents must take the child for a first dental check-up at the age of 3. Even schools must make it compulsory for every child to undergo regular dental check-ups, advised the dentists.Tips for oral hygiene* Brush teeth twice a day with any toothpaste* Don't use tooth powder or charcoal powder* Eat lots of fruits and vegetables.* Avoid junk food and colas* Gargle after every meal* Wash your mouth after drinking tea or coffee* Visit a dentist regularly* Clean your tongue twice a dayHow to brush?* Use the right toothbrush, preferably soft or sensitive brush* Brush teeth twice a day for 2-3 minutes* Avoid brushing for longer time* Don't brush too hard or too often* Don't start brushing from same side; change sides every day* Don't skip inner teeth and thoroughly rinse after brushing* Let toothbrush dry after using it* Avoid brushing horizontally. Brush upper teeth in lower direction and vice-versa* Change your brush every 3-4 months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219236", "title": "Are CBSE teachers getting a raw deal: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday directed the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) to furnish details of methods to check whether schools under the board are paying salaries to teachers in accordance with its bylaw.Additional advocate general K A Jaleel told the HC that CBSE bylaw requires managements to pay teachers at par with the salary structure prevailing at state board schools.All CBSE schools must secure a no objection certificate (NOC) from the state government. The state government is insisting that NOCs would be issued only if a CBSE school has a minimum of 300 students and three acres of land. A HC single bench had ruled that the government's demand was unreasonable and the latter has filed an appeal against the ruling.Friday's interim direction was issued by a division bench comprising Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice C K Abdul Rehim. Observing that many teachers have resorted to strikes at some of the schools, the court instructed the managements of around 70 CBSE schools to submit details of salaries being paid to teachers employed under them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219269", "title": "State opts for e-payment from August 1", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will launch the new system of electronic disbursement of government payments from August 1. The new system, which is being launched in collaboration with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), aims to benefit government employees, vendors, suppliers and other payees and ensure transparency in all financial transactions and accelerating the pace of payment.Minister for finance Prafulla Chandra Ghadei, who will inaugurate the new system said, the government would take this new step after successful launching of the e-payment of commercial taxes. This system has helped various corporate houses, traders, professionals to pay their taxes like VAT, CST, OST, professional tax, Entry tax and Entertainment tax online through the website of State Bank of India , he said.The electronic Fund Management System (e-FMS) launched by the RBI for Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) beneficiaries, meanwhile, has also become operational at some selected districts in the state, said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221683", "title": "Online services in 8 govt departments from August 1", "text": "VARANASI: Under the national e-governance scheme, 26 services of eight government departments will be available online in first phase through Jan Seva Kendra in Varanasi from August 1.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari instructed the officials to complete all works for the proper functioning of online services. Taking serious notice of non-availability of digital signatures of five block development officers (BDOs) and district danchayatijar officer in Varanasi, the commissioner asked them to provide their digital signatures. He ordered adverse entries against these officials if they failed to provide the digital signature on Friday. He also warned the district supply officer and BDO of Shahabganj in Chandauli for not providing digital signatures.Regarding the creation of Jan Seva Kendra/Lokvani Kendra, Tiwari was informed that 393 out of 567 centres were created in Jaunpur district, 164 centres out of 271 in Chandauli district and 333 centres out of 576 were created in Ghazipur district. Only in Varanasi, all 218 centres have been established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218089", "title": "Citizens take initiative to clean river Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: Civil society members under the banner of Lok Adhikar Manch will launch a campaign to save river Gomti from pollution.The campaign will begin on August 1 and will continue till August 9. As per LAM members, cadets of 5, 10, 19, 63, 64, and 68 UP/BN of NCC,100 units of NSS, Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC), Lucknow University Teachers' Association, LU Employees' Association, students of technical and professional colleges along with officials of nagar nigam, jal nigam will participate in the campaign.Talking to reporters on Friday, Anil Singh from LAM said, \"Gomti is our lifeline and we need to save it from getting polluted. Lucknow is known for its tehzeeb and the dirt in the river will tarnish our image.\" On July 31, students and civil society members will gather at Kudiya Ghat and take an oath to make Gomti clean and not to throw polythene in it.The cleaning will be followed at all banks of river Gomti spread across the city till August 9. The event will be attended by Kalbe Sadiq, city mayor Dinesh Sharma and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15228572", "title": "Free education to ten girls under Kalpana Chawla Ladli scheme", "text": "HISAR: Ten girls will be provided free education under the 'Kalpana Chawla Ladli' scheme to be launched by the father of Indian-American astronaut Kalpana Chawla, who was killed in the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster on February 1, 2003.Under the scheme of the Kalpana Chawla Group of Institutions at Hisar, free education will be provided to eight girls in the IT sector and two girls in B.Ed college.The scheme will also give an opportunity to two girls every year to visit NASA and USA.The astronaut's father B L Chawla would launch the scheme here on August 8 next and he would also interact with the boys and girls of the Institutions, chairman of the Group Sunil Sharma told reporters on Friday.\"Kalpana Chawla has been a role-model for the girls. The youths would know about her life from her father and imbibe those virtues which took her to such heights that the world praised her talent and courage,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221709", "title": "India a global economic player: Powell", "text": "VARANASI: US ambassador to India Nancy J Powell believes that with stronger trade and investment as a foundation, her country and India can form strategic partnerships to bring greater economic growth, development and stability in south Asia. She welcomed Indian investments in America and at the same time advocated new policies and economic reforms for India to return to faster growth.The US ambassador is in the city on a three-day visit. Addressing a dinner meeting hosted by UP branch of Indo-American Chamber of Commerce on Thursday night, the US diplomat described India as a global economic player and said that in recent years, it has been the world's second fastest growing economy after China. It is projected to become the world's third largest economy by the year 2025. As the global economy slowed in 2011, India's GDP growth slowed with it to seven per cent.\"Yet despite the economic challenges we all faced over the past year, each day, my embassy colleagues and I are uncovering new ways to link one of the world's fastest-growing economies with the world's largest economy - the United States,\" said Powell.\"At this crucial moment in the global economic recovery, we have a unique opportunity to lead together through what President Obama has called one of the 'defining partnerships of the 21st century',\" she said adding that a critical part of this partnership is a deeper engagement on trade, investment and commercial issues. \"Already, we have elevated our commercial relationship to the strategic level,\" Powell said adding, \"Last year, our goods exports topped $21 billion. Our total bilateral trade in goods and services is expected to reach $100 billion this year. India has leapt from our 25th largest trading partner to 13th largest in just over a decade.\" For India to return to faster growth, new policies and economic reforms need to be put in place by the government in areas such as opening multi-brand retail to foreign direct investment.\"With stronger trade and investment as a foundation, we can look to do even more. Our businesses can form strategic partnerships to bring greater economic growth, development and stability to countries in South Asia,\" she said. The two countries can work together to ensure the best possible infrastructure in India.\"In particular, US companies want to play a role in the ambitious Five Year Plan to build India's infrastructure. I believe that American and Indian businesses can work together to help pave the roads, lay the rails, build the airports and bring energy to people throughout India. I will welcome a sizeable infrastructure services trade mission to India in October this year,\" she said.Powell said that the US private sector has expressed concerns about long-standing business challenges in India, including high tariff and non-tariff barriers, restrictions on foreign investment, lack of transparency and defense offset requirements.She stated that in business interactions, her aim is to foster stronger and more balanced bilateral investment. The US companies have directly invested $30 billion in India over the years. Building on a base of $8.6 billion, Indian business investment in the US during fiscal year 2011-12 was less than $1 billion. The United States represents an opportunity and a source for future growth of the Indian companies.The good news is that an increasing number of India's businesses are seeing the benefits of choosing US for next investment. Nearly 49 per cent of the high-tech start-ups in Silicon Valley and Washington D.C. are owned by Indians or Indian-Americans, Powell said.\"We want to empower more investors to explore our market via the commerce department's SelectUSA initiative. Through SelectUSA, our commercial service offices here in India will help Indian businesses that want to expand their global reach and build on success by investing in America. So my message to India's business leaders is absolutely clear: We welcome your investments in America.Our commercial relationship is multi-dimensional and a two-way street. And I am confident that working together, we can reduce or even eliminate our challenges in order to take full advantage of the immense opportunities. If we are successful, we will help usher in an era of greater prosperity for people in both the countries,\" she said.Earlier, S K Sarkar, IACC regional president, New Delhi, made a presentation on 'Indo US Business Relations - Prospects'. The welcome address was delivered by Mukul Kumar Shah, chairman, IACC, UP branch, Varanasi. Ashok Kapoor, past chairman, IACC. UP Branch, Varanasi conducted the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218992", "title": "SC may look into problem of migration", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when ethnic strife troubles many districts of lower Assam, the Supreme Court on Friday expressed its reluctance to take up for hearing immediately a sensitive issue raised by a PIL \u2014 protect Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs and Christians who have been compelled to take shelter in India, particularly in Assam.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi told petitioner NGO \"Swajan\" to either move the Guwahati high court if it intended to keep the problem limited to Assam or make other northeastern states, facing similar influx of migrants from Bangladesh, party to the PIL.Appearing for the NGO, senior advocate M N Krishnamani said it would be more effective if the apex court heard the PIL and sought adjournment to include other states as respondents along with Union government and Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15220670", "title": "Bangladesh foreign secretary in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: Bangladesh foreign secretary Mijarul Quayes, accompanied by nine top officials, is on a two-day Tripura visit to strengthen bilateral relations in socio-economic and education sectors.Quayes, who arrived here on Thursday, met Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar and also interacted with the students of Tripura University followed by addressing a seminar titled \"South Asian States: Future directions\" before leaving.On Wednesday, he had visited Assam and met chief minister Tarun Gogoi and held discussions on illegal immigration in the state and assured him that Dhaka would do everything possible to help India deal with the immigration problem.Quayes told the media that Dhaka understands the importance of friendly relations between NE states and Bangladesh for the development of trade, tourism, communication and other opportunities in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217365", "title": "Mumbai may not get enough funds for HIV", "text": "MUMBAI: The city that has been tagged as the HIV capital of India may not get adequate funds this year. Experts working to bring down the disease fear the National AIDS Control Programme (NACP) will provide less funds for the city.Other states need more money to tackle HIV in NACP IV, said Dr Kishore Kshirsagar, project director, Mumbai District AIDS Control Society (MDACS).Dr Balkrisna Adsul, additional project director, MDACS, said funding will decrease as the HIV control programme will be part of general health. \"It is the best thing that has happened as part of the AIDS control programme. By including HIV in general health, discrimination will be minimized,\" he said. In 2011, 12,944 Mumbaikars were diagnosed sero-positive as compared to 1,73,016 in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220689", "title": "Commuter groups demand tighter security on trains", "text": "PUNE: Expressing deep shock about the second train robbery near Pune in two days, passengers' organizations in the city demanded tighter security measures on running trains, especially at night.The commuters' organizations said on Friday that daily travelling has become insecure. There is a large presence of unauthorized vendors, ticketless passengers and miscreants on the trains. Hardly any security system is seen. This situation should be changed to make journeys safer.On Wednesday, a gang of six dacoits robbed gold ornaments and cash from passengers on the Jodhpur-Pune express train between Lonavla and Chinchwad. A similar incident took place on the Goa-Hazarat Nizamuddin express on Friday between Vathar and Saswad stations on the Pune-Kolhapur route. Both the incidents took place in general compartments in the early morning hours. The robbers had threatened passengers and also attacked some of them with knives.\"The incidents are shocking. It seems there is no security staff on the trains in Pune division. The administration should take a serious note of these robberies and take corrective measures immediately,\" said Anil Lakhane, a regular traveller on the Pune-Mumbai route.Harsha Shah of the Railway Pravasi Group said the railway administration cannot put the entire responsibility of security on the police department. \"The railways should beef up vigil at stations and restrict entry of ticketless people on trains. A team of two or three security persons and a guard is not sufficient to handle the security of a train that has more than 1,000 commuters. The Pune station needs additional manpower to take care of security as more than 150 trains travel via/ from Pune every day,\" she said.Currently, the government railway police (GRP) and the railway protection force (RPF) provide security to trains in Pune division. At least two to four security personnel are deployed in every train.Hemant Tapale of the Pune Mumbai Pravasi Sangh said that presence of GRP and RPF should be increased in trains and at stations. \"Besides long distance trains, the local trains also require security. The railways should provide hotline numbers for passengers to establish contact in emergency situations,\" he added.RPF to increase vigil on trainsA senior official of the railway protection force (RPF) said security would be beefed on trains that were vulnerable to offenses and unauthorized activities, although there was a staff crunch.\"RPF Pune division has deployed 36 personnel on trains. The squads travel between Pune and Kolapur and between Pune and Daund. We will now ask the on duty RPF staff to provide their contact numbers to passengers so that the passengers can contact them in case of emergency. We will also see that every train has four security personnel - two each at front and back sections,\" the official said.Meanwhile, top officials the of Pune railway division expressed concern about the train robberies. Additional divisional manager A K Gupta said, \"We will write a letter to the government railway police to beef up security and check unauthorized activities on long distance trains.\"According to the railway administration, there are some vulnerable locations in Pune division such as Kedgaon-Patas and Uruli, wherein dacoities had taken place. However, the recent incidents were shocking as there was hardly any dacoity on the Pune-Lonavla and Vathar-Saswad sections earlier, Gupta said.The incident will be taken up with top level authorities, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15222795", "title": "Murdered 7-yr-old was raped, say cops", "text": "GURGAON: Police said on Friday that the seven-year-old girl whose body was found along the expressway on Thursday must have been killed after she protested against sexual abuse. Her postmortem report shows that she was strangled. While police said it was most probably a case of rape before murder, doctors said that her swab has been sent to the forensic lab to confirm the rape. Police have taken into custody a rickshaw puller and are interrogating him.The girl's body was identified by her mother, who works as a domestic help in a house in DLF III and is a native of 24 Parganas district in West Bengal. The girl had gone near Shankar Chowk as usual to meet her grandfather, a rickshaw puller, but on July 24 evening she went missing all of a sudden and her body was found two days later in the greenbelt of Shankar Chowk flyover.\"The victim was beaten to death after being raped her by an unknown person. His neck bone and nose were broken. We also found an empty liquor bottle near the spot and are investigating. We are also questioning a rickshaw puller and have lodged an FIR for rape and murder,\" said the SHO of Udyog Vihar police station, Amarjeet Singh Kataria.\"The minor girl finally died because of strangulation. A swab has been sent to the forensic lab to establish the rape,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital, who carried out the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214700", "title": "Teacher poisons son and hangs self", "text": "HYDERABAD: A school teacher allegedly killed her son before killing herself at Aithanagar in Tenali town on Friday.Yagili Vijayavardhini, 40, reportedly administered poisoned to her 15-year-old son Rahul before hanging herself to the ceiling fan in the afternoon. The neighbours alerted the police who reached the spot and shifted the bodies for autopsy.Police said that Vijayavardhani was separated from her husband about four years ago and living with her son. Her estranged husband was a school teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219589", "title": "Anti-female feticide rally", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to create awareness about female foeticide, the district administration in collaboration with various doctors' organizations, Zilla Parishad and various colleges and schools is organizing a massive rally on August 1.The rally will start at 7.30am from Reserve Bank square and culminate at the Traffic Park. Different organizations and colleges will also be holding street plays on the way during the rally.District Collector, Saurabh Rao, on Friday, sought media support for the rally while speaking to reporters during a press meet. Rao said that the problem of female foeticide was a societal problem and solutions to curb it also should come from the society. But for this various sections of the society needs to sensitized about the long term ill effects of female foeticide.The collector said that the administration has its own limitations but media could play a pivotal and conscious role in tackling the menace which has penetrated deep into even the educated lot in the society. He said that Nagpur has emerged as a medical hub for not just Vidarbha region but also a large part of neighbouring districts of states like Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh.Rao also agreed that majority of the medical fraternity was engaged in honest service and only a very minute section of the doctors was engaged in malpractices and the crime of determining the sex of an unborn child. Hence young adults should be the target group which should be roped in for both creating awareness about the issue and breaking the trend of sex determination prevalent in all classes of society.The collector informed that as of now in first round of inspections two centres were closed in city while 15 were given show cause notices.Manoj Sharma DSP rural informed that the police department would be organizing a training workshop for police officials from five districts of region in conducting raids at the sonography centres and dealing with the persons involved in the crime. Amit Saini CEO of Zilla Parishad said that looking at the complaints of misbehaviour by the inspecting team members in the second inspection round rural teams will be sent to city and city teams will be sent to rural areas to avoid confrontations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15222147", "title": "No skilled hands, sugar factories in South Gujarat go hi-tech", "text": "SURAT: Faced with the perennial shortage of cane cutters, sugar mills in south Gujarat have started adopting hi-tech techniques for better harvesting.In the last one-and-a-half-year, about 33 hi-tech cane harvester machines have been purchased by various sugar factories in the region to tide over the shortage of skilled hands. The cane cutters, mostly migrant labourers from the Dang and bordering Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, have stopped coming to far-flung areas as they are getting work easily in their native villages.Sugar co-operatives claim that the dearth has been fuelled by central government's National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( NAREGA) coupled with unwillingness of the young generation of cane cutters to follow the footsteps of their elders. Against the average 100 tonnes sugarcane required for crushing in a day, the sugar factories are getting less than 60 tonnes. Factories claim to be suffering losses of Rs 4 lakh - Rs 5 lakh per hour for keeping the crushing equipment switched off.If all the 17 sugar factories have to shut their crushing equipment for an average of two hours per day, the total losses would be around Rs 1.70 crore per day.\"There is no other option left with the sugar co-operatives and cane farmers but to go for hi-tech cane harvesting instead of depending on cane cutters,\" president, Federation of Gujarat State Co-operative Sugar Factories (FGSCSF), Mansinh Patel said.Patel said Gujarat contributes about 6 to 7 per cent in total sugar production in the country. Gujarat has about 17 sugar factories - 15 sugar factories in south Gujarat region and two in Saurashtra, where about 126 lakh tonnes of sugarcane is crushed in the entire season yielding sugar production of 12.6 lakh tonnes.Each of the sugar factories in the region employ about 3,500 to 15,000 cane cutting workers for cutting lakhs of tonnes of sugarcane.\"If the annual sugar production of a sugar factory is 10,000 tones, about 17-20 lakh tonnes of sugarcane is required for crushing. An automatic harvesting machine costs Rs 1 crore and the output is about 40 to 50 tonnes per hour, which we cannot get manually,\" an office-bearer of Madhi Sugar Co-operative, which is facing shortage of about 4,000 workers out of the total requirement of 10,000 cane cutting workers, said.Chandan Mishra, assistant manager at New Holland Fiat (India) Private Limited, supplier of mechanized sugarcane harvesting machine in south Gujarat, said, \"The demand for mechanized harvesting machines is increasing from the sugarcane belt of south Gujarat. We have signed a memorandum of understanding with Navsari Agriculture University (NAU) for imparting technical knowledge to students wanting to operate the machine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215988", "title": "Scanty rainfall aggravates state's power woes", "text": "JAIPUR: Scanty rainfall across the state has left the power department officials worried over the deteriorating scenario in the state. Officials hint at longer and frequent power cuts in the future to meet the rising demand in the agricultural sector.Apart from the scheduled cuts, unscheduled ones too are imposed across the state. Protests have been reported in several parts of the state, especially in the rural areas where the supply is restricted to five-six hours in a day.On Friday evening, the state discoms, for the third time in a week, imposed a seven-hour cut on the industry from 7 pm to 2 am. Over 3.75 lakh small and large industries in the state were affected.\"If it does not rain for another week, the demand for power would be close to 1,600 lakh units. This is close to the demand during peak summers. To meet agricultural demands, more power cuts will have to be imposed,\" an official admitted.Contrary to the claims made by the authorities that these power cuts are temporary, scheduled cuts are being imposed for nearly two months now. With no increase in production and over eight power generating units not operational, chances of immediate relief are dim.Despite the severe crisis, the state power department continues to allot power to other states under the banking policy, which has come under criticism.On Thursday, the power demand in the state rose to 1497.83 lakh units against 1193.17 lakh units in July last year. Highest power consumption recorded in July last year was 1379.82 lakh units, while this time it shot up to 1638.56 lakh units on July 5. The average daily consumption for July is 1414.83 lakh units while for July 2011 it was 1236.01 lakh units.The state's daily production is pegged between 1100 and 1200 lakh units. Currently, the state is overdrawing over 280 MW power daily from the Northern Grid. Earlier, it was purchasing power at Rs 3.50 to Rs 4.80 per unit which has now gone up to Rs 7.75 to Rs 8.50 per unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15221491", "title": "Karnataka's first: Man gets jail for drunk driving", "text": "BANGALORE: In a first for Karnataka, a 39-year-old businessman from Bangalore has been sentenced to a 10-day simple imprisonment for drunken driving. Metropolitan magistrate at traffic court-II, N G Dinesh, on Thursday handed M N Kishor the jail term and imposed a penalty of Rs 3,000.He was caught driving under the influence of alcohol three times in a month. Traffic constable J D Nanjundappa stopped Kishor at 12.03am near Subbanna Circle, Lalbagh, on May 20 and found him drunk. Also, he wasn't carrying the documents of his i10. The breath analyzer showed alcohol content of 89mg per 100ml of blood, almost thrice the permissible limit of 30mg.A check on the past records showed that the businessman had been caught twice in a month for the same offence: at the KHB Junction on April 21, and on Siddaiah Puranik Road on May 5. Kishor contended that he wasn't drunk, and was driving to Majestic to pick up his relatives. He also denied driving recklessly. He told the court that cops had foisted the case upon him as he couldn't converse properly with the police officer in Kannada. The court rejected his argument. The judge said: \"In a place like Bangalore where more numbers of non-Kannadigas are living, language is a barrier. It is not uncommon for the policemen to speak to non-Kannadigas. Therefore, I don't find any reason to hold that the police officials have made discrimination against the accused and filed any false case.\" The court said that when the police officer asked the businessman to undergo a medical test, the latter admitted to being under the influence of alcohol and said he would pay penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15215028", "title": "Jewellery sales shoot up on Varalakshmi Vratham", "text": "HYDERABAD: The festive occasion of Varalakshmi Vratham set the cash registers ringing at jewellery stores across the city as many shops recorded a jump in sales ranging from 30% to 70%. Although store managers said the sales did not meet their expectations, they were relieved that the boost could make good the losses incurred in the past few months due to the slump in the market.Nandlal Kedia, manager of MBS Jewellers at Vikrampuri said, \"The past few days have seen a good jump in sales. Especially yesterday, the sales were around 30 to 40% more than the usual daily figures. Compared to last year, the sales have increased by 10% as many people even bought pure gold in small quantities this time.\" He further said that the 1 gram and 2 grams gold coins with a picture of goddess Lakshmi on it have been selling like hotcakes. \"I have already sold at least 200 of these coins. People come back for these coins every year as they perform puja with it and keep adding to the collection every year,\" he said. However, many store managers said that they had higher expectations from this festival in terms of sales. \"We expected a rise of more than 100% in sales this time, but it has only increased by around 70%. But we are not disappointed, this has given our business a much needed boost after a long dry spell,\" said Gopal Bajaj of Sri Jagadamba Pearls and Gems store.G Naved, a manager of another leading jewellery store chain agreed of the boost in the market, adding that though the increase in sales was around 10 to15% lesser than expected, it has helped the market scene pick up immensely. He further said that they are expecting at least 200 people to walk in to their store on Friday evening after the traditional puja, which is nearly double the walk-ins compared to a regular day.Speaking about the importance of the occasion to jewellery stores in the city, Praveen Kumar, secretary of Twin Cities Jewellers Association said, \"Around Varalakshmi Vratham, sales go up easily by 40 to 50%. This year, the situation is much better than last year and has helped traders recover from the recent market slump. People have an emotional bond with gold when it comes to such auspicious occasions, so we can always count on them to propel sales.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "story", "code": "15226903", "title": "Darling", "text": "Story: A group of college friends promise to meet after ten years. After ten years two of their kids fall in love, however complicating matters, there is another girl in love with the hero. There's an angry father looking for revenge. The story travels to Goa where love blossoms and after some complications love unites all. Or does it?Movie Review: There's one thing remarkable about the film, everybody jumps all the time. The heroine jumps, the hero jumps, and so do most other members of the cast. Surja (Mayukh) is apparently a heartbreaker with girls going gaga over him all the time. It is hard to understand why since it seems he has a bad hair day throughout the film and a deadpan expression that will put an Egyptian mummy to shame. If he wants to continue in films, he better start acting. A classmate falls in love with him, and when refused attempts suicide. Now her rich dad (Rajesh Sharma) is out for his blood. In a scene Rajesh lifts a man with one hand, and ahem drops him from the terrace. The rope on the falling man's waist is quite visible and he takes a lifetime to fall on an ambassador, which remains intact even after the impact.Surja confesses to Rajesh that he is in love with Diya (Pamela) whom he had met in Goa. The film travels back in time to Goa where we find Pamela riding a scooter wearing er, butterfly wings to the church. When Surja falls in love with her, (Is it the butterfly wings we ask?) a friend advises, \"Meye are mobile ekbare pochondo korte nei.\" Saving grace could have been the scenic beauty of Goa, but even that is missing. The concert for which Surja and his friends had traveled to Goa is cancelled, and he ends up inadvertently hurting Diya.The trials and tribulations of the three lovers and how love triumphs in the end makes up the second half of the film, which is a bit more watchable than the first. The fight sequences are hilarious at times, especially when girls in karate dresses suddenly appear. The music too fails to make a mark. The editing should have been way better and there are times when the gap between two frames becomes quite visible. However a fresh cast adds a zing to the film and the plot is not exactly a done to death one. Apart from that, watch at your own risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214134", "title": "First Friday of Ramzan peaceful amidst security", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first Friday of the holy month of Ramzan passed off peacefully amidst tight security in the city. With Varalakshmi Vratham coinciding with it, the security deployment in the Old City was doubled as compared to a normal Friday. As against the six platoons that are usually deployed on Fridays, 13 platoons and two companies of Rapid Action Force were stationed across the Old City.At the historic Mecca Masjid that draws the highest crowd during this time of the year, around 10,000 devotees turned up to offer afternoon prayers on the first Friday of the holy month. However, the South Zone police pegged the figure at around 8,000. The Varalakshmi Vratham (performed by married woman for the well being of all the family members) ceremonies started earlier in the day and continued well past the afternoon prayers at the Bh0agyalakshmi temple attached to Charminar. There was a huge crowd at the temple with women turning up in large numbers to perform the puja. However, the activities of the temple did not cause disturbance to the namazis at Mecca Masjid, police said.As per the standard practice on Fridays, the cops had blocked the route from Government Nizamia Unani Hospital, Charminar towards Mecca Masjid for vehicular traffic. Vehicles going towards Charminar bus stand and Shah Ali Banda were diverted to other connecting roads. The security was also strengthened at Bagh-e-Aam Masjid in Public Gardens. Officials here said that the turnout of namazis at the mosque was approximately 3,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220561", "title": "Four more down with swine flu in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Four more persons tested positive for swine flu on Friday, taking the number of H1N1 infected people in Pune to 15, this month.\"Among the four, the condition of a 62-year-old man from Shivajinagar is critical. He is on non-invasive ventilator at Sanjeevan Hospital,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The condition of three others is stable. \"They are being treated at different hospitals in Pune,\" Pardeshi said.Among them, a 27-year-old woman from Pune Camp is being treated at Jehangir Hospital. The 23-year-old woman from Laxminagar, Yerawada has been home quarantined, and a 37-year-old from Kharadi is being treated at Inlaks and Budhrani Hospital.Since July, Pune has reported 15 cases of swine flu and one death.Harishchandra Lonkar, 55, who was the first casualty after the start of monsoon, died on July 11. Since April, the city has recorded 152 cases and seven deaths.In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned of sporadic seasonal outbreaks due to changes in season. This would happen for a couple of years till the virus dies out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15221867", "title": "Another round of sops before polls", "text": "SHIMLA: Within a few days of altering the policy to set up hydro power projects in the state and drawing flak from the opposition for taking such important decisions at the fag end of its rule, the Himachal Pradesh cabinet on Friday allotted 30 small hydro projects according to the new norms.Besides this, the government also announced special handloom package, declared rates for e-services at Lok Mitra kiosks, created a new corporation for ropeway projects and announced an additional increment for an army of class IV employees who have completed 20 years of service.Of the hydro project allotted by the cabinet, 24 are for Himachali entrepreneurs and 7 for others. The total power generation potential of these projects is 57.95 MW, said a cabinet spokesperson.The cabinet approved creation of HP Ropeway Corporation to oversee implementation of all the ropeway projects as well as take up projects on PPP/BOT mode wherever the potential exists. It also decided to amend HP Value Added Tax Rules, 2005, by bringing small and medium dealers under deemed assessment category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219672", "title": "Booze, speed major killers on roads, claimed 70,000 lives last year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drunk driving and speeding continue to be the major cause for road accidents and fatalities, claiming around 70,000 lives last year.Speeding claimed 59,923 lives last year in comparison to 56,203 in 2010, whereas driving under influence of alcohol took 10,553 lives in 2011. Maharashtra was on top of the heap for maximum number of fatalities due to speeding. While, Tamil Nadu and Gujarat reported more fatal accidents last year in comparison to 2010. In Gujarat, there were 500 more deaths due to speeding in 2011 against 4,898 in 2010.\"The cases of speeding leading to fatal accidents are on the rise in Gujarat. This could be due to significant improvement of almost all the roads across the state. Senior engineers from the state had also raised this issue seeking immediate need for measures to slowdown traffic,\" said a senior ministry official.In case of accidents caused due to intake of alcohol/drugs, UP topped the list, registering a four-fold spurt in fatalities in comparison to 2010. At least 4,635 died in the country's largest state and 4,706 accidents were caused due to drunk driving.UP also overtook many southern states in number of total road fatalities \u2014 21,512 lives were lost in 2011 against 15,175 in 2010. Barring Andhra, Karnataka, Kerala and Bihar, almost all other states registered more fatalities, according to the road accident data released by the transport research wing of highways ministry.The report, which for the first time came out with an analysis of accidents classified according to educational qualification, shows that 35% of all accidents across the country were caused by drivers who are matriculate and above, while 19% accidents were caused by those who have studied upto class VIII.Now, class VIII is the minimum qualification required to obtain a driving licence. \"Government had revised the minimum educational qualification for drivers of all categories of vehicles so that they should be able to read the material on traffic norms and basics of driving while undergoing training, \" said SP Singh of Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training, an advocacy group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15218962", "title": "Collector orders relocation of 19 Tasmac outlets in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration has ordered to relocate 19 Tasmac liquor outlets located near schools, colleges, places of worship and hospitals in the district on Friday.Collector Anshul Mishra instructed the officials to immediately relocate the outlets that failed to conform to the rules. He also warned that Tasmac liquor outlets should not be set up within the 100-metre radius of places of worship, hospitals, schools and colleges and students' hostels.The issue was brought up during the review meeting on law and order when assistant commissioner (excise) Ravindran, said that 19 outlets in the district were found to violate the government rules in the district. He also said that one outlet on Pandia Vellalar Street remained shut due to protest from the public. In fact, the issue of Tasmac outlets creating nuisance to the public was featuring in the law and order review meeting for quite a while as complaints kept pouring in. Earlier this month, at one such meeting, Mishra instructed the officials to prepare a list of such outlets found to be located in places that are bound to disturb the public in the locality. In the subsequent meeting, he assured that the outlets would not be allowed to be opened in places that pose trouble for the public and also ordered Tasmac officials to permit outlets in places that do not pose any trouble.It was then that a representation was made not to open the liquor outlet in Pandia Vellalar street and Mishra instructed officials to find an alternative site.The common complaint was the disturbances caused by tipplers returning from the liquor shop. Often, scenes of drunken brawls also unfolded in front of the shops that posed nuisances to the public in general and women in particular. When the outlets were located near education institutions, hospitals or places of worship, the trouble only compounded.During the meeting, Mishra also ordered the encroachments of pathways inside Mattuthavani integrated bus stand to be removed within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15217881", "title": "'Wins at Olympics must for interest in sports'", "text": "NASHIK: Renowned cricket commentator and management guru Harsha Bhogle , during his visit to Nashik on Friday, said that if India did not win medals at the London Olympics, people would lost interests in sports other than cricket.Bhogle was in Nashik to deliver a lecture on management for the Ashok Business School students. Speaking on India's chances in the Olympics, he said, \" For the first time everyone is asking how many medals India will win. This is a big improvement in the outlook, the awareness, the training facilities and many such related things.\" He further added, \"It will be good for sports in India if we win at least 4-5 medals. But, if we fail to do well at the Olympics, the gap between cricket, which is many notches above other games, will widen and people may lose interest in other sports.\"On the IPL, he praised the management for its stupendous success and said the IPL players, who though play for only seven weeks, are at par with the English Premiere League players who play almost all year round.On the IPL, he said, \"IPL is the best thing that has happened to cricket and sports management in India.\" When asked about whether the IPL is spoiling the young generation by making them affluent at a young age, his said, \"Then what are the big IT and management companies are doing to its employees? Are they spoiled?\" He explained further by giving Rahul Dravid's example and queried ,\" Has Rahul Dravid changed with the IPL money? His commitment to the game and society has remained as it is.\"Going down the memory lane he said he sported many hats like quizmaster, a commentator and anchor but he enjoyed the role of a commentator more however he hastened to add,\" One must love the job at hand to succeed in life.\"As to what qualities are necessary for a becoming a successful commentator, he replied, \" Love for the game, command over more than one language, knowledge of the rules and technicalities of the game and communication skills are must.\" He finally said, \" Never forget the hard work and toil behind what looks like an easy job though I always try to be simple and friendly every time I go on the mike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15231501", "title": "E-meter software for Android phone gets 4,000 downloads", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 4,000 commuters have so far downloaded the free software -- which gives you free Autorickshaw/Taxi E-meter on an Android phone.The software will soon have a feature to send a mobile complaint against errant drivers directly to the RTO.Said software developer Chetan Temkar,\"We got a tremendous response from readers/commuters. They have visited our site and downloaded not just the free e-meter, but also other softwares which help you while commuting by the suburban train (Western, Central and Harbour lines) and also by the BEST buses.\"He said that the softwares, provided by Smart Shehar, have got good feedback as they were \"commuter-friendly\". \"Also, we have users informing us how they caught the cheats with tampered meters,'' he stated.\"Our plan is to build pressure from the public. We want every commuter detecting tampered auto or taxi meter on the road to lodge complaints on-the-spot. The process will be simple and will only involve keying in the auto/taxi number and hitting a button on the phone. The complaint will be forwarded by us to the transport commissioner's office and to Wadala/Andheri/Tardeo RTO's websites,\" he said.Activists like transport expert Ashok Datar also plan to help Temkar by liaisoning with RTO officials to apprise them about the nature of complaints they can expect in coming weeks. Said Datar, \"Here is a tool you can download and show the driver the difference, if any. The RTO can provide a dedicated email address or mobile id where the complaints can be forwarded. The data can be tabulated and the officials can get a clear and precise picture about those drivers against whom there are two or more complaints in a month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15214778", "title": "No breakthrough in bus murders", "text": "NELLORE: The unidentified killer of the three APSRTC bus passengers near Tada in Nellore district is still at large even as police are at their wit's end on how to catch the criminal, who has spread terror in the coastal region. Police picked up a suspect near a temple near Gudur on Friday evening and shifted him to Tada for questioning. But district SP Ramana Kumar said the hunt for the killer was still on.Sources said the suspect too wore red shirt and black trousers like the murderer who escaped from the bus after the massacre. The police grew suspicious after the suspect told them that he hailed from Bhadrachalam. However, they ruled out that he was the one who carried out the midnight mayhem.A large police contingent failed to make any breakthrough even after scouring the forests in Nellore and Chittoor districts. Senior officials, including IG Harish Kumar Gupta and Ramana Kumar, camped at Tada monitoring the search operations. Even after 48 hours of the killings on the Chennai-bound bus, police teams could not even establish which way the assailant fled even 48 hours after he killed three people in Chennai-bound bus in the early hours of ThursdaySources said the doctors who examined the bodies informed the police that the killer might have administered chloroform to sedate at least two of the victims before killing them.They also suspected the killer used a surgical blade to slit the throat of one of the victims. Ramana Kumar said they would seek the assistance of Indian Medical Association to find out whether there were any medical professionals who were mentally disturbed and would resort to such crimes. Forensic professor Sasikanth of the government hospital is likely to finalise the autopsy report by Saturday. Earlier, police rounded off another person near Tada in the morning. He was grilled for nearly one hour but was let off after they found that he was a migrant labourer from Madan, Odisha. According to sources, delay in stepping up the search operations on the day of the crime helped the offender flee from the spot. The incident took place between 4-4.30am, but the dog squad reached the spotonly around 2pm, which wasnearly 10 hours late.Although the first police team reached the spot by 6am, senior officials failed in alerting all the neighbouring police stations within minutes of getting the information and rushing special squads to the area. After the dog squad carried out searches, the local police were busy talking to the passengers and shifting the bodies for autopsy.\"At best, the offender could have travelled a distance of around 50 km in two hours. By closing all the entry and exit points within the distance, the cops could have laid their hands on the assailant,\" a retired DSP said.Ironically, police officials lost the plot and blindly rushed teams into the forest areas without tracking the entry and exit points. In fact, police should not have waited for the dog squad to arrive at the spot for intensifying the search operations. The IG's visit to the spot also made the local officers waste their time by briefing him about the situation and taking his guidance. \"Alerting even the local people would have helped the police nab the culprit,\" said another senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219381", "title": "Villages gone, wildlife thrives in Melghat", "text": "NAGPUR: Kishor Rithe, president, Satpuda Foundation spotted three herds of sambhars where once stood the village of Vairat in the Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR). It was a happy sight. This is another success story of relocation of villages inside protected areas of forest where the wildlife is gaining back territory earlier occupied by man.Here, in this forest, things seem going back to normal with wildlife making its home at the sites where earlier stood villages of Vairat and Bori. Rithe said a positive change was expected after the relocation of villages inside MTR and now, with the monsoon in full flow, this change is visible.\"Now there is lush green grass where the village stood. There are around twelve species of grass here, including indigenous ones. I saw three herds of sambhars, one of five, another of two and the third of around seven. I also happened to see jackals in the meadow,\" said Rithe.The population of sambhars in Gugamal forest was dwindling for many years due to pressure from Vairat which had a huge livestock. The staff at the protection camp also informed Rithe that tigers, leopards and sloth bears also frequented the place now that the village had moved out.Rithe also said that field director of MTR KP Singh had said that he had spotted a heard of around 70 gaurs in the meadow created after the relocation of Bori village. \"I think this is the largest size of herd ever recorded in Melghat,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15217913", "title": "Sowing picks up in week gone by", "text": "NASHIK: Intermittent showers have boosted the sowing activity in the district during the week closing July 27, with reports showing that sowing had reached 76.65%.Rainfall has been better in the second half of July as compared to the first fortnight of the month, officials from the agriculture department said, adding that this was the reason that farmers took to sowing very strongly. Sowing jumped from 15% to 59%.The normal rainfall in the district in July is 378 mm but the district has so far seen rainfall of 196.6 mm. The average rainfall has barely crossed the 50% mark. Rainfall this year has been 26% of the annual rainfall.According to officials, during the last week, farmers undertook sowing in additional area of 1,09,851 hectares thus reaching the figure of 4,81,374 hectares from 3,71,523 hectares. The sowing of paddy increased by 15,380 hectares, while Bajra rose to 1,00,498 hectares in the district. The total sowing of the food grains increased by 84,244 hectares - Bajra being widely cultivated. The sowing of maize also jumped from 1.36 lakh hectares to 1.68 lakh hectares.Trimbakeshwar has witnessed the maximum increase in percentage of sowing, touching 180%, as the sowing was done in 22,208 hectares as against 12,300 hectares of land and was closely followed by Deola tehsil witnessing sowing over 25,103 hectares as compared to 17,200 hectares. Yeola tehsil, which has received 101% rains during the month of July, has seen the sowing activity cross the expected mark as well. In all, the tehsil has witnessed sowing to the extent of 132% of its normal area with the activity being carried out in 59,093 hectares of land.Officials allayed the fear of re-sowing of seeds keeping in mind the ongoing showers. However, if the rains continue in the same fashion the production is likely to be hampered if rains continue like this.While Kharif crop may be on its way, the Rabi crop and the summer crop seem to be much more than just difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221062", "title": "Problems galore for start-up entrepreneurs in getting bank loan", "text": "INDORE: Start-up entrepreneurs in Indore hoping to avail loans from banks to kick off their venture, are facing a galore of hurdles. From difficulty in getting working capital loan and the banks' insistence on production of collateral to showing of balance-sheet, aspiring first generation industrialists are left with no choice but to produce a large number of papers which is deterring them from adding to the city's industry sector.Pratibha Syntex, a textile major, has already applied for restructuring of its loan amounting to Rs 400 crore which it had borrowed from a consortia of banks, including State Bank of India, Canara Bank , Exim Bank, Axis Bank and IDBI. Rajkumar Shah, AVP of the company, said, \"As the industry is hit by the ongoing downturn in the market, we have applied for restructuring of our loan, which we had got at an interest rate of 5% post interest subvention of 2.55 under technology utilisation fund programme. We are expecting it to happen in two ways. First, the interest rate should come down by 100 basis points. Secondly, the duration of repayment must be extended by 18-24 months.\"Elumalai Shanmugham, an entrepreneur who started from a scratch to achieve an annual turnover of Rs 30 crore, feels that when entrepreneurs are approaching a bank for loan, they must provide certain facilities and should not insist on collaterals. Shanmugham, who supplies camshafts to automotive majors like Eicher, Tata Motors , and Taffe Motors, is also of the view that the CGTMSE cover, must be increased up to Rs 2 crore as against the currently existing mark of Rs 1 crore. He has already got a loan of Rs 8 crore from SBI &amp; SIDBI and has plans to approach banks for a fresh loan of Rs 10 crore. He also says that the excise duty at 30% must be waived off for importers supplying to the country-based firms.Nayan Gada, CEO of a firm which supplies filament for headlights of vehicles, says, \"Just like SIDBI, we want other banks too to make the loan-giving an easy exercise. One should be asked for completion of a loan check-list. I have found that there is no separate department to deal with SMEs at other banks. Moreover, there are no separate departments with banks to deal with SMEs\".SIDBI's exposure to state MSMEs currently at Rs 6,500 crTalking to media here on Thursday, Sushil Munhot, CMD of SIDBI said, \"Total exposure of SIDBI to MSMEs in Madhya Pradesh is currently at Rs 6,500 crore.\" Commenting on Rs 5,000 crore venture capital fund for MSMEs at his bank, Munhot said that the fund has been created with an emphasis on taking care of MSMEs' equity part. \"To begin with, we will be shortly launching India Opportunity fund worth Rs 600 crore and we have already committed financing to 8-9 VCs so far,\" said Munhot who was here to create awareness of factoring among MSMEs.SIDBI has an NPA of 0.35% and it was likely to go up marginally to 0.40% by the end of the fiscal, said Munhot, adding that it was basically for obvious reason that the there was a slump in the market.\"We are targeting three sectors for financing during the current fiscal which include financing for energy efficiency equipment, service sector and receivable financing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15216287", "title": "Dip in RInfra tariffs may not mean lower bills for some", "text": "MUMBAI: Even if the average power tariff of RInfra comes down over the next five years, as proposed in the firm's multi-year tariff plan on Thursday, the tariffs for 23 lakh low-power consuming residential consumers may go up for various reasons, say industry experts.The supplier recently revealed its business plan, based on which the tariff for different categories of consumers will be approved by the state regulatory board soon. \"The cost of supply for RInfra and Tata Power doesn't differ much, however, the tariffs for low-power consuming residents are much higher under the RInfra tariff as the majority of its consumers fall under the cross-subsidized low-end category,\" said experts. These consumers are cross-subidized by high-power consuming categories like commercial and industrial users, who pay more than the actual tariff to reduce tariff burden on low-power consuming residential consumers.\"The quantum of cross-subsidy available for them is inadequate due to extreme anomalies in the consumer mix of both the utilities. RInfra has more low-end consumers, thus putting more tariff burden on its residential consumers. However, Tata Power has comparatively larger number of high-end consumers as compared to low-end consumers,\" experts said.RInfra systems had Rs 1,100 crore cross-subsidy available, which has now been reduced by Rs 600 crore due to the switchover of high-end cross-subsidizing consumers to Tata Power. Cross-subsidizing consumers like the Airport Authority provide subsidy through their tariffs to almost 1,00,000 low-end cross-subsidizing consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217315", "title": "Ajmal Kasab smartest operative: Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has described Ajmal Kasab , the lone Pakistani terrorist caught alive following 26/11, as \"clever, intelligent and a smart operative\" among the group of 10 sent by the Laskhar-e-Toiba (LeT) for the attack.Jundal has told the police he learned about Kasab's \"smartness\" during an arms-training session, particularly the Hindi class, at Muridke in Pakistan. \"Except for a few top bosses like Hafeez Saeed and LeT chief commander Zaki-ur-Rahman, nobody knew I was Indian. But Kasab identified me while I taught him Hindi. In fact, he once directly asked me if I was from Mumbai city, and I told him yes,'' Jundal told the police.Jundal said Kasab was excited about Mumbai due to its Bollywood connection, and he was fond of Hindi movies. Kasab, during preliminary interrogation, had told police that after the Daura-e-Aam (21-day basic combat course) and Daura-e-Khaas (3-month advanced combat course) were over, they were kept in a room, where he had seen many Hindi movies.The police said that Kasab may have identified Jundal due to his Marathi accent. Following interrogation, Jundal said he not only taught the 10 terror-ists Hindi but also a little Marathi, so that it would not raise suspicion when they landed in Mumbai.Kasab's group landed at Budhwar Park in Colaba, where two fishermen had seen them. Ismail Dara Khan had, in fact, spoken Marathi with the two on the night of 26/11, saying, \"Amhi students aaho (We are students)\", and the youths even argued with Ismail. Jundal said that Kasab, who was among the youngest of the group, was smart to survive the fidayeen attack.Jundal said after he completed his BSc, he met an LeT operative (name withheld), who converted him to Ahl al-Hadith, a sect which follows stricter ways of Islam. He first met the man at Hotel Tawa in Aurangabad.The Mumbai police are yet to collect Jundal's voice samples to match with taped conversations with the control room, which was monitoring the attack.Jundal, who hails from Gevrai taluka in Beed district was deported from Saudi Arabia and was arrested by the Delhi special cell last month. A key accused in the 26/11 and Aurangabad arms haul cases, he was among the six handlers, including Abu Kahafa, Zaki-Ur-Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Wassi, Zarar Shah and a major general, who monitored the Mumbai attacks. Jundal had made fake coll-ege identity cards for the 10 terrorists before sending them to Mumbai.Jundal trying to downplay his role: CopsCrime branch sources said Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal too is clever, and he has started defending himself now. \"He says that he did not give them arms training, but only taught them Hindi and Marathi. He also said he was not party to the team that went to see off the 10 terrorists sailing from Karachi to India in the Pakistani boat Al-Hussaini on November 23, 2008. He knows the consequences of 26/11, and he is thus trying to play down his role,'' said an officer. Kasab and other investigators have repeatedly pointed out that Abu Kahafa, Muzzammil, Jundal, Sajid Majeed and Abu Qama, led by Zaki-Ur-Rahman, had seen off the 10. The police said they are confused why Jundal was selected even though there were some other Indians at the LeT camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15221582", "title": "A piece of land is the cause of worry for these residents", "text": "COIMBATORE: It could have been a park for the children to play and for the elders to spend their leisure time. However, to the horror of residents of JK Garden near Ukkadam, the site which was meant for the park has turned a haven for anti-social elements. This site, the only area allotted for a park and other recreational facilities, was a major luring factor for most residents who moved into the locality.But with the civic authorities paying no attention to the atrocities of residents, the residents petitioned the city mayor SM Velusamy highlighting the fact that the plot is meant for a park and the corporation should not utilise it for any other purpose.The plot has been left neglected. Weeds and invasive species of plants have taken over the compound. \"All kind of activities were happening inside the vacant plot. The bushes and shrubs served as a cover for booze and other illegal activities. Often we raised alarm and the miscreants jumped over the compound wall to flee from the spot,\" said S Fazaluddin, a resident in the area.The residents approached the local police and filed a complaint about a month back. Police have started daily night patrol in the area to ensure no immoral activities happen inside the park. The residents have also put a padlock and a chain at the entrance of the plot but scaling the wall of the plot is not a difficult task. Some miscreants have even pushed the gate inside detaching it from the hinges attached to the sidewalls.\"The plot which was to be the most beautiful spot in the layout has now become an eyesore and a headache for all of us,\" said Abdul Khader another resident.\"The corporation has some plans to construct an overhead tank in the plot in the future but the residents are demanding that the plan should be altered and the civic body should look for an alternate piece of land for the water tank,\" said A Sadik Ali, councillor, ward no 86, Coimbatore corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15217706", "title": "Schoolchildren plant a \u2018green\u2019 idea", "text": "DUGRI: Students from Ram Lal Bhasin Public School, Dugri Phase 1, contributed to the cause of making Ludhiana a carbon-neutral city by celebrating Van-Mahotsava with great enthusiasm on Friday.Kids planted saplings to drive home the awareness message about creating a better environment and making residents understand the importance of green cover.Class X students depicted the importance of trees, effects of deforestation and the need to conserve the wild habitat with their slogans, of which the best entries were rewarded.Entries like \"Grow more trees- get oxygen free\", \"Don't be mean- Go Green\", and \"Save Trees-Save Life\" were some the best entries submitted by Rupali Jain, Lamia Fatma and Akriti Arora, respectively. The event concluded with a plantation drive by children in the school premises.\"Global warming is a global concern; we just did our bit at the school to protect the mother earth. Hope it inspires others and they follow our ways,\" said Rupali.\"By marinating an ecological balance, everyone on this planet can enjoy life together and contribute to global prosperity. The children participated enthusiastically in this event and expressed their concerns about importance of conserving trees, maintaining an ecological balance and reducing pollution,\" said headmistress Tarannum Fatma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15215476", "title": "Trial in Bhanwari case continues, next hearing on August 1", "text": "JODHPUR: The trial in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case continued on Friday, after being resumed on Wednesday after two months, with all the accused present in the court except Mahipal Maderna, who skipped appearance on health grounds. since 26 May, the last date of trial, he had appeared in the court.The trial started from the point where it concluded on Wednesday. Senior special counsel for the CBI, Ashok Joshi started narrating the sequence of events from the parleys held in the Circuit House at Jodhpur to settle the matter with Bhanwari Devi at the behest of legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi.He told the court that Maderna roped in sacked police official Lakha Ram to mediate between him and Bhanwari Devi. \"Lakha Ram was told by Maderna to talk to Bhanwari Devi and strike an agreement with her for Rs 50 lakh, after which she would not bother him. She, however, declined the deal, following which the decision to eliminate her was taken,\" Joshi told the court.Joshi then described the conspiracy hatched by the accused right from introducing Shahabuddin, obtaining two SIM cards using the identity of Jai Ram and Sunda Ram, involving the gang of Bishna Ram Bishnoi and convincing Amarchand. \"Meetings were held between Sahi Ram and Bishna Ram in Jaloda and after fixing everything with the latter, the plot was given the final shape. Bhanwari Devi left for Bilara on September 1 and Bishna Ram left from Jaloda to take her possession from Sohan Lal Bishnoi,\" Joshi narrated.The trial lasted for a little over two hours in a jam-packed courtroom, after which magistrate of the ACJM (SC/ST cases) court Girish Kumar Saxena deferred the trial till August 1.Meanwhile, the high court rejected the bail application of Dinesh Bishnoi, an accused in the Bhanwari case, who had moved his plea after the lower court rejected it. This was the 5th bail application, which has been rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219833", "title": "15 collectors transferred in Bhubaneshwar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday transferred 27 senior bureaucrats, including 15 district collectors. According to an official notification, the new collectors are Bishnu Prasad Sahu (Malkangiri), Balwant Singh (Keonjhar), M Muthukumar (Nuapada), Yamini Sarangi (Nabarangpur), Naba Kumar Nayak (Puri), Arvind Agarwal (Angul), Bhupendra Singh Poonia (Kandhamal), Rajesh Pravakar Patil (Mayurbhanj), Satya Kumar Mallick (Jagatsinghpur), Durga Prasad Behera (Kendrapada), Ranjit Mohanty (Balasore), Basudev Bahanipati (Gajapati), Sashi Bhushan Padhi (Rayagada), Ravindra Pratap Singh (Sonepur) and Debraj Mishra (Balangir) have also got new collectors.Further, commissioner, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC), Vishal Dev has been made the vice-chairman, Bhubaneswar Development Authority. Additional secretary, housing and urban development, Sanjiv Kumar Mishra has been posted as commissioner, BMC, while Rayagada collector N B Jawale will take over as the excise commissioner. Keonjhar collector D V Swamy has been posted as commissioner, Cuttack Municipal Corporation. Sailendra Narayan Dey, who was Balangir collector, will join as officer-on-special duty to the chief secretary. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15230128", "title": "Samsung replicates mobile business model for consumer durables", "text": "KOLKATA: Samsung has restructured its electronics and appliances business to create two sales verticals in a bid to replicate its mobile phone success in the Indian consumer durables market where it trails LG Electronics .Samsung Electronics India now has two sales verticals - one selling products to distributors, stand-alone multi-brand outlets and Samsung brand stores, and other focussing only on national and regional retail chains.The restructuring is the brainchild of BD Park, who took charge as MD of Samsung India in January after successfully building the South Korean firm's mobile phone business as the second largest brand in the country and overtaking market leader Nokia in the smartphone market.HK Seo, head of Samsung's consumer electronics business, said, \"This will be a win-win situation for both the company and channel partners by re-organising our business around the sales channel with dedicated team for channel management and products.\"The move is a first of its kind in the Rs 37,000-crore Indian durable industry, where companies organise their business on product segments. Samsung Electronics, for example, earlier had two verticals - one for audio-visual products like television and music players and the other for home appliances such as refrigerators, washing machines and air-conditioner.Mahesh Krishnan, who was the head of home appliances business, has been re-designated as the head of distributor channel while the erstwhile head of audio-visual business, Raj Kumar Rishi, now heads the retail chain channel.They will report to Seo and Park.Each of these two verticals will have separate heads for audio-visual products, home appliances and air-conditioners and separate teams for product management, supply channel management and sales planning.Seo says the change in sales approach will help the firm meet the needs of the large, widespread and growing multi-brand outlet world as well the specialised needs of the large format retail channel.Analysts say Samsung's move is a testament of the growing importance of key accounts like big retailers and regional stores.\"This will help Samsung interact closely with the customer, understand their needs and provide customer intimacy,\" Debashish Mukherjee, partner, consumer goods and retail, at AT Kearney, said. \"However, execution and processes become important otherwise some product categories may suffer,\" he added.The company tried out this channel-led strategy in the mobile phone business two years back, which led to rapid expansion of market share. The move allowed the company to have better relationship with the key sales partners, dealers and retailers, understand their need and build customised sales promotion strategy around them, company officials said.Having replaced Nokia as the largest smartphone player in the country following the success of the Galaxy range, Samsung now hopes the new strategy will help it better LG in the Indian durables market.Samsung has already overtaken LG in overall revenues for two consecutive years, thanks to its rapid growth in the mobile phone market. The company says it is the market leader in flat panel television segment and the second largest brand in home appliances.Under the new structure, Samsung has given higher responsibility to a lot of executives for leadership roles and it plans to expand the sales team.At the regional level, there will now be two branch heads for audio-visual products and home appliances to grow the business in multi-brand outlets under the regional manager who will report to Mahesh Krishnan. There will also be key account managers at the region and branch level who will push sales to the national and regional retail chains under the leadership of Rishi.Samsung India last year clocked Rs 20,000 crore revenue across both mobile phone and consumer electronic business and is targeting 25-30% growth this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15230521", "title": "Team Anna's India Against Corruption demands share autos in Kharghar, Kamothe and Panvel", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Anna's India Against Corruption (IAC) on Saturday demanded share autos in Kharghar, Kamothe and Panvel as several commuters are inconvenienced due to refusals by drivers and excess fares demanded.A local IAC activist Ravi Srivastava, said, \"Our organisation has been fighting against the disparity in auto fares in Navi Mumbai. Drivers demand fares which are not approved by RTO. Besides, there are rampant refusal cases outside railway stations.\" He pointed out that at some places, auto drivers refused to install the mandatory meters and ferried passengers on \"fixed fares.\" \"These fares are being decided by a cartel of drivers and we are at their mercy,'' Srivastava said, while voicing the grievance of several commuters who have lodged complaints with the RTO. He said that share-auto services would be a solution to the daily problem faced by commuters.\"We have been approached by several associations and commuters directly regarding the pathetic auto services in the nodes of Kharghar , Kamothe and Panvel. Commuters are frustrated and there is an urgent need for RTO to start auto shuttles here,'' he said. Share-autos are economical for passengers, there are no refusals and it also prevents congestion and pollution by vehicles on the road. The IAC has taken up the issue with R.T.O Panvel and handed over a memorandum demanding launch of auto shuttles in these three areas. \"We have also demanded deployment of traffic cops so that action can be taken against drivers who misbehave with passengers,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15219074", "title": "Torrential rains throw life out of gear in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Torrential rains lashed Gondia in last 24 hours and threw life out of gear. It began raining heavily at around 2pm on Thursday. The city recorded 198.2 mm rainfall in 12 hours on Thursday.On the brighter side, the heavy rains have brought smile on paddy farmers face, though it posed a trouble or two for road users. By the evening the potholes on artery roads of city had been filled with water. Many office-goers and students who were returning home in the evening fell in these potholes.On Friday, water had entered all the rooms of Tehsil office and those offices situated on the ground floor. The main entry gate of Tehsil office and publicity office was inundated up to two feet. Due to the rains the storm water drains and nullahs were overflowing.A priest was trapped on the Shiva temple in Pindkepar, on the outskirts of Gondia. There are two temples - Lord Shiva and Maa Kali - on the bank of nullah near Pindkepar village. On Friday at 6.30am, when the priest of the two temples Bablu Chatterjee woke up, he found the temples submerged in water. He climbed on to the roof top of Shiva temple and raised an alarm. Some people saw him and informed the disaster management cell, subdivisional officer and Shiv Sena chief Rajkumar Kuthe. After a two-hour struggle the disaster management team rescued the priest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221687", "title": "\u2018BHU one of world\u2019s great edu centres\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: \"I was a teacher before becoming a diplomat, so education is close to my heart. Now, I am in one of the world's great education centers. Your university's historic reputation as the 'Capital of Knowledge' is well-known. One of the reasons why I am here today is precisely because of education,\" said US ambassador to India, Nancy J Powell while addressing the students and staff of Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) during her visit to the campus on Thursday afternoon.She said the two countries have a long tradition of educational partnership. \"Almost every year, your university's Malaviya Centre for Peace Research conducts a faculty and student exchange with the Peace and Justice Program of one of our most distinguished colleges -Wellesley College. Each year, the United States, through the State Department's International Educational Exchange office, sends a Fulbright scholar to India under this programme,\" she said.Powell further stated, \"Your university is a major partner and was one of the first chosen for the India-US Agricultural Innovation Partnership. Under a 50 crore rupees grant from the United States Agency for International Development, you will be in partnership with the United States and Cornell University to improve the lives of India's rural population. I also commend you on your award under the Obama-Singh 21st Century Knowledge Initiative award to study renewable energy with the University of Pittsburgh.\"Expressing her delight on the proposed All-India American Studies Workshop in September 2012 by the Malaviya Center for Peace Research, she said, \"we hope the workshop will provide an excellent platform for seasoned American Studies professionals from all over India to interact, encourage and motivate young students and researchers working on different aspects of the United States - its history, politics, economy, literature, culture and foreign policy to look at American Studies more holistically.\" According to her, nearly 1,04000 Indians are currently studying in the US.\"I am here to talk to you about our wider India-US partnership. President Obama has called the India-US relationship one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century. From our shared democratic values to our strong trade and travel ties, the two nations share much in common,\" she said adding that travel and tourism are an important way to expand cultural and commercial ties between the two countries. \"More important than the dollar figures are the people-to-people relationships that are cultivated forever,\" said Powell. According to her, already over one million Americans travel to India every year. In 2011, the US welcomed over 6,60000 visitors from India, a new record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15221985", "title": "Surat students to attempt world record in drawing competition", "text": "SURAT: The city will attempt a world record through the participation by 1 lakh students of 300 schools in a drawing competition here on Saturday.Students of different age groups will participate in the competition scheduled to take place between 9 am and 12 noon. The competition, a part of the 'I Follow' traffic awareness campaign, is being organized in association with Gujarat Kala Pratisthan. At present, the world record is credited to 19,000 students, who took part in a drawing competition held in Chennai. This is registered in the Guinness World Records.The students will participate in the event in their respective schools and their paintings will be examined by experts. The best drawing of a student will be awarded. The attempt is also to understand the thinking of the students, an organizing committee member said.\"Through this drawing carnival, we will attempt to spread awareness about traffic rules and regulations among the children. Several other events have also been lined up to create awareness about traffic rules,\" city police commissioner Rakesh Asthana said.A meeting of school principals had been convened in July in which they had agreed to participate in the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219378", "title": "Despite recent rains, reservoirs mostly empty", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of good rains in the last one week, water storage in dams of Nagpur and Amravati divisions continues to be inadequate. The 16 major dams in Nagpur division are only 32% full while storage in nine major reservoirs of Amravati division is 31.5%. The 40 medium-sized dams in Nagpur division have 25% storage but 23 medium dams in Amravati division are half full. If this trend continues, the situation will become alarming after a fortnight.Meteorologists fear that El Nino phenomenon in Pacific Ocean will hit monsoons from mid-September. With only a month and half left, only record rainfall in Central India would increase storage to satisfactory levels.The 16 dams of Nagpur division have only 902 million cubic metre (mm3) water. These dams had 1,172 mm3 in 2011, 1,005 - 2010, 1,243 - 2009, 472 - 2008 and 1,357 mm3 in 2007. Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) started storing water in Lower Wardha and Gosikhurd dams having total capacity of 403 mm3 from 2011. If this fact is taken into account, this year's storage is lowest after 2008, when the region had drought.On the positive side, Irai dam, which is the feeder reservoir of 2,340 MW Chandrapur power station , is 58% full. Gosikhurd's storage is also satisfactory at 59%.The storage in some major dams is alarming. Kalisarar in Gondia district has only 4% water while Dham (Wardha) has 5%. Khadakpurna dam in Buldhana is still completely dry. Inadequate water affects power generation. Due to poor rainfall in 2008 and 2009, Irai dam had gone dry in summer of 2010 and Mahagenco had to completely shut down the plant in May causing acute power shortage. The possibility of water shortage affecting some power plants coming summer is real.Totladoh less than a fourth fullThe storage in Totladoh reservoir, which supplies water to the city, is only 22% and its downstream dam Kamptee-Khairi is 83% full. Totladoh also supplies water to Koradi and Khaparkheda power stations. A VIDC official said the catchment area of Totladoh, which lies in Chhindwara and Seoni districts of Madhya Pradesh , have not received adequate rainfall. \"Good rainfall in Nagpur district does not help Totladoh much,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219047", "title": "Body builder held with stolen phones", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 29-year-old body builder, who has won several prizes in 'Mr Delhi' competitions, has been arrested for allegedly dealing in stolen mobiles.Police said the accused Mohammad Faisal was arrested, based on a specific information, at around 11.30pm while he was going to Rakabganj. Cops have recovered 31 expensive mobile phones from his possession.\"During interrogation the accused revealed that he had purchased these mobiles from pick pockets operating in Delhi Metro. The pick pokects, who sold him the cell phones used to target people carrying expensive mobiles in crowded Metros during rush hours.\"He also admitted that he used to dispose off these mobiles in Karol Bagh area as well as in other states,'' said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217604", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike slaps Rs 1 lakh fine on another contractor", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after creating special teams to inspect waterlogging and places where mosquitoes breed, BBMP slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh on another private builder on Friday.The builder is constructing a multi-storeyed building on Residency Road where the underground tank and a big drain near the workers' toilets were found to be the breeding grounds for mosquitoes. BBMP has sent sent it a notice levying a fine of Rs1 lakh for breach of bye-laws of KMC Act, 1976 and directed it to destroy these places immediately.Health officers of east zone patrolled Residency Road and surrounding places on Friday. Till Friday evening, 20 teams inspected 9,000 houses and construction sites and sent notices to 400 of them.During the first inspection on Thursday, health officers slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on another private contractor for keeping his premises unclean, making it a breeding zone for mosquitoes.Meanwhile, the health department confirmed that the number of positive dengue cases has risen from 871 to 1184 since July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218886", "title": "Pay fine amount to assault victim: Court", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc additional sessions judge KL Vyas on Friday ordered that the fine collected from the two held guilty for attempt to murder to be given to one of the victims who was rendered jobless and almost bed-ridden since the attack earlier this year. The court also sentenced the duo to four years' jail term.In a case of armed assault registered on January 3 earlier this year, the court sentenced Sanjay Thakur and Akash Somkuwar to four years' rigorous imprisonment apart from Rs 2,000 fine to each. In default, the court also issued an order of additional three months' jail term for the duo. Thakur has also been awarded six month jail term by the court under section 324 of Indian penal code for causing grievous hurt. The incident had taken place at Nandanvan slums.Vivek Padole, whose spinal cord was damaged in the attack, was trying to save his friend Vikram Lokhande who was being attacked. Now Padole cannot even move around in house without help. He had appeared before the court with the help of his younger brother and was barely able to stand. Taking serious note of his condition, court made the order for compensation. The incident had taken place on Padole's birthday.It is learnt Lokhande had loaned some amount to Thakur and was trying to retrieve it. Thakur had called up Lokhande and asked him to come to his place promising to repay the debt. Lokhande and Padole went to Nandanvan slums where Thakur and Somkuwar were waiting. Following exchange of words, Thakur stabbed Padole on his back when the injured tried to save his friend Lokhande. A case was registered at Nandanvan police station.Prosecution examined around 10 witnesses including the investigating officer, medical experts and persons who had seen the incident. Additional public prosecutor Satish Rode, who appeared for the prosecution, had argued before the court that the socio-economic damage done to Padole by the injuries impacted his life more adversely than the attack itself which could have taken his life too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218885", "title": "Metro drill may hit schedule", "text": "NEW DELHI: People travelling on Delhi Metro may get delayed on Saturday morning as a major mock drill will be conducted at 12 stations across the city to check their disaster preparedness to incidents like bomb blasts, earthquakes and terrorist strikes.Commuters may have to face a delay of 30-45 minutes in the morning hours due to Delhi Emergency Management Exercise to be conducted by the Delhi Disaster Management Authority in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority.The selected stations are: Dwarka Sec 11, Central Secretariat, Pitampura, Azadpur, Badarpur, Kirti Nagar, Chandni Chowk, Akshardham, Shahdara, Central, Karol Bagh, Noida City Centre and Guru Dronacharya.From the first week of August, Delhi will see more of such drills, which will go on till December. Workshops on hospital and school safety will also be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15228638", "title": "Mohanlal in London for Olympics", "text": "Of late, Mollywood actor has been busy with a lot of activities. After completing the shoot for Joshiy's Run Baby Run, the actor took time off from his schedule to undergo ayurvedic treatment in Pattambi, in Palakkad.We get to hear that the treatment, which is done during the Karkidaka month, consisted of treatments to flush out toxins and antioxidants. A source also informs that actor Madhu, who recently shared the screen with Mohanlal in Ranjith's Spirit , was also undergoing the treatment at the same time. \"Both the actors were in adjacent rooms,\" informs the source.After the week long rejuvenating treatment, the superstar tweeted, \"Hi Folks, I have completed my days at the Ayurvedic centre and feel good. Now on my way to London for the opening ceremony of Olympics.\"Meanwhile, Mohanlal was enthusiastically cheering every Indian to support India at the Olympics. \"It's Time You Cheer Theme Song: Support India at London 2012 Olympic Games,\" he tweeted.Mohanlal completed his dubbing for Run Baby Run before he started his ayurvedic treatment. The actor and his family reached London on the day before the opening ceremony of London 2012 Olympics Game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15228448", "title": "Children in shelter homes will be enrolled in schools: Haryana govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government on Friday announced that all children in shelter homes run by NGOs and Women and Child Development Department would be enrolled in neighborhood schools, so as to bring them into the mainstream of education system.Education, social justice and empowerment minister Geeta Bhukkal on Friday said directions had been issued to all District Education Officers and District Elementary Education Officers in the state to ensure enrollment of all children of shelter homes of their concerned districts in nearby schools.They would send the action taken report to the Directorate within a week through e-mail, the minister said.They have also been directed to contact the Project Officer of Integrated Child Development Scheme of their concerned districts to get all the related details, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15218943", "title": "Adiperukku to be celebrated in artificial canal", "text": "TRICHY: Adiperukku, which is celebrated on the 18th day of the Tamil month of 'Aadi' (August 4) will be for the first time celebrated in an artificial canal on the banks of Cauvery at Ammamandapam, since the river has gone totally dry.The hope that water would be released from the Mettur dam well in time to celebrate the festival on August 4 was on Friday washed away as the public works department (PWD) expressed its inability to get water released from Mettur.Legend has it that the festival assumes greater significance when celebrated at 'padithurai' (the stone steps) on the banks of Cauvery at Ammamandapam in Srirangam, where officials estimated a lakh of people, particularly the newly-married, and the about-to-be married would throng, to take part.The farmers, who were under heavy burden on account of the water shortage for irrigation made a petition to the chief engineer, PWD, Trichy region, Ganesha Marachan to get water released before the festival and he was reported to have told them that he would intimate the government.However, Marachan told TOI on Friday that the government has taken a decision not to release water from Mettur for the time being. The government is already releasing 1200 cusecs for the purpose of drinking in the downstream districts.\"Now, it is too late. Even if water is released from today (Friday), it would not reach Ammamandapam by August 4. Moreover, it will take at least 20,000 cusecs of water a second so that it would touch the banks of Ammamandapam on August 4, and such an idea was discounted by the government,\" he said. The fact that the Ammamandapam falls within the chief minister's constituency did not carry much weightage. \"The need for drinking water weighed more than a celebratory bath,\" he explained.However, the city corporation has decided to make alternative arrangements for the festival. \"A 5X3 meter artificial canal would be built with cement slabs that will have a depth of one metre,\" corporation commissioner V P Thandapani said. The water would be flowing slowly and the arrangement would be purely temporary, he said. \"The artificial canal will serve the purpose for floating the ceremonial 'Akal Vilakku (clay lamp) on the water on the D-day, and one will have the feel of the river,\" Thandapani explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219159", "title": "Vendors selling Anna caps, flags shown the door", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now that Team Anna has its own merchandise, the hawkers who had started the trend of selling caps and flags last year have been banned from the protest venue. They had been able to enter on Thursday but on Friday, a group of volunteers allegedly refused them entry, banishing them to the pavements outside the barricaded area. Their term for the volunteers, ironically, is the same used by street-vendors for municipal officials \u2014 \"committeewale.\"Kamala from Madanpur Khadar had sold paper Anna topis at Ramlila Maidan last year. She says, \"No one told us to go. Today, the committeewale didn't let us in as it disturbed the protesters.\" \"They don't want us to sell our goods because they are cheaper than the items they are selling. We have more variety,\" says Hari Sharma, a vendor who was selling Anna caps, badges, flags, T-shirts, etc.Kuldeep Shrivastav had got a batch of T-shirts \u2014 in red, brown and grey \u2014 printed last year. He was selling them from within the protest site at Rs 100 a piece till a volunteer told him, \"Only official merchandise will be sold from inside the venue.\" When there's no fast, most of them sell knick-knacks at red lights. Ram Kumar usually sells tissue papers and toys. He had saved up and bought Anna merchandise from factories in Daryaganj. \"We have decided to sit near the entry. We are not going to let them stop us,\" he says sipping his tea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15228163", "title": "SP disowns Shahid Siddiqui after interview of Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Samajwadi Party on Saturday 'disowned' its leader Shahid Siddiqui, in the wake of the latter publishing an interview conducted by him of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for an Urdu weekly.\"When he is not a member of the Samajwadi Party, how can we sack him,\" SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav told media here.Yadav said that Siddiqui may be wanting to join Modi; that's why he took his interview.Yadav further appealed to the media to not to portray Shahid Siddiqui as a member of the Samajwadi party.\"Shahid Siddiqui had fought the Lok Sabha elections from Bijnore for the BSP; he is not part of the SP,\" he added.Siddiqui, who runs a six-page weekly, had recently interviewed Narendra Modi, wherein the latter said that he was ready to be hanged if he was proven guilty in the 2002 riots case. In the cover page story, Siddiqui writes that the decision to interview Modi came after a luncheon meeting in Mumbai with two Bollywood celebrities' filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and celebrated script writer Salim Khan.Siddiqui said he was not satisfied with Modi's reply. He said that Modi tried to remove the bloody stain of the Godhra riots by giving the interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214877", "title": "V Hanumantha Rao to observe vow of silence today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Demanding the convening of a brainstorming session of the state Congress party, senior Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao said he will observe a vow of silence on the premises of Gandhi Bhavan on Saturday.The MP will sit on the indefinite vow at 10.30am near the Gandhi Statue.Rao has been demanding a 'methomadanam'(brainstorming session) to discuss the recent setbacks the party suffered in the byelection in the presence of party workers in LB stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217585", "title": "Moving from militancy to meditation", "text": "BANGALORE: He has trod two divergent paths: after years of crime and violence in the Assam hinterland, Rakesh Singh (name changed) chose peace.He travelled with 240 others -- all belonging to different militant outfits of Assam -- to Bangalore to change everything about himself.\"I felt so useless. There was fear, tension and stress all around me. My family had almost disowned me for taking to the path of militancy,'' Rakesh told TOI on Thursday, after completing one exercise of Sudarshan Kriya at the AoL campus in Kanakapura, 40km from Bangalore.Art of Living International Centre in Bangalore has been chosen as a place for rehabilitation, where these 240 former members of militant outfits are undergoing a month-long training programme. Realization has taken them back to the mainstream. \"All of them have been enrolled for AoL course-1, which includes meditation, pranayama, Sudarshan Kriya and yogasanas. The approach is to give holistic training to prepare them to become willing partners in the process of sustainable and peaceful social development,'' said Sanjay Kumar , course coordinator.According to him, some of the militants surrendered while some were nabbed by paramilitary forces. \"They are also being trained in some economic activities so they don't take to the war path when they go back from here. Our objective is to teach them the bigger meaning of life and conflict resolution,'' Kumar said.Holistic RehabilitationThe training is part of the government's initiative to give them skills and soft skills. Learning from past experience about the process of rehabilitation and integration, the government has opted for a holistic approach by involving the Art of Living.The ex-militants are up at 5am every day and taught advanced meditation, first thing in the morning. Their diet is strictly vegetarian. \"They are from different backgrounds and have seen the worst. Initially, when they came here, they had a lot of anger, doubt and fear. There was conflict in their minds. But all that has changed. I see a lot of difference in each one of them,\" says the AoL teacher.And when they pack up on August 4 after their 35-day programme to leave for Assam, all of them will be changed individuals.PEACE TALKMy fight was for the people. So maybe I have no regrets. But I realized that violence is not the path. I am now determined to build a strong harmonious community. I want to go back and resolve conflicts in my region, now that I am at peace with myself.Sukhinder Sharma (name changed)It's a new life for me. I find a lot of enthusiasm and determination to lead a new life. I had a lot of physical and mental strain but just after two days of pranayama, Sudarshan Kriya and Ram Dhyan, I can sit on the ground, and sleep soundly at night. I have a new zest to live life.Shivaram S (name changed)Coming here, I felt a lot of belongingness and respect for others. It is because I was given the same respect and welcomed with belongingness. I now recognize the struggle I was going through mentally. It seems I have found a tool to solve my problems. I can now see a way ahead. I have some land back home. I would like to take up organic farming.Sumit K (name changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214299", "title": "Woman killed in car accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 55-year-old woman was killed when the car she was travelling in lost control after suffering a flat tyre and turned turtle near the Outer Ring Road at Shamshabad on Friday afternoon.RGIA police identified the victim as Penchamma. She, along with her family members Jayaramaiah, Mastan Naidu, Padma Rao and Venkatesh was travelling in a Maruti Swift car when the mishap occurred near Chanum hotel close to the ORR.\"They were on their way to Patancheru from Vijayawada. The vehicle, which was travelling at a high speed, suffered a flat tyre just when it was about to enter the ORR and Mastan Naidu lost control of the wheel leading to the overturning of the car,\" RGIA sub-inspector Mahesh said. The accident took place around 11.30 am. Penchamma suffered a head injury and doctors declared her brought dead. The other family members who were seated in the car escaped with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220582", "title": "Gangster, Maoist held at Kumhrar", "text": "PATNA: The police on Friday arrested a Naxalite, Subodh Singh, and notorious gangster of Bihar and Jharkhand Rampravesh Mahato near Kumhrar railway crossing here.Bahadurpur police station SHO Sujit Kumar said Subodh was in jail for three years and was recently released. He said it was on his revelations earlier that Bokaro police (in Jharkhand) had recovered a carbine and the Agamkuan police had recovered a huge quantity of explosives and Naxal literature in 2010 in the state capital.The SHO said he got information that Mahato was proceeding on a four-wheeler to grab a piece of land at Ambedkar Colony under Sultanganj police station. A police team intercepted the vehicle and arrested the duo. He said the police team recovered two countrymade pistols and two cartridges besides two cell phones from their possession. Mahato, he said, is a notorious gangster of Bihar and Jharkhand and had committed several dacoities in Ranchi, Hazaribagh and other cities in Jharkhand. Mahato even used to snatch two-wheelers, the SHO added.Culprits unidentified: Even after 24 hours, the Airport police have failed to identify the culprits who had allegedly made an attempt to molest a six-year-old girl on Jagdeo Path. A cycle shop-owner and his staff had allegedly made an attempt to molest the girl on Thursday afternoon.Airport police station SHO B K Sahi on Friday said that both of them had fled away and none of the locals were providing any information to the local police. He said efforts were on to ascertain their identities and whereabouts, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221342", "title": "Four arrested for woman's murder last year", "text": "CHENNAI: Police solved a one-year-old murder case in which an elderly woman was robbed and killed in Kodungaiyur with arrest of four people on Friday.The arrested were identified as Mohan, 22, Sakthivel alias Sathish, 22, Nollai Suresh, 23, and Flower Manimaran, 22. All the accused hail from Kodungaiyur.On July 3, 2011, the gang killed Pappathiammal, a money lender, by smashing her head with stones to rob her money. Since she was a money lender, they thought she had huge money at her place. \"But, after murdering the woman, the men were in a shock as there was no cash in the house. The gang finally fled with only two gold rings she was wearing. They could not even find 10,000 she had at her house,\" said deputy commissioner, Pulianthope, G Karthikeyan.Pappathiammal had been living in a small temporary structure at Kodungaiyur for over 20 years.Initially, police suspected Sathish to be the main culprit as he was frequent to her place to collect mangoes available in her mangrove. Subsequently he was at large. All the four went into hiding at different places. While Nellai Suresh went to Kolkata, Mohan to Vyasarpadi, Sathish to Puzhal and Manimaran to Thiru-vi-ka Nagar.When we grilled Suresh, he spilled the beans and confessed to the crime and role of three others.A police team led, by assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan, arrested the accused and recovered the two gold rings from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15221281", "title": "75 youth selected for special training to work in Abhijeet power plants", "text": "RANCHI: Abhijeet Group, which is installing a 1,740 MW power generation unit in Chandwa block of Maoist- hit Latehar district, has selected 75 educated youths for special training to make them fit for employment in the plant.The first batch of 25 students, who have got training from industrial training institutes (ITIs), has been sent to Nagpur for specialized training. The remaining 50 students are undergoing training at ITI in Ranchi and once they complete the course, they will go to Nagpur for the specialized training.The first unit of 540 MW will become operational over the next few months. The entire plant is expected to be operational latest by next year. The company will invest around Rs 8,500 to set up the power plant in the area which has been deprived of even basic infrastructure and civic amenities because of presence of Maoists.A spokesperson for the company said they had been doing many work under the corporate social responsibility (CSR) like organizing health camps, running and supporting schools and health centres in the area especially in places where displaced families were living.\"To make the youths of the area self-reliant, we decided to train youths who are good in academics and give them employment in the company. The first group of around 25 youths who have completed ITI course have been sent for specialized training to Nagpur. The remaining 50 youths will be sent for specialized training after they complete the course at ITI so that they are able to man the power plant,\" said the spokesperson.Sources in the company said they wanted to make these youths role models for others. \"We want to make people aware that the company will always help the people to improve their quality of life,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221313", "title": "2 days on, cops clueless about abducted woman, son", "text": "BHOPAL: The police remained clueless in the incident wherein a woman and her minor son were kidnapped by five people in the nearby Berasia tehsil on July 25. The accused had allegedly beaten up the woman's relative, escorting her, before forcing her and her son into a car.\"A person identified as Mukesh, who was allegedly with other accused in the same car at the time of incident, was dropped from the vehicles by prime suspect Jawahar Singh after abducting the duo. As Mukesh was arrested soon after the incident, he had no idea where the other accused had taken the victims, said investigating official Ramphal Gaur.Phoolwati and her 9-year-old son Harshit were returning after a hearing in the court during the day on a two-wheeler of their relative Krishna. While they reached the Garathia Jod, a car intercepted them and forced them to stop.Five persons, who were in the car attacked Krishna with rods when he tried to save Phoolwati and her son. They later abducted the mother and son. Krishna later approached the police and registered a case.Krishna, who is brother of Phoolwati's son-in-law, told TOI the whereabouts of two abducted persons were not known ever since the incident took place. \"The family remained helpless as they could not do anything except reporting the matter to the police. We are in touch with the officials and requesting to get them back at the earliest,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219876", "title": "Curtains to beat apex court\u2019s ban on sun control films", "text": "KOCHI: When the Supreme Court ordered a ban on the use of sun control films, the objective was to ensure that vehicles are not used for anti-social activities. But vehicle owners in the city have found ways to circumvent the ban. They have turned to cloth curtains and window sunshields. Since the Supreme Court order that banned sun control films has not mentioned anything about the use of curtains or window shields, the trend is catching up in the city.\"Since the law does not mention the use of curtains we cannot take any action. The order from the apex court was intended to ensure that vehicles are not used for anti-social activities,\" an enforcement official said.Many vehicles in the city are using cloth curtains on the rear and side windows blocking the inside view of the vehicle.\"In the two months after the ban came into effect, we have installed curtains in about 120 cars. Window curtains that cost not more than Rs 1,500 are imported from China and other foreign countries, and they are much cheaper than tinted films,\" said Johnson KD who runs a car accessory shop near Palarivattom.Apart from curtains, people are also opting for window sunshields, a much cheaper option. Since the sunshield can be fixed easily using two vacuum clips to the car window, many are going for it.But the authorities are not sure of what action should be taken against the use of curtains and sunshields. Officials in the law enforcing wing of the motor vehicles department (MVD) and city traffic police said that the ban on sun control films would become ineffective in no time with the public going for such alternatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214909", "title": "Confused cops hold up passport queue", "text": "HYDERABAD: The inability of the district police department to deliver the Police Clearance Certificates (PCC) online to the Regional Passport Office has resulted in piling up of at least 30,000 passport applications in the six Passport Seva Kendras in the state.The six PSKs are located at Begumpet, Ameerpet and Tolichowki in the city and in Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati. The three PSKs in the city also cater to residents of Rangareddy, Medak, Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar, Karimnagar and Khammam districts while those from Nizambad, Adilabad and Warangal can submit their applications at the lone mini-PSK in Nizamabad. Similarly, the PSKs in Tirupati, Vijayawada and Vizag cater to the residents of the Rayalaseema and Andhra regions.However, since the RPO started accepting passport applications at the PSKs from November last year, about 30,000 applications from outside Hyderabad have piled up for want of Police Clearance Certificates.According to sources, district police can only send the PCCs to the passport office online. \"However, despite them having been trained for the same at the beginning, the cops are unable to send PCCs online,\" said an official.However, apart from the lack of technical expertise in sending the PCCs online on the part of district police personnel, the unavailability of an applicant at the address provided in the form was also a reason for delay in issuance of PCCs, a source said.Keeping in mind the huge backlog on PCCs, Hyderabad RPO Srikar Reddy has instructed all district superintendents of police (SPs) to clear the police clearances in three weeks, the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215594", "title": "CM falls sick after Delhi visit; Dhariwal goes for Metro inspection", "text": "JAIPUR: The inspection of Jaipur Metro rail project's progress on Friday lost its sheen due to the absence of chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who cancelled his programme at the eleventh hour.Gehlot, who had a closed-door meeting with Congress heir-apparent Rahul Gandhi in New Delhi on the affairs in the state on Thursday, reported sick soon after his return to Jaipur.The chief minister was replaced by UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal for the inspection that was elaborately planned way in advance. \"The chief minister is unable to come for the inspection because he is not feeling well,\" Dhariwal said while addressing reporters at the end of the inspection. Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas and Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi joined Dhariwal for the inspection.This would have been the first visit of the chief minister to the Metro sites where work commenced in November 2011. The contract companies and officials were disappointed with the sudden change in Gehlot's programme as many believed that their labour for many weeks of preparation went in vain. Sign boards and hoardings welcoming chief minister Gehlot had already been placed at strategic places. The officials were ready with even snacks and lunch for the chief minister.The chief minister's detractors in the state, however, found an opportunity to link his health with his meeting with the AICC general secretary a day earlier. It was suggested that after Rahul's declaration to play a more proactive role in the organisation and the government, chances of top level leadership changes in Rajasthan have increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15229311", "title": "How to tackle foot odour", "text": "Beauty expert Shahnaz Husain tells you how to tackle the problem of sweaty feetThe main problem during summer is perspiration. The feet are areas where germs accumulate and odour forms. The waste matter, which is secreted with sweat, has to be removed by daily washing, to eliminate odour and keep the feet fresh and clean. Pay special attention to your feet, while bathing. After washing them well, dry them thoroughly and apply talcum powder. If you wear closed shoes, talcum powder can be sprinkled inside the shoes. However, in the hot season, slippers and open sandals are best, as they allow maximum ventilation and help the perspiration evaporate. But, open footwear attracts dirt and therefore, foot hygiene becomes all the more important. After a hot day, soak your feet in cold water, to which some salt has been added.Home remedies for sweaty feetFoot lotion: Mix together rose water, cucumber juice and lemon juice in equal quantities. Apply on feet and leave on for half an hour.Make a paste of baking soda and water, add lemon juice and apply on the feet. Leave on for ten minutes and wash off with water. Or, mix a little baking soda with your talcum powder and apply on the feet.Cooling foot bath: Add rose water, lemon juice and a splash of eau de cologne in cold water and soak feet in it. Cools, cleans and removes odour.Add four drops of Tea Tree Essential Oil to four tablespoons of water or rose water. Apply on the feet.melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15215387", "title": "All India Centre of Trade Unions president calls Manesar outburst unfortunate", "text": "Ajay Parmar | tnnJODHPUR: The national president of the All India Centre of Trade Unions (AICTU) Ajeya Rout has termed the violent outburst at the Maruti plant in Manesar as one of the most unfortunate incidents. He said that it should not have happened. \"We have sought reports from our local unit and are also studying other reports before reaching any conclusion on who was at fault,\" he said.Referring to the incident, he admitted that the fire of unrest had been simmering since long but no one strived to address it earnestly. He said that the labour department needs to be given more power in order to avoid such incidents in future.Rout is in Jodhpur to chair a three-day working committee meeting of AICTU, which started on Friday. The meeting will have discussions on various issues pertaining to the problems faced by the working class in particular and people in general, like low income and wages, rising prices of the essential commodities, rampant unemployment and devaluation of the Indian rupee, etc. This meeting is a preview to the forthcoming 6{+t}{+h} All India Conference at Chandigarh scheduled from September 28 to 30.President of the AICTU, Ajeya Rout said there are so many issues ailing the working class of the country and the government has miserably failed to deal with these issues and taking up measures like diversifying production, reduction of import volume and increase of exports.This meeting will discuss all these issues and other issues like checking black money, forcible acquisition of the agricultural land and communal harmony.Opposing the FDI in retail sector, he said this step will affect the 4 crore small retailers of the country, whose business will either be badly affected or be finished. \"Instead, the government should promote the agriculture sector and pave the way for the extension and expansion of the industries in the country to address unemployment,\" he added.EomJodhpur: The national president of the All India Centre of Trade Unions (AICTU) Ajeya Rout has termed the violent outburst at the Maruti plant at Manesar as one fo the most unfortunate incident. He said that this should not have happened. \"We have sought reports from out local unit and are also studying other reports also before reaching any conclusion as to who was at fault\", he said.Referring to this incident, he admitted that the fire of unrest had been simmering since long but none strived to address it right earnest. He said that the labour department needs to be given more teeth in order to avoid such incidents in future.Rout is in Jodhpur to chair a 3 days working committee meeting of AICTU started here on Friday. This meeting will have discussions on various issues pertaining to the problems faced by the working class in particularly and people in general like low income and wages, rising prices of the essential commodities, rampant unemployment and devaluation of the Indian rupee are the issues. This meeting is a precursor to the forthcoming 6th All India Conference at Chandigarh scheduled from 28 to 30 September.President of the AICTU, Ajeya Rout said that the, which have been ailing the working class of the country. He said that the government has miserably failed to deal with these issues and taking up measures like diversifying production, reduction of import volume and increase of exports. This meeting will discuss all these issues apart from the issues of similar concern like back and check black money, forcible acquisition of the agricultural land and communal harmony.Opposing the FDI in retail sector, he said that this step will affect 4 crore small retailers of the country, who will either have their business reduced to minuscule or be finished. \"Instead, the government should promote the agriculture sector and pave the way for the extension and expansion of the industries in the country to address the unemployment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15220795", "title": "Police gun down militant in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur Police commandos shot dead a militant in an encounter at Heinoubok village in Imphal West district in the wee hours of Thursday. The cops found a 9mm pistol with three bullets and a Chinese hand grenade on the slain militant.The cadre was identified as Th Bobby (32) of Koirengei bazaar in Imphal East district. A monetary demand note from a faction of the underground Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP) addressed to a senior officer of the state youth affairs and sports department was also recovered from the rebel.Forensic doctors of the Centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) conducted an autopsy on Bobby's body on Thursday.Meanwhile, a Tamenglong-based organisation submitted a memorandum to the Manipur transport minister demanding compensation for the families of four persons, including two women, who died in a recent road accident in the district.Seven persons were also injured in the accident, four of them seriously. The jeep they were travelling in fell into a deep gorge at a spot between Khongsang and Irang along NH 37 (Imphal-Silchar route) on July 20. The grievously injured four are undergoing treatment at the Shija Hospital in Imphal.The organisation also demanded that the government extend interim relief for the seven injured persons. Since the jeep is not covered by any insurance policy, they also urged to ensure plying of only insured passenger vehicles along the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218540", "title": "Green veggies burn hole in pocket", "text": "LUCKNOW: Till last month, Rs 500 were enough for Rita Mishra, a housewife, to buy a week's quota of vegetables for her family of four. But now she does not get enough to last for three days. The skyrocketing prices of vegetables have come as yet another blow for the people already reeling under high inflation rate, mainly due to hike in the prices of the foodgrains and fuel. However, what has left people puzzled is the difference between the wholesale and retailer prices.Two weeks back, tomato was available in the local mandis at around Rs 20 per kg but now the price has hit Rs 50. However, the wholesale price of tomato at present is Rs 30-32 per kg. In super markets, the same tomato is available for Rs 45 per kg. Similarly, potato prices have also doubled in the past 15 days. At present, the potato rate in mandis is Rs 20 per kg, wholesale Rs 12-14 per kg and in super market Rs 16-17 per kg.The price of lady finger in local mandis is Rs 25 per kg and super market Rs 27-30 per kg, whereas in wholesale it is available for Rs 12 per kg. Coriander is selling at Rs 200 per kg in retail -- double the the wholesale price of Rs 100 per kg. In super markets, however, the price is Rs 120 per kg. Same is the case with onion.\"Earlier, Rs 50-60 was enough to spend at a sabzi mandi. But today even with Rs 150- 200 in hand you will not be able to buy same quantity of vegetables,\" said Beena Verma, a housewife, shopping at Nishatganj mandi. Ruchika, a college student, who had come to buy vegetables at Narhi, said that the surprising part is that even the seasonal vegetables were costly. Anupma Khattri said \"Earlier, rates of vegetables at super market were reasonable earlier, but have shot up in the past few days.However, I still prefer super market because it saves time.\" On the other hand, Rita Singh, said that she has started going to wholesale market once a week. But, she added, in wholesale one doesn't get a choice to select. \"One has to buy the whole lot piled in front of you,\" she said.Many people who supply tiffin to hostels are also facing tough time due to hike in the price of vegetables. Maya, who runs a tiffin service for working girls and students at Gomtinagar, said, \"My customers complain that I am not providing them variety of vegetables. I charge Rs 20 per meal and it is not possible to meet the cost. I try to balance the demand through rajma, curries, kachhauri and other things instead of regular meals. \"Many families have cut down on their outings to keep expenses under control. \"The prices of all the items are going up and it is increasingly becoming difficult for the salaried class to stick to the family budget,\" said Ramesh Srivastava, an executive in a telecom company.President of vegetable and fruits grower association Satish Sonker, when contacted, said, \"prices have shot up recently in the retail because of increase in the transportation cost. Also, the shelf life of some vegetables in rainy season is less. However, vegetable vendors complained that lot of money is pocketed by the middlemen who buy from the wholesale and supply to the retailers.\"The network of middlemen in wholesale market is so strong that without their consent, farmers cannot unload their produce in the mandis and vendors cannot buy directly from the wholesalers. These middlemen fix the purchase and sales price,\" said Raju Sonkar, a vegetable vendor in Nishatganj. \"Many vendors buy from the suppliers, who are also middlemen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15218880", "title": "Akola Digest", "text": "Two arrested in Ramteke assault caseAKOLA: Two persons - Ramesh alias Raju Ghodskar and Vinod Dhumale (29) - were arrested and sent to police custody till July 30 in NCP corporator Ajay Ramteke assault case. Ghodskar (45) of Kharap village and Vinod Dhumale (29) of Rautwadi were produced before the local magistrate on Thursday evening. Ramteke was shot at in broad daylight near Sethi Height building on May 28. He has recovered from gun shot injuries. Enmity during AMC elections and property dispute are the reasons behind the attack.Katepurna 21% fullOwing to good rains over last five days the water level of Katepurna dam, the lifeline of Akola city, has increased up to 21%. Due to rains normal life has been thrown out of gear and vehicular traffic has been disrupted at some places where culverts were washed away. Wan dam is 48% full while Morna and Nirguna dams are 23% full and Uma 12%. Dagad Parwa is below minimum water level.Eve-teasing on the riseTwo persons received minor injuries as two groups came face to face over eve-teasing in old city on Thursday. Surprisingly not only boys but also girls are found teasing boys in public areas. The daughter of a noted orthopaedic was found indulging in improper physical gesture towards her lover. Her father was called to the police station. Police warned the doctor before handing over his daughter.Three die in separate casesA 60-year-old man Dnyaneshwar Paralikar of Shivaji Nagar died of severe heart attack when he was making conciliation efforts for his daughter at the women complaint redressal centre of city police on Thursday. He was shifted to general hospital where he was declared brought dead.The body of Kausalya Tiwale was found floating in a well in Ashtul village two days ago. She was sick and mentally deranged. Sadashiv Shinde (65) of Shelar file, ended his life by hanging himself to death in his bathroom on Thursday noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220330", "title": "Gaikwad committee to submit report by July 31", "text": "PUNE: The Justice M G Gaikwad (retd) Committee, which is probing the Maval firing incident, of 2011 is giving final touches to the inquiry report, which will be submitted to the state government by July 31.The committee will have a say on whether the police firing on protesting farmers, which killed three people, was justified and if proper procedure was followed to maintain law and order.Committee secretary K D Patil told TOI on Friday that justice Gaikwad has been given an extension till July 31. \"We have time till Tuesday to submit the report to the additional chief secretary, home. The report will be submitted before the deadline,\" Patil said. Three farmers, including a woman, were killed in police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011. They were protesting against acquisition of their land for a water pipeline from Pavana dam to Nigdi in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Soon after the protest, the police booked around 1,400 people for attempted murder and rioting.Six policemen were suspended for damaging vehicles. The home department had later suspended two police officers for opening fire on the villagersfrom a close range. Home minister R R Patil had ordered a judicial probe by a retired high court judgeinto the police firing.Karnik, who was in charge of the security during the Maval agitation had later sought transfer as he thought people may misread his continuance in his present posting as a hindrance to the probe into the police firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218883", "title": "Man cooks up theft story", "text": "NAGPUR: A 24-year-old man from Saoner tried to mislead his family members and police by furnishing a story of being waylaid on Kalmeshwar-Nagpur Road last week. Police's investigation, however, nailed the lie and found it to be a case of fraud. Three persons have been arrested in the case.Kalmeshwar police had registered a case of theft after Shrikant Sonwane claimed that two bike-borne robbers decamped with Rs 1 lakh cash he had while going towards Nagpur on his two-wheeler. During questioning, police learnt that Sonwane had withdrawn Rs 90,000 from a co-operative bank at Saoner. He had Rs 10,000 with him. Police said Sonwane was lured by a racket of fraudsters who had promised him substantial amount of gold at a throwaway price. Lured by the tricksters, Sonwane had paid Rs 1 lakh to them for pure gold but later realized that he had been given fake jewellery.Saoner police launched a manhunt after learning of the racketeers. Three persons, identified as Raju Kumre, Deepak Shinde and Suresh Salame, were nabbed by rural police's crime branch. Names of accused Neelam Kumre and one more have also come to fore. Police have also recovered fake gold bangles from the racketeers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15221577", "title": "Adarsh scam: Husband filled flat form, says ex-collector\u2019s wife", "text": "MUMBAI: IAS officer Seema Vyas on Friday told the judicial commission that her husband and one of the accused in Adarsh case ex-collector Pradeep Vyas had filled her application form for a flat in the controversial society. Vyas had also loaned her Rs 14 lakh to buy the flat.\"The handwritten contents in this application form dated 2004 for membership in Adarsh are written by my husband,\" said Seema, while responding to questions put to her by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission. Seema's admission is important for the reason that her husband as collector of Mumbai was responsible for vetting the applications for membership to Adarsh and approving members. \"At the time when I made my application for membership of Adarsh, my husband was the collector of Mumbai,\" she said.During his questioning last year, Vyas had told the commission that his office had no role to play in the allotment of flat or approval of membership\u2014despite statements to the effect made by ex-chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushil Kumar Shinde.Seema also named another Adarsh accused, former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak, for introducing her to the promoters of Adarsh. \"I met Jairaj Phatak in 2003 and he told me about Adarsh. It was he who told me that Gidwani was one of the office-bearers of the society,\" said Seema.Of the Rs 84.55 lakh that she paid for her 1,076 sq ft flat in Adarsh, Seema admitted to substantial financial help from her husband. \"I took a short-term interest-free loan of Rs 14.10 lakh from my husband ,\" she told the commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam.Earlier in the day, the commission examined former Shiv Sena MP Suresh Prabhu, who was allotted a flat in Adarsh. Prabhu told the commission that \"he was not aware\" that his wife was the joint owner of their Khar flat with his late mother. Prabhu had filed an affidavit while applying for membership in Adarsh that neither he nor his family members owned a flat in Mumbai. \"I was all the time under the impression that Adarsh was a normal society like other societies in Mumbai and was not aware that I would be required to face these problems ,\" Prabhu said.The commission also examined Onkar Tiwari, son of former UDD secretary and Adarsh accused Ramanand Tiwari. Onkar told the commission that he had taken a loan from his father as well as his mother to pay for the Adarsh flat. The source of his father's money was the retirement benefits that had accrued to him, said Onkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15219762", "title": "Bicholim woman commits suicide", "text": "BICHOLIM: Kamini Naik, 45, from Amathane, Bicholim, committed suicide by jumping into a nearby well. She had been reported missing for the last few days, but her body was discovered only Friday morning. The police said that Naik's husband Rajendra was sick and bedridden, due to which she had become mentally unstable. Her body has been sent to GMC for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15220253", "title": "Dharbandora, Dharbandora, where are you?", "text": "PANAJI: If you're searching for Dharbandora taluka on the map, you won't find it. This, simply because the government has not yet ordered for a new political map of Goa to be drawn, even 15 months after the state got its 12{+t}{+h} taluka. Drawing a new map is the government's prerogative, an official said.Survey and land records superintendent Ajit AS Talaulikar said, \"It is for the government to decide about drawing up a new map. We have updated the survey records of the 12{+t}{+h} taluka and even revenue records have been updated.\"The department has transferred the survey records of 16 villages of Dharbandora taluka as a new entity. The department is also carrying out ground markings to demarcate village and taluka boundaries afresh. \"This requires minimal effort and is underway,\" Talaulikar added.Survey of India (SOI), Bangalore, is of the same opinion. \"Redefining the internal limits of the state boundaries is within the state jurisdiction. We (SOI) update the topographical (topo) sheets based on information received from the state government,\" the official said.The SOI official said they have received no communication from the state government about the political changes. \"After updating, a new map will be printed and issued, reflecting the changes,\" the official said.TOI found that students in schools and colleges are being largely fed outdated data. The Class V environmental studies text book has five lessons on Goan geography and a line says, \"There are 11 talukas spread over both (North and South) districts...\"\"The new taluka has not been mentioned in the book,\" a Class V geography teacher said. Sources said some teachers are not aware about the change. \"They (his former students) phone and ask me about the change,\" a senior geographer said.At the college level, students have a paper on resource geography of Goa. \"Teachers have a responsibility to update their knowledge and pass it on to students,\" geography professor F M Nadaf said.SCERT director Nagraj Honnekeri assured that the change will be reflected in text books in the next academic year. \"This academic year a reprint was taken and the process commences well in advance of the academic year,\" he said.At the other end of the spectrum, the tourism industry is still waiting for a new map with the redrawn limits of the hinterland talukas. A notification regarding the taluka should have been published with a new map of Goa showing the 12 talukas,\" said Caranzalem-based publisher Mary Jane Dias.The new taluka boasts of major tourist attractions that include Bhagwan Mahavir national park and wildlife sanctuary and the sparkling Dudhsagar waterfall. \"A few media groups are publishing outdated information and maps for tourists,\" another source said.Dias' quest for a redrawn map led her to various departments. \"The officials kept passing the buck,\" she said.A few other departments have been slow to absorb the change. Education department is pursuing a proposal to set up an office where an assistant district education inspector can function at the taluka headquarters.Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education carved out an examination centre in Dharbandora for the first time. Students of the 16 villages answered their SSC examinations nearer home. \"It was the smallest exam centre at Tisk and just over 300 students answered their SSC exams here,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15221580", "title": "Dipping ground water new cause of worry", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is further bad news on the water front. A weak south west monsoon has left the land parched and the rivers and lakes dry. Now, evidence suggests that ground water level is falling in many parts of Coimbatore and Tirupur.A senior official with the ground water section in the public works department said water table has depleted by nearly 3 metres to 4.5 meters in several areas in the two districts, as per data collected from monitoring wells. There are 276 monitoring wells in Coimbatore and some parts of the Tirupur. In safe areas, water is generally found at a depth of 4 metres, while in critical or over-exploited areas water level has dipped to at least 15 metres.\"However, these estimates are as per measurements made in during a good monsoon. However, due to low rainfall this year water levels have gone down by at least 4.5 metres in almost all areas,\" the official said. Rain this season is 56 per cent less compared to the total rainfall in 2011.Among the areas that face a serious water crisis are Sultanpettai in Sulur block, Madukkarai, Kattampatti, Andipallayam and parts of Avinashi. These places have been over-exploited to the extent that water, which used to be found at a depth of 7 to 8 metres, is not available even at a depth of 700 feet. Indiscriminate digging of bore wells to exploit the ground water is said to have caused for the crisis.The official said a proposal has been send to the government to have more wells to monitor the situation better.As per the latest ground water resource assessment by a state department, 142 of 385 blocks in Tamil Nadu are over-exploited, 33 blocks critical and 57 blocks are in a semi-critical state. Many areas across the state underlain by hard rock aquifers having limited storage potentials are facing acute problems of over-exploitation and depletion of ground water. Fluoride contamination of ground water is also prevalent in many parts of the state.Valakuparai Balu, president, Tamil Nadu Vyavasayi Sangam, said poor rainfall has destroyed agriculture during this season. The situation has worsened due to the depletion in ground water level. Horticulture in Thondamuthur, Pollachi, Kinathakadavu and Madukkarai has been affected as people can't find water despite digging bores to a depth of 500feet, Balu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/chirang", "code": "15220889", "title": "Number of internally displaced rises", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/CHIRANG: The ongoing ethnic clash in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area is going to add more staggering numbers to the cross-section of internally displaced people in Assam. Already, over three lakh people have been affected in the Bodo-Muslim turbulence, and observers said that the number is likely to escalate as there is no significant improvement in the situation yet.On Friday, there were reports of fresh arson in over 10 villages on the northern part of Chirang district.Although ethnic conflict is not new to Assam and the state has experienced displacement of people due to similar ethnic conflicts in recent years, human rights activists found it surprising that the government has not formulated an effective mechanism to tackle the menace.In one of the most important findings on ethnic conflict, the Geneva-based Internal Displacement Monitoring Council (IDMC) assessed that between December 2010 and January 2011, an estimated 50,000 people were internally displaced during the Garo-Rabha clash along the Assam-Meghalaya border, while about 215,000 people were displaced in the Bodo-Muslim clash in Assam's Udalguri and Darrang districts in 2008.Also in the Bodo-Muslim violence of 1993 in western Assam, 18,000 were displaced, while more than 200,000 people (1996) and almost 315,000 people (1998) were displaced due to Bodo-Adivasi clashes, according to IDMC.In fact, IDMC has estimated that over 8,00,000 people were internally displaced as they were forced to flee their homes due to ethnic violence from the 1990s to the start of 2011 in the five northeastern states of Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.\"The recurrence of these ethnic conflicts in Assam proves that there was non-accountability in the previous incidents. There is a prevailing culture of impunity in case of ethnic violence. Had the administration and the political class been held accountable in the past, there would have been significant check in the outbreak of such conflicts. There are so many good and powerful laws,\" former IIT Powai professor and a vocal critic of communalism, Ram Puniyani, said.Puniyani also said that the anti-Muslim sentiment and 'demonisation' of the community is on the rise in the state, and warned that such prejudices did not augur well for a healthy society.Human rights activist and member of Women in Governance Anjuman Ara Begum said that recurrence of ethnic conflict was directly attributed to the government's lack of strategy in preventing such incidents. She also observed that there was a need for more policies on the integration of communities and ethnic identities.\"What I find most surprising is that for a state like Assam, which has seen so many conflicts in recent years, there are still no preventive strategies. Ethnic violence occurs because the core issues of the conflicts were not analyzed or addressed. The rights of minorities are not protected. By minorities, I don't mean only Muslims but any community that is in a minority as compared to other communities,\" Begum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai/kochi", "code": "15219087", "title": "Sir Paul comes to jumbo calf\u2019s aid", "text": "MUMBAI/KOCHI: Former Beatle Paul McCartney took a break from his London Olympics performance rehearsal for Sunder, a baby elephant who has been beaten and kept in chains. McCartney, who first came to India in 1966, wrote to Maharashtra forest minister Patangrao Kadam to use his power to rescue Sunder. The elephant is at Jyotiba temple in Kolhapur, Maharashtra, and the singer wants him to be moved to his habitat.\"I have seen photographs of young Sunder, the elephant kept alone in a shed at Jyotiba temple and in chains with spikes. Years of his life have been ruined by keeping him and abusing him and enough is enough. I most respectfully call on you to get Sunder out,\" McCartney wrote in his letter. His plea followed animal rights organisation PETA India's discovery that Sunder was being abused by a handler.In Kerala, which has a large population of elephants, forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar has warned of strict action against those who torture elephants. \"Elephants owned by devaswom boards are often subjected to cruel treatment. It has been decided to take strict action against those involved in this,\" the minister said.Kumar pointed out that the mahout involved in the torture of an elephant at Guruvayur devaswom was arrested. He urged everyone, including officials, not to protect any person involved in the torture of elephants. Most elephants are treated cruelly when they are captured from forests at a young age and trained to do the mahout's bidding.Recently, the media in Kerala exposed an incident in which a group of four men were involved in such activity. \"It has been decided to take action against these people,'' said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15222107", "title": "SMC told to suspend dog sterilization programme", "text": "SURAT: Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has ordered suspension of the dog sterilization programme being carried out in the city by Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).The suspension comes after TOI brought to light the shoddy process of sterilization as a result of which the dogs were dying. The board asked SMC to discontinue the suspension till AWBI conducts an inquiry into the issue.TOI had reported that dogs in Udhna and adjoining areas were dying after their stitches opened resulting in excessive bleeding. When questioned, the SMC authorities maintained that the process is being carried out with due care.On Friday, S Vinod Kumar, assistant secretary, AWBI, shot a letter to SMC commissioner Manoj Das to suspend the animal birth control (ABC) project. The letter highlights the grim situation of the programme.AWBI expressed concern over the death of dogs due to rupture of intestine post the operation.The board took cognizance of TOI's July 5 news report in which the issue was highlighted. Two dogs died in Udhna after being sterilized. Local NGO Prayas tried to save them but in vain. One of dogs was brought to Nandini Veterinary Hospital by volunteers of Prayas but excessive bleeding claimed its life.From July 5 to July 19, seven dogs were found in poor condition after being sterilized of which four died while three were cured. On July 25, one more dog was found from Ambika Niketan area with open stitches and intestine spilling out. The dog was chased by a mob of around 20 people but rescued by Prayas after a call by Dhaval Patel, a shop owner in the area. The dog died before it could be operated upon due to excessive bleeding.Animal lovers in the city were surprised over the dog's rescue from Ambika Niketan area as the ABC programme is permitted only in Udhna area, that too on trial basis. Ambika Niketan is around seven km away from Udhna.AWBI had also asked district collector A J Shah to inquire into the issue on July 18. However, as there was no action by the collectorate, the board ordered suspension of the ABC progamme.Despite repeated attempts, Shah was unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221315", "title": "Absence of parent-teacher association leads to confusion", "text": "BHOPAL: Even while the issue of fee hike is raging in various prominent schools of the city, principals themselves feel that the issue would not have snowballed into a controversy had there been a parent-teacher association (PTA) in those schools.Fr Johnney PJ, principal of St Joseph's Co-ed talking to TOI said, \"PTA is a necessity. In fact we have a PTA right from the start. It is a part of the administration. The members are selected depending on the strength of students. General issues are taken up with the PTA from time to time.\"\"The schools that do not have PTAs are facing the heat today. Our PTA includes 11 parents, few teachers and the school management. Meetings are conducted twice a year or more depending upon the issues,\" said P S Kalra, principal IPS School.\"The PTA helps the school in many ways as crucial decisions are debated and discussed and the members convince all others. Representation from all strata is ensured,\" he said.But there are some schools where parents do give their feedback but there are no 'formal' PTAs as well.\"There is no formal PTA in the school but it functions according to requirement. We meet parents as required and they support us,\" said Sr Lily, principal, St Joseph's Convent. \"The body consists of teachers, parents and some ex parents as well, who share their experiences,\" she said.\"There are parent-teacher meetings when the registers are kept and suggestions pour in from parents. We provide many opportunities for them to voice their opinions. Parents always come forward,\" she added.\"We have an open-door policy where parents are most welcome with suggestions. We do have a formal PTA in the school. Still, we always take consensus on crucial matters,\" said Dr Jaishree Kanwar, principal Sagar Public School.Jawaharlal Nehru School, Habibganj had a PTA earlier but it had now been defunct for the last two decades. Michael Patole, the principal of the school who was a member of one such PTA when he was a teacher even feels that there should be one now.\"But whatever suggestion the parents come up with should be constructive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219247", "title": "Surprise check at college hostels to curb ragging", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anti-ragging movement in educational institutions has got a boost with the launch of www.antiragging.in. On Thursday itself, the portal received six complaints, including one from Agra where a student was allegedly molested and is undergoing treatment at AIIMS.On the same day, Delhi Police and Delhi University also conducted surprise checks in the hostels of Ramjas, Hindu and Hans Raj.Both the portal and the University Grant Commission's helpline on ragging, 18001805522, are being managed by Aman Satya Kachroo Trust. Its founder trustee, Raj Kachroo, said the number of complaints had gone up since 2009 but it did not indicate an increase in the incident of ragging, rather more people were now coming forward to complain.\"From June 20, 2009, till the end of May 2012, the helpline call centre had received 1,439 complaints. Uttar Pradesh is on the top of the list with 307 Complaints followed by West Bengal with 200, Orissa with 141 and Madhya Pradesh with 115 complaints. Incidences of ragging are high in medical colleges,\" Kachroo said.On the first major complaint since the launch of the portal, Kachroo informed that a male student had to be admitted in critical condition at AIIMS after being sexually abused in a boys' hostel in Agra. \"We have informed the college authorities for immediate action and the case will be pursued,\" he said.The portal will be used for all background software development necessary for smooth functioning of the ragging prevention programme and includes the anti-ragging helpline.Students can track the progress of their complaint on the website. They can also upload anti-ragging affidavits, which will help the portal to build a database of affected students and parents. The portal will manage and follow up ragging complaints, and push unresolved complaints to regulatory authorities. It will also develop various types of data sets, and display reports.The universities in the city are trying to make freshers feel safe. Mauirice Nagar police staff and the DU proctorial team, led by chief proctor I Usha Rao, carried out a surprise check at the hostels of Ramjas, Hindu and Hansraj from 8-9 pm on Thursday and returned satisfied.Rao, however, pulled up the hostel warden of the girls' hostel of Ramjas for the poor living condition and also asked the college to arrange an air conditioner for the common room. In the boys' hostel, she asked the college to provide computers to students in the common room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220477", "title": "Bihar to host national hockey meet", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has, for the first time, been selected to host a regional meet of senior national hockey championship by the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF). The 64th Senior National Hockey Championship (East Zone)-2012 will be held at Astro Turf Hockey ground of the Bihar Regimental Centre, Danapur, around 12km west of the state capital, from August 6 to 10.Bihar Hockey Association president Md Danish Heyat Khan on Friday said Bihar and Odisha were main contenders to host this year's east regional meet. However, Bihar was finally chosen at the \"insistence\" of IHF adviser and ex-DGP, Punjab, KPS Gill.\"In fact, Gill did a favour to Bihar by allotting it the tournament because he wanted to promote the game in Bihar,\" Khan said. He said, teams from West Bengal, Bihar, Chattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha and SAIL had already confirmed their participation at the meet. Their teams will be reaching Patna by August 5.Khan also said the teams would be divided into two pools of three teams. Winner of the zonal meet would play in the final phase of national championship, to be held in September. The venue for the national championship is yet to be decided.\"If we successfully host the regional meet, Bihar will also stake its claim for hosting the national championship,\" Khan said. A total of 120 players and 10 officials would reach here to participate in the championship, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217702", "title": "Wet weekend likely in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The city received only 2mm of rainfall on Friday, although it seemed like a downpour around noon. Weather department forecast spells of trace rainfall over the weekend, so maybe it's best to keep rain gear handy.The agro meteorology department forecast looks at 3mm of rain on Saturday with winds blowing at 15kmph. However, it still declares Bangalore Urban district a dry zone.Barring a tree fall on 20th Main in Koramangala 6th Block which damaged a car and traffic jams in some areas, there was no major rain damage. Power tripped in several areas during the rain for a while and it was restored by afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15219984", "title": "Five get 10-yr rigorous imprisonment for businessman Behl murder", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge V V Bambarde on Friday sentenced five men to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for the murder of a Pimpri-based businessman in 2003.The five convicted are Avinash Pawar, Rajesh Chavan, Mohan Chavan, Lodriya Pawar and Ramesh Salunkhe.On March 3, 2003, businessman Rajesh Behl (40) of Sant Tukaramnagar, Pimpri, was killed and his wife Nilima (37) brutally assaulted by eight dacoits.The culprits fled with a revolver and cash and jewellery worth Rs 1.75 lakh. Rajesh was the elder brother of NCP leader Yogesh Behl, who was the Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor at the time.The state criminal investigation department, Pune, took over the probe from the Pune police in 2008 and arrested the five men and detained two minors.Additional public prosecutor Vikas Shah told the court that Nilima and her daughter Nisha had identified the five accused as they had been to their bungalow to sell crockery before the incident.Shah argued that the victims had identified their stolen ornaments seized from the accused. Moreover, the accused could not explain how they had come to posess the ornaments.Shah examined 21 witnesses during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217114", "title": "Robbers strike at ATM, attack guard", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men (aged 25 to 30) entered the Standard Chartered Bank's ATM in Dadar (W) early on Friday and tried to break the kiosk after hitting the 55-year-old security guard's head with an iron rod.Premnath Pawar suffered four-stitches when the burglars entered the ATM (near the flower market) around 3.30am, said the police. When the burglars failed to break the kiosk for about 45 minutes, they fled after stealing the digital video recorder. \"The burglars had entered the ATM unmasked. When they couldn't break the kiosk, they stole with the DVR to avoid getting caught,\" said DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.\"On seeing the two hitting the ATM, I shouted at them. They gestured at me, asking me to remain silent. Before I could react, they hit me with an iron rod. They left the place around 4.15am when they failed to break open the machine,\" said Pawar in his complaint to the Dadar police.Around 4.20pm, the bleeding Pawar managed to step out of the ATM. \"Vendors at the flower market noticed Pawar sitting out motionless. They called the police control room and rushed him to Sion hospital. His condition is normal,\" said a police officer.\"The accused may have worked as a security guard or maintenance or technician guy in the bank and knew the ideal time when to strike,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221267", "title": "Unsafe railings", "text": "INDORE: The builders and developers in the city are giving in to aesthetics and ignoring the building code for residential and commercial buildings. Despite some fatal accidents, the railings fixed in the balconies of most apartments are lower than the prescribed height.Two children have fallen to death from the railings in the balconies of their apartments in the past one week. Still, there is no concern about the same among the builders and buyers.The national building code and Madhya Pradesh Bhoomi Vikas Adhiniyam specifies the height of a railing in a balcony, lobby or roof-top to be 1.05 metres (3.44 feet) from the floor-level. But in most cases the builders ignore it and place a few metal rods instead of concrete wall to make it look attractive. Some do so to cut the costs. The height of railings in balconies in most buildings are around 3-foot, which can be risky.The adhiniyam specifies action against people ignoring the building codes, but this has not deterred the builders.Architect Mukesh Bhatia told TOI, \"Most of the builders are keeping the height of the balcony railings a little low and use metal rods instead of concrete railings. These are dangerous especially for children. Metal railings have gaps making it easier for children to climb up or slip down through the gaps. It is dangerous for elders' also as metal railings that are lower in height can lead to an accidental fall.Civil Engineer Manish Sharma said that safety should be prime concern during the construction of any building, but unfortunately in the present times focus is on aesthetics. \"People are only concerned about the looks and ignore safety aspects- either due to lack of awareness or otherwise. Builders are taking advantage of it,\" he said.Secretary of CREDAI, Sandeep Shrivastava, however, denied the allegations about violation of norms and said that falling off from balcony is just an accident and it has nothing to do with the building. \"Builders of the city are abiding by the rules of national building code for height of railing and we even put an additional road above railings in high rise buildings,\" said Shrivastava.THE GUIDELINEHeight of railing in a balcony as per National Building Code 1.05 meter (3.44 feet)FATAL FALLSJuly 15: A teenager, Shikhar Lad, who went to celebrate his friend's birthday fell to death from the 10{+t}{+h} floor of a building in Shalimar Township. Shikhar went to celebrate his friend Mayur Kalra's birthday in afternoon the accident happened around 11 pm. Police said that his father dropped him was supposed to pick him up. He was waiting on the 10th floor for his father when he fell down police said.July 20: A two-year-old child fell off from the balcony at her third floor residence in Indus Green Valley and sustained serious head injuries. She was rushed to Bombay Hospital where she succumbs to injuries after a week.Deceased was the only child of her parents, who believed that their daughter died due to lack of safety measures in the building. \"While playing she climb the vertical rods put as ralling in the balcony and fell off,\" said the mother.PUNISHMENT FOR VIOLATIONViolation of the code attracts notice under section 302 of the MP Municipal Corporation Act. If the builder fails to give satisfactory explanation then the building can be declared illegal and action including removal of the said portion of the building can be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15218976", "title": "Widespread army worm infestation noticed in paddy fields", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Army worm (spodoptera lutera), commonly known as lashkari illi, has infested hundreds of hectares of paddy nursery in the paddy belt of the district. Farmers said both, paddy nursery and plantations, are being attacked by the pest. The agriculture department has warned of a widespread infestation and issued advisory for remedial measures by farmers.Infestation of the deadly pest was first noticed in Mul tehsil. Now, both paddy nursery and sowed paddy crop are under attack over thousands of hectares. Agriculture department is busy gathering details of infested area under army worm and assessing losses. Alarmed by high intensity of pest attack, ZP president Santosh Kumre carried out a survey of army worm infested area on Thursday in paddy growing tehsils along with officials of state and district agriculture department.District is all set for cultivation of paddy in 1.58 lakh hectares during this Kharif season. Delayed monsoon has delayed sowing operations in paddy dominant area. But it rained well this week, raising hopes of sowing operation. However, prolonged cloudy weather has provided ideal atmosphere for the army worm to thrive.\"Both paddy seedlings in nursery and even transplanted areas are under army worm attack. I carried out a survey with agriculture officers. Situation is bad, with widespread infestation in paddy dominant Mul, Saoli, Gondpipri, Bramhapuri and Chandrapur tehsils. Agriculture department is compiling figures of total infested area, which is suspected to be in thousands of hectares,\" said ZP president Kumre.District superintendent agriculture officer Ashok Kuril accepted that paddy bearing area is under army worm attack. \"The pest infestation is indeed there. We have already warned farmers and even issued advisory about methods to deal with army worm menace,\" he said. Kuril claimed that presently paddy nurseries are under attack, since paddy transplantation operations are yet to pick up. Notably, a hectare of paddy nursery is enough for transplantation in over 10 hectares of field.Agriculture department has advised farmers to closely inspect their crop for army worm infestation. Detailed advisory about remedial measures like manual plucking of army worm, details of pesticides, pattern of spraying etc has been issued in army worm infested areas. Officers in agriculture department are also moving from village to village in infested areas, guiding farmers about remedial measures.Notably, army worm had wrecked havoc by destroying standing crop in over 1.5 lakh hectares in 2008. Army worms attack on crop in subsequent year was of lesser intensity. However, its return has once again brought old memories of crop destruction back for farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15220779", "title": "Over 50% RTE seats go abegging in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: There are few takers for the 25% seats reserved for the economically weaker section (EWS) under the Right To Education Act, this academic year.Though all unaided schools have reserved 25% seats in Class I for needy children, more than 50% of these seats remain vacant in Dakshina Kannada district, even after admissions are done with.The department of public instruction had reserved 1,645 seats in 143 unaided schools in the district. However, the response from the EWS was lukewarm. A total of 825 applications were received for admission to Class I under the RTE category in seven blocks of the district. After scrutiny, 763 children were admitted, though only 46.38% of the allotted seats were filled.A total of 409 seats in 33 schools were reserved in Mangalore taluk block, 306 seats in 21 schools in Mangalore city, 85 seats in nine schools in Sullia, 349 in 27 schools in Puttur, 311 in 33 schools in Bantwal and 107 seats in 10 schools in Moodabidri block.Looked upon as the answer to society's lopsided progress, it appears that somewhere, there are lapses in the implementation of the RTE quota policy. Section 12(1)(c) of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act mandates that unaided schools reserve 25% seats in Class I.Lack of clarity and awareness of the provisions of the Act is said to be the reason for the poor response. The department is looking forward to implementing the scheme effectively from the next academic year. Activists working in the field of education say that poor people were not informed in advance about their privilege.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218290", "title": "Ramdev saves day for Anna, brings in crowds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed with an earthy wit and rustic charm, Baba Ramdev made an appearance at Jantar Mantar on Friday, and injected much-needed enthusiasm \u2014 as well as support of his large following \u2014 into what has been a lacklustre agitation led by activist Anna Hazare so far.In a clear show of strength, the yoga guru arrived with an entourage that could rival a Bollywood star's and effortlessly drew in crowds that had remained so elusive to Team Anna. The equation seemed to have totally changed since last August, when the yoga guru had practically forced himself on stage to share a bit of Anna Hazare's reflected glory.Joining the fasting Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai on Day 3 of the stir, Ramdev continued to express solidarity to Anna while sidelining other camp members. He echoed Anna's concern that President Pranab Mukherjee should not be targeted.\"President is a constitutional post. One should not criticize those who occupy constitutional posts. Even Anna Hazare agrees with this,\" Ramdev told reporters at Ramlila Maidan, where he would launch his agitation against blackmoney from August 9. The yoga guru, however, did not spare PM Manmohan Singh . Referring to the Time magazine cover calling him an \"underachiever\", Ramdev said, \"This is matter of shame... The country needs one honest PM and the country will change.\"Ramdev didn't just bring the janata that swelled from 300 in the morning to more than 3,000 by evening. He also brought humour to the proceedings. People were allowed to ask questions or comment during his speech at Jantar Mantar. Asked why he wasn't naming those he accused, he retorted, \"Badnaam logon ka naam nahin lena chahiye.\" He also hit out at the dwindling public support to Team Anna, an indication of the widening rift between the two sides.After the poor public turnout at Jantar Mantar, Anna has now stepped in to salvage the stir. Calling it a non-issue, Hazare said he did not care about how many people turned up to support the cause.Besides Ramdev, groups generally present at Anna fasts but who had been conspicuously absent this time around \u2014 professionals, students, women \u2014 showed up on Friday. However, there was a gap of several thousand between estimates of Team Anna and that of the police on crowd size. Team Anna members claimed there was a \"floating\" crowd of 10,000, while the cops' estimate was 5,000 in the peak hours.While the crowd size was much the same as other days in the morning, it swelled dramatically by mid-afternoon. Women seemed to have answered Kiran Bedi's call for support and come in fairly large numbers. \"After reading Kiran Bedi's tweet on my phone I immediately wanted to join. I came as soon as I was done with college. Women's participation is essential in any social movement in order to ensure that it is not one-sided,\" said DU student Aanchal Chauhan.\"It is important that an aged citizen is here protesting for us,\" said banker Neha Bhatia, who was joined in by many other professionals like her who made it to the venue on Day 3 as Delhiites finally started to pour in.Ramesh Sharma who works in the finance sector in Noida came with his wife, Sangeeta, after work. \"Corruption is something that affects all and this movement is our best bet. If people shy away from joining, there's a distinct chance that the government will just ignore the movement. We need the Jan Lokpal at any cost,\" he said.\"Everyone was saying the movement was dying and I wanted to do my bit to prevent that,\" Krishnendu Banerjee, a corporate executive, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218201", "title": "Include chapter on traffic in syllabus: Transport minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to curtail the number of road accidents in the state, the transport department is emphasising on traffic education. In this regard, state transport minister Mahendra Aridaman Singh has asked the officials from the primary and secondary education departments to include a chapter on traffic education in the textbooks of the primary and secondary school curriculum.The minister directed the education officials during the meeting of the State Road Safety Council recently. The council has met after September 22, 2005 though it was created in 1996. It has the representation from government departments and even the non-profit organisations. The minister also directed officials to have regular meetings of the council.The traffic management works on the principle of 3Es - education, engineering and enforcement. The first E stands for 'education' which means imparting knowledge on driving discipline and rules in a bid to sensitise people so that they follow the rules on their own. Second E is synonymous with 'engineering' which includes upkeep of vehicles, driving culture and planning the movement of traffic to minimise the possibilities of congestion. The last E refers to 'enforcement' of law to ensure that people follow traffic rules and fear violation of laws.The PWD officers, who were also present in the meeting, were asked to put up informative boards and signage at 715 sites, which have been identified as accident prone. The informative boards would have details like availability of cranes and ambulances, the toll free helpline numbers and also information about the concerned police station.The minister also asked the council to create 'Road Safety Fund' on the lines of Tamil Nadu. The council was informed that the transport department has already got 13 cranes and 19 ambulances, which have been handed over to the police and the medical department.Besides, there were instructions to act strict against the people flouting traffic rules and imposing heavy fine on those driving in drunken state. The transport officers were also directed to check overloading of passenger vehicles moving on city roads and on state highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221150", "title": "Absconding prisoner held from Sanwer forest", "text": "INDORE: An prisoner Dharmendra Singh, who escaped from the district jail in the first week of July, was arrested from Bhuri Tekari on Thursday night. He was carrying reward of Rs 10,000 on his head.Acting on a tip off cops went to a forest near Simrol to arrest the accused Dharmendra. During the search police party learnt that the accused is hiding in Mendal village.When the police team moved towards the village, they found a man hiding in the nearby forest who tried to escape when he noticed cops. After a little chase, police managed to catch him.Dharmendra who was tried in five loot cases managed to escape from police custody on July 5. He escaped from district court while he was brought for a hearing. The accused is booked in around 25 cases of murder, attempt to murder, loot and other such cases in different police stations of the district.The accused Dharmendra was lodged in Central Jail since April 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15220276", "title": "Goa gets notice on Western Ghats", "text": "PANAJI: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) issued notices to six states, including Goa, and Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), among others while granting interim relief on grant of environmental clearance (EC) to projects until the recommendations of the Gadgil report are taken into account.Goa-based NGOs, Goa Foundation and Peaceful Society, Karnataka's Parisara Samrakshana Kendra and Samaj Parivartana Samudaya, and Kerala's River Research Centre had filed an application with the NGT on the Gadgil panel report.The applicants had sought to restrain the state governments and MoEF from issuing any consent or environment clearance or approval (NOC) under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981,Forest Conservation Act, 1980 and the Biological Diversity Act, 2002 within the Western Ghats for areas which have been demarcated as ESZ1 and ESZ2.MoEF is yet to accept the Gadgil report, while Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently stated it was not possible to accept it, as it would lead to closure of the major part of the state for any development activity.The five NGOs had participated in the Western Ghats march held between 1987 and '88 to create awareness about the dangers to the global biodiversity hotspot. \"They thereafter pursued the conservation of the rich ecosystem on which millions depend for their livelihood,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215060", "title": "Caste panchayat issues diktat; woman flees village", "text": "JAIPUR: A caste panchayat has allegedly threatened to expel a woman from her village in Dausa and destroy her house there after she refused to withdraw a police complaint against one of her relatives.Mamta Kanwar, a resident of Jhaparawas village in Dausa's Sikrai area, has approached the Rajasthan Commission for Women (RCW) with her complaint.Kanwar told TOI that she has been threatened by the caste panchayat and had to leave her village.\"I was staying at my in-laws house in the village along with my two sons and a daughter till recently. I was forced to leave the village on the directions of the caste panchayat,\" Mamta alleged. She said her husband Megh Singh works as a labourer in Jaipur's Kanota locality.Elaborating her complaint, Kanwar said she had a land dispute with a relative from her in-laws side. \"This relative had barged into my house and attempted to misbehave with me when I approached authorities complaining that he was trying to grab my property,\" she said.She further said the relative was arrested from her house in an inebriated condition on July 20.\"I have been subjected to torture since his arrest. A meeting of the caste panchayat was also held in the village on July 22. When I came to know about it, I left the village fearing for my life,\" Kanwar said.She alleged that the caste leaders issued a dictate asking her to withdraw the police complaint immediately. \"When I refused to follow the diktat, another meeting was held on July 25 in which I was expelled from the village. The caste leaders also ordered that my house be razed,\" she rued.Kanwar claimed that she had approached the police and the district administration officials, but no one came forward to help her. \"I have now submitted an application to the RCW seeking help,\" she said.Recently, cases of harassment by the caste panchayats are on the rise in the state. A woman and her paramour had been stripped half naked in front of a crowd of about 1,000 villagers in Udaipur's Sarada area on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15220063", "title": "Groups clash over Gogol mosque management", "text": "MARGAO: A scuffle took place between two groups at a mosque in Housing Board, Gogol, over the accountability of accounts managed by the trust managing the mosque on Friday.Both the groups were seen having frantic discussions in large numbers at the Margao town police station.After a few hours of closed door meetings with DySP Mohan Naik and the two groups, they were asked to amicably maintain peace and law and order or else the police would be forced to intervene. Incidentally, members of the public, who visit the mosque for their daily prayers formed a committee and confronted the trustees of the mosque on Thursday night.The trustees subsequently called the Margao police and complained against the members of the committee that gheraoed them. Police had visited the mosque area and the issue appeared to have been resolved on Thursday night itself. But, the two groups are believed to have met on Friday morning where there was verbal spat leading to a scuffle.Four people were arrested including Amin Bowar, Rafiq Bowar from Moti Dongor, Mehboob Thakkar from Sirvodem-Navelim and Shaikh Nashir from Peda-Khareband.Naik said that if there was a repeat of the incident, both, the trust and the committee would be dissolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215970", "title": "Man dupes woman by promising loan, nabbed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 47-year-old man was arrested by the Gamdevi police for duping people by promising them loans at low interest rates and taking processing fees from them.The accused, Dalchand Devagan, has been booked for cheating, forgery and breach of trust. He has been remanded in police custody. Devagan has allegedly cheated people in Gujarat, Goa and Maharashtra. The complaint was filed a woman, Sukreen Sunny Waaz, who alleged Devagan took Rs 25,000 from her by promising to get her a loan of Rs 5 lakh at five per cent interest. The police have learnt that Devagan has more than 11 accounts in various banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218595", "title": "Restriction down, buildings to go up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's skyline is set to change as the administration plans to relax height restrictions in southern sectors to allow structures with ground floor plus five storeys in future for 'space optimization.' This would be a major deviation from the present height restriction of ground floor plus three storeys.Sources said the urban planning department has decided to allow upcoming structures, especially housing schemes, to go higher in the third-phase sectors of the city from Sector 47 to 63. A provision will also be made in the master plan of the city, which is expected to be ready shortly.The existing housing apartments in the southern sectors have a maximum of three storeys, with some having stints for parking instead of the ground floor. But given the craze for owning a dwelling unit in Chandigarh, the decision would bring some relief as more families could be accommodated.\"While even in adjoining Mohali and Panchkula, there is not much appreciation in prices of flats and prospective buyers prefer plots, there is a mad scramble even for owning a two BHK (bedroom hall kitchen) flat in Chandigarh. Prices double in a few years,\" said Kamaljeet Singh Anand, property dealer based in Sector 49.However, the relaxation in height restrictions is unlikely to be extended to the existing structures.\"There has neither been any request from any quarter nor has the structural stability of the existing flats been studied to consider such a move,\" said a UT official.The upcoming housing project of Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) in Sector 63 is likely to be the first residential structure in the city to have five storeys. \"It was due to a land dispute between Chandigarh and Punjab that the urban planning department allowed increase in height of the flats, which were originally planned to be five storeyed,\" said a CHB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bajugaon ( assam )", "code": "15218323", "title": "Silence, mistrust grip riot-hit villages in Assam", "text": "BAJUGAON ( ASSAM ): As the car left the National Highway, leading to Guwahati, and rolled down on a pebbled road towards north - hardly 3 kilometres from the Bengal border - three CRPF men, chatting with each other, raised an alarm. \"Zyada andaar mat jaaiye. Gaon ka haal kuch thik nahi hain (don't venture inside the village, the situation is tense).\"For the administration, the entire area under Gosaigaon subdivision is one of the worst affected and ethnic clashes reportedly forced more than 10000 people to flee from the area.Like any other village road, the narrow path goes through the farmland and scattered localities. After travelling a few yards, an eerie silence gripped the area. The entire road is deserted, even the domestic animals could not be spotted on the roads. could not be spotted on the fields. The entire area is silent like a grave yard.As the car entered a village after crossing the farmland, the charred corrugated tin sheets, torched wall, broken windows and collapsed houses could easily tell one how the violence has left its mark on this village of Simultapu PGR. One after another, uncounted,like a wild fire raged all the houses.A small group of youths were found at the backyard of a house. Their Mongoloid feature will help one identify them as Bodos, one of the warring ethnic groups. Suspicion and mistrust were in their eyes. Armed with catapult and wooden sticks, two youths came forward. A casual chat revealed that they are the sentries, who will alert others, if people from rival ethnic group sneak into the village.Pradip Narjari, one of the youths in his mid twenties, could only manage to save his white vest and trousers what he was wearing was the only thing he family savefrom his torched house. Most of the Bodo houses are built of wood and mud and corrugated tin sheets were used on the roof.The tin sheets of the village houses collapsed after fire reduced the wooden beams into ashes.Wooden windows and doors with all furnitures were turned into charcoal.The attackers did not even spare the small temple on the premises of his house. Some one perhaps ploughed the cemented floor.\"We couldn't save anything,\" said Pradip, busy removing the charred furniture. From a heap of ash, he suddenly pulled out a piece of paper, partially burned - a ration card carrying the identity of the family.Like Simultapu PGR village, flames could still be spotted at villages like Hauriapeth, Burichatam and Gokulkanta. Empty villages, charred houses, smoke bellowing out of granary, half burnt books, pieces of religious flags just bearing a tale tell evidence of the fierce clash between two ethnic groups.Pradip was not the lone sufferer, Sibsaran Basumatari has also lost everything. Now, their family are staying at a nearby relief camp, waiting for food since Thursday night. His a year old kid Suman has no difference with month old khalilur at Najarin village in Bengal, whose parents fled from the same simultapu village. Violence snatched home from both, even their parents are unable to provide a little milk to their kids.\"Its collateral damage that is ruining us all,\" admits Pradyut Iswary, a schoolteacher at Bajugaon, who witnessed similar riots in past. The middle-aged teacher explained, \"It's not only a damage of property. The clash has triggered a mistrust among us, which is more dangerous.\" No one will be easy with each other, keeping alive the nightmare,\" said Iswari.Leaving the National Highway leading to Guwahati, the car rolled down to a pebbled road towards north - hardly three kms from the Bengal border. Three CRPF men who were chatting just beside the highway pronounced the caution \"Jyada andar mat jaiye. Gaon ke haal kuch thik nahi hain'-- Don't go far inside. Still the condition of the village is not good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15225987", "title": "US Congress votes for designating Haqqani network as terror group", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Senate has unanimously passed a resolution urging the Obama administration to designate the dreaded Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organisation.The resolution comes after the US House of Representatives passed Haqqani Network Terrorist Designation Act of 2012 early this month.The bill, which was passed last year, had to be passed by the Senate again because of the changes made in it by the House.After Senate's latest decision to pass the amended House version by unanimous consent, the bill now heads to the White House for President Barack Obama's consent to make it a law.The bill requires the State Department to decide within a month whether the Haqqani Network meets the criteria for the designation, in the absence of which the Pakistan-based terror outfit can raise funds in the US.\"This is a significant development, the House and the Senate have now spoken unanimously that the President should designate the Haqqani Network as a foreign terrorist organization,\" said Congressman Mike Rogers, chairman of permanent select committee on intelligence.\"The Haqqanis are engaged in a reign of terror in Afghanistan and the network poses the single largest threat for IED's our soldiers face in that country. They actively plot and kill US and allied soldiers and routinely harm innocent Afghan civilian men, women and children in their path,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218619", "title": "New-look higher secondary from 2013", "text": "KOLKATA: Come 2013, students appearing for higher secondary examination will face a sea change in their courses, be it selection of subjects or alteration in question pattern. In a meeting on Friday, the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education has decided to prepare subject combinations in such a way that students cannot select only \"scoring\" subjects.It is learnt that subjects have been divided into three sets - Science, Commerce and Humanities. According to sources, the council has also decided to do away with Geology, Pali and French, subjects that hardly have any takers. Environment Studies, which till now was a 100 marks compulsory paper, will be offered as an elective subject in Science henceforth.\"Other boards, too, have discontinued with the subject. It was putting our HS students at a disadvantageous position compared with their competitors from other boards since colleges do not consider scores in environment studies while calculating the aggregate. For other boards, it is considered as a valid subject since they offer the course as an elective subject,\" said council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay.At Friday's council meeting, it was also decided that question pattern will change from 2013. \"The students who will appear in Class XI examinations in 2014 and HS exams in 2015 will have to face the change. The question paper will consist of 30% MCQs, 20% short objectives and 50% analytical questions. In Science, 70 marks will be on theory and 30 marks will be allotted for practical examinations. In other streams, 80 marks will be on theory and 20 marks will be allotted to project work,\" added Chattopadhyay.The HS council has also decided to publish books in several other subjects, including Gujrati, Santhali, journalism and mass communication, among others. Students will be able to take the examinations in Alchiki language, too, apart from English, Bengali, Hindi, Urdu and Nepali from 2013 onwards.\"As per the decision by COBSE, HS Council has decided the marks of Class XI annual examinations will be reflected on HS marksheet,\" Chattopadhyay said. The decisions have been forwarded to the education department for the final approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15226564", "title": "Court terms 'beheading' of Mayawati's statue as sedition, police call it sacrilege", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Friday termed the act of 'beheading' the statue of former chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati as sedition, an act of promoting enmity and disturbing the harmony of the society.The court turned down the bail plea of the three accused Alok Srivastava, Arpit Alok Srivastava and Vishal Mishra and sent them to jail under judicial custody till August 9.The three accused, who were produced in the court in heavy security, pleaded that they had not vandalised the statue of Mayawati and it was others, who did the act, and therefore the above offences are not attracted towards them.However, Chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay, after hearing, said that the act of the accused also amounted to an offence under 124-A of the IPC. The police has booked these accused under sections 153-A, 295-A, 34 &amp; 120-B of the IPC and section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984.\"If strict action is not initiated against such erring persons, other statues may also be vandalised in future. The vandalism of statues may cause anarchy, hatred and disharmony,\" the judge remarked.The judge wrote in his order that the act of the accused had disturbed the law and order not only in Lucknow, but in the entire state. People resorted to dharna and agitation, which affected public life. The way in which the statue was vandalised, it can disintegrate the society. \"If the society is disintegrated, it may cause disintegration of the country,\" he observed.The three accused were arrested on Thursday after the incident in which six unidentified men smashed Mayawati's marble statue at Ambedkar park. These three were the owner of the public relation firm which organised Thursday's press conference in which the prime accused Amit Jani, who is also president of a little known political outfit Uttar Pradesh Navnirman Sena. Jani announced before media persons that his party workers will break statues of Mayawati if they are not removed by the Samajwadi Party (SP) government. He said that the statues were the symbol of scams which took place during Maya rule. He also reminded SP of its poll promise that if voted to power, its government will demolish the statues. However, he said, SP went back on its promise after winning elections.The police lodged FIR against Jani and other unidentified accused under IPC section 295, which prescribes two years imprisonment for \"\"damaging place of worship or object considered sacred by a section of people.\"\"The police has also slapped section 153A of the IPC which can result in imprisonment upto five years for \"promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc., and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214759", "title": "Rowdy-sheeter, kin lynched", "text": "HYDERABAD: A rowdy-sheeter along with his relative was killed by his rivals at a dhaba on the outskirts of Kurnool town on Friday. Doraswami, 30, and Immanuel were attacked by a 12-member gang with hunting sickles when they were having lunch at the dhaba. Both died on the spot, while three of their associates fled from the spot.Doraswami was accused in the murder of one Narasimhulu in Ganesh Nagar area in the year 2011. Police suspect that Doraswami was eliminated by the followers of Narasimhulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218397", "title": "Couple heckled by auto driver plead for bail", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-year-old woman who was forced into an auto rickshaw, taken to a Pyarabagan slum and heckled by the dwellers and an auto-driver at Sarat Bose Road on July 19, had to plead for bail in an Alipore court on Friday. The reason, on July 24, five days after the incident, the auto-driver Bikash Shah had complained that it isn't him but the couple who'd hit his vehicle, assaulted him and stolen his silver neckchain. The police, the next day, lodged another FIR for the same incident.An Alipore court later granted the victim and her husband Sandip Biswas bail for a personal bond of Rs 1000 each.This isn't all. Bikash's lawyer Dibendu Bhattacharya has lodged a fresh complaint in the court seeking directions to Bhowanipore Police to investigate the case and also add section 379 IPC or theft charges against the couple for stealing his client's silver neckchain. Bhattacharya said: \"The police, based on Bikash's complaint have already lodged an FIR, all under bailable sections of IPC. But this charge is non-bailable. Why wouldn't the police add this section? On Bikash's behalf, I informed the court on Friday that the case records should be called for. If Bikash's complaint explicitly mentions theft, it should be added. The magistrate has called for the police report.\"Now, the couple are facing charges of rash driving (279 IPC), mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50 (Sec 427 IPC), wrongful confinement (Sec 341 IPC), causing hurt (Sec 323 IPC) and criminal intimidation (506 IPC) based on Bikash's July 24 complaint. Though Bikash refused to speak to ToI, his lawyer said, \"After being assaulted, Bikash was treated by a local doctor and he was suffering from mental trauma. That is why it took him sometime to lodge the complaint.\"But the moot question now doing the rounds is whether or not police can lodge two FIRs for a single incident. The apex court on July 12, 2011 in the T T Antony vs State Of Kerala &amp; Ors, had clearly laid down the principle for it. It said, \"Apart from a vague information by a phone call or a cryptic telegram, the information first entered in the station house diary, kept for this purpose, by the officer in charge of a police station is the First Information Report (FIR) postulated by Section 154 of CrPC. All other information made orally or in writing after the commencement of the investigation into the cognisable offence disclosed from the facts mentioned in the First Information Report and entered in the station house diary by the police officer or such other cognisable offences as may come to his notice during the investigation, will be statements falling under Section 162 of CrPC. No such information/statement can properly be treated as an FIR and entered in the station house diary again, as it would in effect be a second FIR and the same cannot be in conformity with the scheme of the CrPC.\"If this principle is applicable, Bikash's statement would have been recorded and tagged to the FIR lodged by the couple on July 19. This wouldn't mean police are giving more credence to one complaint against the other.\"Police investigate first and based on its findings, submit either a final report or charge sheet. Sections can always be added or deleted based on the evidence. Moreover, if someone were to report any false FIR, it would immediately draw prosecution under section 211 IPC. There is no reason to lodge two FIRs in the same incident,\" a senior officer opined.The victim said: \"I don't know what to say. Is this the price I'm paying for raising my voice? A CCTV footage doing rounds shows it wasn't the auto which hit our car, but the other way round. But does that explain why was I dragged to the nearby slum and assaulted.\" Police had come in for criticism for not adding abduction or kidnapping charges leading to Bikash getting a bail the next morning.The Supreme Court said:There can be no second FIR and consequently there can be no fresh investigation on receipt of every subsequent information in respect of the same cognisable offence or the same occurrence or incident giving rise to one or more cognisable offences. On receipt of information about a cognisable offence or an incident giving rise to a cognisable offence or offences and on entering the FIR in the station house diary, the officer-in-charge of a police station has to investigate not merely the cognisable offence reported in the FIR, but also other connected offences found to have been committed in the course of the same transaction or the same occurrence and file one or more reports as provided in Section 173 of the CrPCWhat Does Section 210 CrPC Say?When a complaint is made to a court and the Magistrate learns during the inquiry or trial that police are already investigating the case, the Magistrate shall stay the proceedings of such inquiry or trial and call for a report on the matter from the police officer conducting the investigation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15220820", "title": "Vratha finds few takers", "text": "MANGALORE: Though 'Varamahalaxmi vratha' is celebrated with great fervour in the state, it hardly counts as a religious event in coastal regions.The vratha is performed by married Hindu women the Friday before the full moon day in the month of 'Shravana' - July/August according to the Hindu calendar. The women perform pujas seeking blessings from goddess Mahalakshmi, wife of Lord Vishnu, who is believed to bring wealth and prosperity. \"Those who cannot perform it on that day, can do so any other Friday of the month,'' says Subrahmanya Tantri of Urva Marigudi, who performed the rituals.He says that it is not a popular religious event here. \"People who have migrated from old Mysore regions to this part are those who observe it traditionally. As far the people in the coast are concerned, they just visit the temples on the auspicious day, perform puja and sahasranamarchane,\" he said. This trend has been seen only in the last 15 years or so, he added.On Friday, a 'kalasha' symbolically representing Goddess Lakshmi was placed in many temples and women did 'kumkumarchane' to lampposts seeking Goddess Lakshmi's blessings. Tantri says at Urva, there were 10 lampposts, so there may be 40,000-50,000 kumkumarchane performed.At Mangaladevi temple, thousands of women took part in the vratha. At Kalikamba Vinayaka Temple near Car Street, the silver mask of Goddess Lakshmi was installed on the kalasha and puja was performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15221243", "title": "Rajrappa becomes first polybag-free zone in state", "text": "RAMGARH: Rajrappa temple, considered to be one the dirtiest tourist spots in the state, has become the first polythene-free place of Jharkhand.All 512 shops on the temple premises have shunned the use of polythene bags. The traders have also stopped selling disposable plastic glasses. The temple attracts around 25 lakh pilgrims from all over the country and abroad in a year.The initiative was taken by a group of 35 people, including 25 women, who are working on behalf of the state tourism department. \"There was a time when the entire premises of the temple and its adjoining areas looked like a dumping yard. Since polybags are not biodegradable, it even choked the sewage system. During monsoon, the drains overflowed and the pilgrims had to wade through filth to reach the temple,\" said Rekha, who was seen educating visitors about the ban on use of plastic on temple premises.Rekha along with Rita, Sunita, Renu and Vijaywanti religiously stood at the two entry points of the temple with a red flag and request the visitors not to use polythene bags. \"We come at 5am and stay here till 2pm and on an average stop 500 four wheelers and buses and ask its occupants not to use polythene,\" said Rakha.Avinash Kumar and Vikas, who monitor the work and spread awareness among the locals, said 25 women were engaged in two shifts to clean the place. \"All of them assemble at the temple at 4am and work till 9am. They return at 2pm and stay till 6 in the evening,\" said Avinash. In return, the state government pays each volunteer Rs 145 per day.Tourism director Sidharth Tripathy said the initiative was taken by the government after it came to know from a recent survey that Rajrappa was tagged as one of the dirtiest places in the country. \"We decided to launch a campaign and as a first step we cleaned the entire place with help of residents of 20 nearby villages,\" said Tripathy.\"In the last one month, we have made the place polythene bag free and not a single shop gives 'prasad' in a polybag. All the shops are using biodegradable bags and even requesting the devotees to resist from using it,\" Tripathy said, adding that in the second phase the department would launch similar campaign in Deoghar and Parasnath.Praising the role of villagers, he said the initiative bore fruit because of them. \"Polythene ban at Rajrappa was notified by the government six years backs but it has become possible only now, thanks to the active support and participation of villagers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220594", "title": "3 corporators issued show-cause notices", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has served show-cause notices to three corporators asking them why they should not be disqualified for submitting fake caste and birth certificates and hiding facts in the affidavit filed before the civic elections.Sources at the PMC said that notices were served to the corporators earlier this week and they have been given 15 days to reply.Two of the three corporators - Kalpana Bahirat and Priya Gadade - belong to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), while the third corporator - Pradeep Gaikwad - represents the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).The corporators are facing different charges related to providing wrong information in their election nominations. Gadade had allegedly submitted a fake birth certificate, Bahirat had allegedly submitted a fake caste certificate, while Gaikwad had allegedly submitted an affidavit that provided wrong information about the number of children he has.Gadade is an elected member from panel number 56(Parvati area), Bahirat is a representative of panel number 40 (Mangalwar Peth area), while Gaikwad has been elected from panel number 22(Tadiwala road area).\"The civic administration, which had received complaints against the three corporators, made an inquiry into the matter. Primary evidence suggests that there is substance in the complaints. We have sent notices to the corporators asking them to file their say and explain why they should not be disqualified,\" said additional commissioner Naresh Zurmure.Zurmure said the final decision on the disqualification would be taken once the corporators submit their replies to the PMC. \"The disqualification process will be started if the replies are not found satisfactory,\" he added.Both the MNS corporators confirmed that they have received the notices. Bahirat said, \"I have all the documents to prove that my caste, as I had mentioned in the document during the election, is correct. I am in the process of drafting the reply through my lawyers. I will submit the reply soon.\"Gadade refuted the allegations, calling them \"meaningless and wrong.\" She further said that she will reply to the notice in the next couple of days.Gaikwad said, \"This has been done by my political rivals. However, the matter is subjudice and I will reply to the notice after taking my lawyer's advice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219989", "title": "Krishna may pip Hillary\u2019s globe-trotter record", "text": "NEW DELHI: As foreign minister S M Krishna justifiably logs frequent flyer miles travelling to countries all over the world. From old friends to neighbours to new lands, Krishna is a man on the move. For instance, he has met the Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi so many times this year that they've taken to greeting each other with a resigned, \"Hi Friend\".But he still has one more peak to conquer. The US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has travelled to 102 countries. Krishna, in only three years, has travelled to 87 nations. But his staff believes he will overtake her record. Clinton has another few months on the job, so her record could go up to 120, if she is ambitious. Krishna will be visiting Iran , Pakistan and the US this year itself, not to speak of a bunch of other nations.By next year, Krishna could well become the most widely-travelled foreign minister in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227317", "title": "Midnight\u2019s Children is releasing on Oct 26th: Deepa Mehta", "text": "Deepa Mehta speaks to Subhash K Jha on her movie Midnight's ChildrenThe moral police in India is constantly out to get you and Salman Rushdie . Do you foresee trouble in releasing Midnight's Children(MC) in India?Over time and with experience, I now ignore the supposed controversy and focus on the work itself. In the worse -case scenario, the work won't have a chance to release in India. but fingers crossed.Have you found a distributor for the film in India?We are currently working on that . The film is releasing on October 26th.Would there be a separate Hindi version of MC for the Hindi speaking audience?I hope so, eventually, yes.Midnight's Children is unarguably your most ambitious project. How did you cope with the numerous locational changes and other practical problems?I became a regular devotee of my local gym before we went to production. I knew that I needed the muscle, literally and figuratively, before we went into production, as it required a tone of stamina, physically, mentally and emotionally. With any film shoot, it invariably took a few detours from our original map, but despite it all, we got there, arms and legs (I think!) intact. Isn't the road less traveled supposed to be the more interesting one, anyway?I believe the shooting was constantly throwing forward new levels of excitement?There was always something going on, whether it be elephants, a room full of screaming babies, torrential rains, cobras, you name it. It really felt like a marathon at times .We shot in sixty locations in a very short time. How we pulled that off, I'm still in not sure, but the producer David Hamilton and production designer, Dilip Mehta were absolutely instrumental in that aspect.David, your life partner, walked quite a tightrope trying to get all the period details right?Ha, David does that literally. A little known fact is that David is able to walk a tightrope .It is a physical skill whose mental equivalent was quite necessary to make this film!Dolly Ahluwalia who is currently a craze as the zany mom in Vicky Donor has done costumes for over 600 characters?Dolly Ahluwalia did an outstanding job, as did Ritu Kumar who designed the wedding attire. I had a very specific colour palette , peacock feathers with white being a predominant color and splashes of red through out the film. Between the costumes and the locations, the movie really looks so rich and vivid. I am hopeful that the audience will feel that they have been taking on a journey by the time they leave the theatre.You've chosen a veritable treasure house of actors. Which are your favourite performances in MC?I am so proud of the cast. All of them put in 110% and were ready to roll with the punches, work hard and step up to the challenge. Before we went to shoot, I did workshops with the actors, led by the incredible theatre director Neelam Mansingh, which were based on the Natya Sastra. Not once on set did an actor ask me what their motivation in a scene was because they already understood their character with a sense of depth and complexity. Everyone in their own way exceeded my expectations. And the young actors too were outstanding. Darsheel, Purav and the simply delightful Anamika. Have the actors all lived up to your expectations specially the celluloid Salim? Is the young actor what you expected him to be?I had a huge list of expectations for Satya Bhabha, the actor we cast as Saleem Sinai. He's such an iconic and beloved literary character. It is a performance that simultaneously requires innocence, optimism, sadness, hope, imagination and naivete. Even though Saleem is an idealist by nature, there is a certain degree of humble strength and presence that is required, and Satya brought both. Satya was extremely hard -working and was so involved in the role. He is a thoughtful, cerebral actor. When he taps into his emotional core though... wow! He is quite something. Darsheel Safary, who plays the young Saleem, was in Satya's words,\" a tough act to follow\"! Darsheel is a natural but also very disciplined for one so young.You've shot dazzling scenes of holocaust and battle including the Bangladesh massacre. You are no stranger to massacre scenes(Earth had them).How difficult was it for you to shoot scenes of such unimaginable brutality?It can be very emotionally draining. However, those types of scenes often require a huge level of focus and orchestration to pull off, so often, While I'm concentrating my energy on creating such a scene, when I walk away or get a rare moment of quiet, I emotionally process the implications of what we just shot. While it may not be real life on a film set, to know that at some point in time, certain events were real, with real people is quite powerful and humbling to say the least.Tell me about your next project in some detail .The next project is a film called Masterpiece, a story about the French artiste Henri Matisse and his nurse, model and muse, Monique Bourgeois that we will be shooting in France. It's all very exciting and I very much look forward to shooting it. But after some rest when Midnight's Children releases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15220675", "title": "North Eastern Council rewards for Olympic medal winners from NE", "text": "SHILLONG: The North Eastern Council (NEC) secretariat has announced cash awards of Rs 40 lakh, Rs 20 lakhs and Rs 10 lakh for gold, silver and bronze medalists from the northeast in the London Olympics.The NEC, in the past, had given out Rs 10 lakhs, Rs 5 lakhs and Rs 3 lakhs to gold, silver and bronze medalists of Asian and Common Wealth Games and Rs 3 lakhs, Rs 2 lakhs and Rs 1 lakh to gold, silver and bronze medalists at the Jharkhand National Games under the \"North Eastern Council Chairman's Sports Award for Excellence\".\"For the Jharkhand National Games, altogether Rs 7.82 crore was given to all medal winners from NE states during the 61st plenary meet of the NEC recently held in New Delhi. Cash awards were given to excellent sportspersons from all NE states for the Jharkhand Games,\" an official statement issued here said.Meanwhile, in a separate development, the Central department of higher education is setting up new polytechnics in the North NE region - Assam (21), Arunachal Pradesh (7), Mizoram (6), Nagaland (5), Meghalaya (4), Tripura (3), Manipur (2) and Sikkim (2).\"Under this component, the Centre provides financial assistance to states and Union Territories, subject to Rs 12.30 crore per polytechnic, to meet the cost of establishing a polytechnic in the districts which do not have any government polytechnic and also in underserved districts, provided the respective states and Union Territory governments provide land free of cost, meet 100 per cent recurring expenditure and also non-recurring expenditure, if any,\" an official release read.During the 11th plan period, out of 300 \"unserved/underserved\" districts in the country, 277 were provided partial financial assistance to the tune of Rs 1566.99 crore till March 31, 2012, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "behrampur", "code": "15219764", "title": "Berhampur rallies to boost weightlifter Ravi's morale", "text": "BEHRAMPUR: Sports lovers and well wishers in Berhampur are agog over local lad weightlifter K Ravi Kumar's participation in the London Olympics, which kicked off on Friday.A Berhampur-based artist has created a wax sculpture of the weightlifter, who is a medal hopeful in the mega sporting event.P Vindod Kumar, a former drawing teacher at Government Girls' High School here, made the nine-inch miniature to wish Ravi Kumar success. \"I took around a week to make the sculpture and aimed to finish it just before the start of the Olympic Games,\" he said. The sculpture was finished on Thursday evening.The wax model of Ravi Kumar in a weightlifting pose is kept in glass case. \"I want to present the sculpture to Ravi Kumar after his return from London\" he said. \"Winning or losing is immaterial for us. His participation in the Olympics has made us proud,\" Vinod Kumar said.The 52-year-old artist has also created a miniature hockey stick and ball and placed them inside a fused bulb. \"I created these to wish success to the two Odia players in the national hockey squad OlympicVinod Kumar said he had taken up creating miniature sculptures ahead mega sports events as a hobby. Earlier, he had erected sculptures inside fused bulbs on the eve of IPL Cricket, World Cup Football , Commonwealth Games among others. He has also made a mini image of Indian skipper MS Dhoni inside a mini bulb. \"I will present it to Dhoni when he comes to Cuttack or Visakhapatnam to play,\" the artist said.Meanwhile, several sports lovers and former weightlifters took out a rally in Berhampur wishing success to Ravi Kumar. The rally on Friday was organized by the Veer Hanuman Circus Physical Institute. Ravi Kumar started his career as a weightlifter from the Veer Hanuman Circus Physical Institute before he was selected to join in the SAI hostel in 2005. \"Since he is a member of our club, it is proud for us and we organized a rally wishing his success in the Olympics,\" said club president Bikram Kumar Panda. \"The rally in his home town will definitely boost Ravi's morale. Moreover, it will install sportsman spirit among children,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15220693", "title": "Stealing musk melons gets woman killed", "text": "SONIPAT: A 42-year-old dalit woman was bludgeoned to death at Sisana in Haryana's Sonipat district for trespassing and plucking musk melons from an upper caste farmer's field on Thursday evening.Police sources said Lakshmi Devi was killed as the farmer chased and repeatedly hit her with a brick after seeing her stealing melons from his field. The farmer's identity has not been revealed. Sources said evidence gathered from the murder scene indicated that she had resisted the farmer's attack. \"The victim was carrying a sickle which also had blood on its edge, indicating that she too had attacked the assailant,\" a police source said. \"The farmer will be arrested soon.''SHO Kuldeep Singh said forensic experts had collected cloth pieces and other evidence from the spot. Some villagers had spotted the woman in a pool of blood in the fields outside the village and rushed her to a hospital in Rohtak, where doctors declared her brought dead.The police had constituted five teams to investigate the case and declared a reward of Rs 50,000 for any clue about the accused. Sarpanch Pramod Kumar said the victim was a mother of five and was returning home after collecting fodder when she was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15221146", "title": "Shibu party to send team to strife-torn Assam", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has asked the Centre to ensure safety and security of the Bodo tribals who have been attacked by Muslims in ethnic clashes in western Assam.JMM senior vice-president Sudhir Mahato, also a former deputy chief minister, on Friday said the party would send a fact-finding delegation to the violence-hit districts of Assam to ascertain the loss of life and property.\"I have to put up the matter before the party following which the party president ( Shibu Soren ) will decide on the size and shape of the delegation,\" said Mahato. On the basis of the findings of the delegation, the party will decide what help it could extend to the affected people. \"We could also appeal to the state (Jharkhand) government to extend help to the affected people on humanitarian grounds but first we need to assess the situation,\" Mahato told newsmen at his residence.He said several tribal people residing in the Bodo areas of Assam had roots in Jharkhand and it was paramount to look after their well-being. \"Why tribals in Assam are frequently subjected to atrocities. The local state government and the Union government led by the Congress need to answer,\" said Mahato.He said if the Assam government fails to check the ugly trend of frequent violence, the Union government should impose President's rule in the state. \"Regardless of whether the affected people are of Jharkhand origin or not, it is the job of the respective provincial government to ensure safety and security to the innocent people,\" said Mahato. He said innocent minority community people had also been targeted by the perpetrator of the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15221579", "title": "Fever spreads in Valparai, water blamed", "text": "COIMBATORE: At least 20 women including three nine-year-old children have been admitted to the government hospital in Valparai with high fever, headache and dizziness. All affected people belong to families of labourers employed in the Ryan division of Tamil Nadu Tea Plantation Corporation Limited (TANTEA) estate. Eleven of them were admitted to the hospital on Thursday night, while the remaining on Friday. A few others who sought medical help with similar symptoms were sent back after they were given medication at the government hospital and the primary health centre. Preliminary reports hint at contaminated water as the source of infection.\"A team of doctors will conduct further medical check-up of the people employed in the Ryan division. Patients are being treated at the hospital and water samples were taken for analysis,\" said M Arumugam, CPI MLA, Valparai assembly constituency.According to Valparai Municipality chairman V Sathyamani Muthu, a doctor from the PHC visited the division on Friday and distributed pills to the people who complained of fever. A detailed report is expected to be sent to the department of public health services about the incident. Though all 20 people admitted to the hospital have recorded body temperature of about 104 degrees, none of them are in a critical state at the moment, it was said. \"It could be typhoid but we are waiting for the detailed report,\" Arumugam added.People in the affected division of the estate have been advised to consume only boiled water for the next few days after local people alleged that the water storage facility from where drinking water is supplied to them is not maintained properly. Local ward member A Sudhakar claimed that some of the children at a local panchayat school were also affected with fever for the last three days.\"There is no adequate facility to treat the large number of patients at Valparai government hospital. An expert team of doctors should be immediately sent to the area to ascertain the seriousness of the situation,\" A Sudhakar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15220982", "title": "'Innovation can drive industries to new height'", "text": "RANCHI: There can be no growth without industries paying attention to innovation. In the age of cut-throat competition it is only innovation that can drive industries to new heights, said IBM's country head V Neelakantan.Neelakantan was speaking at a daylong summit on leadership Confluence of Industry Captains Vision 2020 organized by Indian Institute of Management Ranchi. \"The chances of growth in the computer industry are huge in India. The customers, however, want only novel things,\" he added.Leaders from leading industries at the summit said it was the leadership and innovation that made an industry successful. IIM-Ranchi organized the programme to provide its students a platform to come close to the leaders who are behind industrial innovations in various parts of the country and learn.Chairman and managing director Jindal Power and Steel Limited Sanjay Sharma suggested that agricultural land should not be used for setting up industries.\"The steel industry should try to penetrate in the rural areas. It is still to be done by the companies. The government should give barren land for the allocation to the industries,\" said Sharma.Elaborating on the achievements of JPSL, Sharma shared industrial success tips with the aspiring MBAs. \"The thrust should be on technological discipline. We are not able to tap the technological potential to the best due to the lack of technological discipline,\" he said. tnnShivalik Pratap, the in-charge of new business development Map My India (a website), said the opportunities were huge in India. \"In foreign countries you need to search for opportunities. But in India you just have to look around, opportunities are spread all around you.\"Pratap added that India was getting homogenized and thus opportunities were huge. \"It is easy to do business due to the homogenization. Students should be firm in their decisions and ready to face challenges for in route,\" he added.Managing director of Jharcraft Dhirendra Kumar encouraged students. \"Nothing is unattainable. People might be sceptical but with values and determination one can achieve the targets,\" he said while adding that the silk industry was on its way to touch the sky.Around 180 students of first and second year attended the workshop. \"The programme has provided us a needful exposure to the industry. The discussions were healthy for mind and will definitely broaden our exposure,\" said Abhilasha Bhatt, a first year PGDM student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15220680", "title": "Kukis oppose new commando post at Moreh", "text": "IMPHAL: The people of Moreh town opposed the opening of a state police commando unit at the border town at a time when security forces have stepped up vigil to check the movement of rebels along the Indo-Myanmar boundary in Manipur's Chandel district.On Thursday afternoon, a large number of people, mostly Kukis, staged a road block at New Mongjang village near Khudengtabi along the Imphal-Moreh route to prevent the entry of a team of police commandos that have been posted at Moreh. The blocked the road with logs and bamboos and burnt tyres in the middle of the road. Some of them even lied down on the road.The Hill Tribal Council of Moreh, Kuki Women's Union, Kuki Chiefs' Association of Moreh and Moreh Youth Club alleged that the presence of commandos will breach peace at the border town.They held placards reading \"We want peace\", \"No need for Commandos in Moreh\", \"Go back Commandos\", \"Don't break peace at Moreh Mr Ibobi\" and \"Where there are commandos, there is bloodshed\".The leaders of the civil bodies said since enough forces, including Assam Rifles, Manipur Police and Manipur Rifles, are already posted at Moreh, there is no need for police commandos. The deployment of the police commandos are being opposed in the hill districts because of their track record of human rights abuses in Imphal valley. Alleging that the presence of commandos at Moreh will worsen the situation at the border town, activists urged the government to revoke its decision of deploying the force.A meeting with leaders of several Kuki civil bodies and top police officers, led by additional director general of police LM Khoute, was convened at Moreh to bring about a settlement on the matter on Friday, the sources added.Meanwhile, home minister Gaikhangam urged the Moreh protesters to allow the presence of police commandos to maintain the law and order in the town. Stating that commandos are state forces, he said they have every right to post them within the state. The situation at the border town has invited the deployment of commandos, he said on Friday evening. Gaikhangam, however, urged the agitators to extend cooperation to the commandos in tackling the law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218189", "title": "Pleas ignored, scientist seeks explanation from mayor", "text": "KOLKATA: After years of writing to the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), warning the civic body about the arsenic threat and the dangers of installing tube-wells on the affected southern fringes of the city, researcher Dipankar Chakraborti is making a final effort to make the authorities act. The director (research) of Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies (SES) has sought an explanation from mayor Sovan Chatterjee as to why his findings have been consistently rejected and ignored, even though they conform to accepted norms of arsenic poisoning investigation methods and have been endorsed by international agencies, including the WHO.In an open letter to the mayor, Chakraborti has pointed out that water samples collected from an apartment building in Jadavpur were found to be arsenic-contaminated by the SES. He has urged the mayor to get the results confirmed and initiate steps to seal the tube-well along with others that have been set up in the area.Referring to a TOI report, in which the mayor challenged him to prove that the arsenic threat was \"as serious as he made it out to be\", he has said that the arsenic concentration in the building's tube-well was far above the permissible limit and could be dangerous. The letter coincides with the KMC's commissioned study on arsenic, the reports of which have just reached. Conducted by the state pollution control board, the State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID) and the KMC, the reports are expected to be made public soon.\"After reading your statement in The Times of India on July 3, 2012, I sent you a copy of my activities for the last 24 years summarizing my arsenic research work. I wrote that for this research, Harvard University, USA and MIT, USA invited me to deliver lectures and that I have also collaborated with researchers of Harvard University on arsenic mitigation efforts in Bangladesh. Additionally, I'm also an adviser to the American Chemical Society journal Environmental Science and Technology (ES&T;).\"My group and I discovered groundwater arsenic contamination in Bangladesh , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand , Assam , Manipur and Chhattisgarh. Along with our medical group, we have published around 100 publications only on arsenic in peer-reviewed international journals. I was invited for lectures from many countries all over the world. I was also invited to set-up an analytical laboratory in Republic of China,\" the letter said.The veteran researcher, who has been working on arsenic since 1987, argued that contamination had reached alarming proportions in the Jadavpur-Lake Gardens-Prince Anwar Shah Road area way back in the early Nineties. \"We had discovered several patients. Our studies have repeatedly confirmed the presence of arsenic in the area. But the government has not only been reluctant to take note of it, but has also been suggesting that our studies are wrong. In that case, they should come forward and prove it which they haven't done yet,\" Chakraborti told TOI.Arsenic concentration at Ashalata apartment was 195 micrograms per litre, way above the 10 microgram mark which is the permissible limit, he pointed out. There are scores of buildings in the vicinity where it was even worse. He added that he has written to the mayor several times with documents that provide substantial evidence to show that Kolkata was arsenic-affected.\"Unfortunately, he has never replied, which indicates, as the mayor himself has said, that he doesn't take me or my work seriously. I have also furnished a copy of a SWID study conducted in 2010 which mentions several wards of Jadavpur as arsenic-affected. Then, who are the civic authorities and the government going by?\" Chakraborti asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218682", "title": "Burden of loss piles up on Metro Railway", "text": "KOLKATA: Guess how much the Metro Railway spends to earn Rs 100? The answer: Rs 300.The 17th and newest Indian Railways zone has created a record of sorts by achieving an operating ratio of nearly 300 during 2011-12, thanks to a populist approach adopted by railway ministers in the last several years. While a minor increase in fares won't help the Metro in wiping out its deficit completely, it will certainly help to bring the operating ratio to a healthy position.The situation for the Metro is unique. Given the existing fare structure, the more patronization it receives the more is its deficit. According to sources, it costs the Metro about Rs 34,000 for every service between Dum Dum and Kavi Subhas. With 270 services being run per day, the Metro spends over Rs 91 lakh just to keep trains running. Nearly 5.5 lakh commuters use the services daily. If it were to be assumed that a commuter pays Rs 8 on an average (a mean of the maximum and minimum fares), even less than half of the cost of operations is realized. In addition to this, there are other costs involved.If the volume of commuters increase, as it is bound to do after the interface between the Metro and the Eastern Railway's suburban line at New Garia becomes operational, more services may be required. This will add to the costs but earnings will only go up marginally.\"These figures have now cast a shadow on the economic viability of other Metro projects. It is true that suburban or urban railway projects can't expect to earn surplus revenue but there is a limit to the deficit that a railway zone can incur. Unlike other railway zones, the Metro can't carry freight. Other zones earn a surplus from freight movement that helps to make up for the deficit . Metro can only earn from commercial utilization of its property but efforts in Kolkata have not been successful. Shops at underground stations weren't very popular. The government's restrictions on hoardings have also affected earnings adversely,\" a source revealed.The first phase of the Joka-BBD Bag stretch, up to Majerhat, is expected to become operational by 2014. Unless the fare structure is revised, the losses incurred by the Metro will go up substantially once it starts operation along this stretch. Officials are now waiting for the Railway Board to fix a fare structure for the new stretch. They hope that a Metro ride along that network won't be as cheap as one in the North-South corridor. If the fare structure for the new networks is revised, commuters using the existing North-South corridor will also have to pay more. After all, there can't be different fare structures under a single zone. However, if the Railway Board decides to carry on with the populist trend, the Metro can expect to break its own record, so far as its operating ratio is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15228111", "title": "Madhur wanted me in Heroine: Saswata Chatterjee", "text": "Saswata Chatterjee on challenging roles, painting, and playing a blind prof in Kaushik Ganguly's nextThe success of \" Kahaani\" \u2014 and his sinister turn as Bob Biswas \u2014 is taking Saswata Chatterjee places. And not just in Tollywood. The grapevine has it that he was approached by Madhur Bhandarkar to play a filmmaker's role in \" Heroine\". \"It's true I was approached for \"Heroine\" but I couldn't do the film as the dates were clashing with Kamaleswar Mukherjee's film based on Ritwik Ghatak, where I play the lead. I can't run away from my prior commitments in Tollywood just because I have an offer from Bollywood. There's always a next time,\" said the actor. \"It was enriching to be part of Kamaleswarda's film and to play a character based on Ghatak is no mean feat.\" Saswata is playing a blind professor in Kaushik Ganguly's next, tentatively titled \"Sir\". But the actor is tightlipped. \"Yes, Kaushikda has approached me, but I can't divulge more right now,\" he says. The actor is also looking forward to Sandip Ray's film which shooting on August 5. \"After \"Hitlist\" this will be my second film with Babuda. It has a quartet of stories and I'm part of Saradindu Bandyopadhyay's Bhoot Bhobishyot. I play a writer who has a ghostly encounter,\" informed Saswata. Saswata feels that an actor should essay diverse roles for creative satisfaction. \"I'm also playing a zamindar in Aparna Sen's \"Goynar Baksho\". Konkona plays my wife. My character is someone who visits courtesans and also has comic shades,\" smiled Saswata. The actor is part of Anik Dutta's next, shooting for which starts from December. Has he become choosy after \"Kahaani\"? \"Well, I am not worried about the length of my role; what matters to me is the impact. I didn't have too many scenes in \" Madly Bangalee\", but the audience talked about my role. It was the same with Bob Biswas. I will only sign on the dotted line if I feel my role is meaningful,\" he informed. Saswata is grateful to Anjan Dutta. \"My career wouldn't have taken this direction if Anjan Dutta hadn't cast me in \"Bong Connection\" years back. After that I started getting meaty roles.\" Not many know that Bob Biswas is a painter too. \"Oii ar ki, ektu chobi tobi anki. My wife has gathered all my old paintings and framed them,\" smiled Saswata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15221880", "title": "Winter over, IAF re-launches search", "text": "MANALI: Eight months after heavy snowfall hampered the search operation for a pilot of MiG-29 that had crashed near Chokhang peak of Lahaul valley in Himachal Pradesh, about 80 Indian Air Force (IAF) and Army personnel have reached here to resume the hunt for the missing officer.The IAF, with the help of Army mountaineers, had launched aerial and ground search a day after the aircraft had crashed on the night of October 18, 2011. However, heavy snowfall had forced them to call off their operation in November. Now that the snow around Chokhang has almost disappeared and the Gangstang glacier, where some parts of the aircraft were found, is reachable, the IAF has begun combing the heights once again for squadron leader D S Tomar, who was flying the plane. There are, however, no plans of air recce. The team is banking on locating the black box of the aircraft which may reveal the cause of crash. Lahaul-Spiti deputy commissioner S S Guleria said, \"The IAF had asked for accommodation for the jawans engaged in search operation, which has been provided by administration.\"On October 23, 2011, the pilot's parents had announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 to those who provide any clue about their missing son and had even urged the authorities to intensify the search. In June this year, the family had reached Lahaul again, looking for the missing officer but had to returned empty-handed.The pilot had taken off from Adampur airbase in Punjab, during his night flying training. After local residents had recovered some parts of the MiG on October 20, the IAF cut through the Gangstang glacier to look for more parts until freezing temperature and heavy snowfall at 17,000 feet height forced them to stop the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15220250", "title": "Rape victim succumbs to burns", "text": "PANAJI: The minor girl who attempted suicide after the art teacher who allegedly raped her was granted bail, succumbed to burn injuries on Friday.The victim was in a critical condition for four days at Goa Medical College Hospital (GMC), Bambolim. GMC superintendent Rajan Kuncolienkar said, \"The victim who had sustained 85-90% burn injuries breathed her last at 4.45pm on Friday. The postmortem will be conducted on Saturday.\"Panaji police investigating the rape case have now decided to move for cancellation of bail of accused Kanhaiya Naik, a married 45-year-old art teacher. The girl was allegedly raped at the teacher's residence during remedial classes in December 2011.Naik was arrested in January this year. He was granted bail on July 10 and released thereafter. While granting bail, the accused had been directed not to meet or contact any of the witnesses, or the victim.The girl's dying declaration was recorded by the executive magistrate soon after her suicide attempt.It is learnt that in her dying declaration, the girl confirmed that she took the extreme step out of fear, as the accused was out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15217720", "title": "Cabinet clears border pact with Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stalled since September last year, a constitutional amendment to ratify the India-Bangladesh boundary agreement got the nod from the Cabinet committee on security (CCS) on Thursday and is likely to be placed before Parliament in the monsoon session.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is looking to push through one of his big-ticket foreign policy initiatives, a bid to seal the Indian and Bangladeshi positions on enclaves and areas under adverse possession. Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina had signed the land boundary agreement (LBA) in Dhaka last year.An updated version of the Indira-Mujib agreement of 1974, the accord's ratification will require a constitutional amendment of Article 368. While the Teesta water treaty \u2014 blocked by West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee \u2014 raised a lot of heat, the LBA has greater strategic importance for the neighbours.If the LBA makes it through Parliament, it will be a boost for bilateral ties and ease the pressure on the Hasina government as India's inability to proceed with the Teesta treaty led to considerable heartburn in Bangladesh.Government works for consensusWhile the government looks to concretize the land boundary agreement (LBA) reached by PM Manmohan Singh and Bangladesh's Sheikh Hasina last year, the political climate in India is fragile enough for uncertainty to cloud the positive nature of the endeavour.For the agreement to pass muster, the BJP has to be on board as without the main opposition, the constitutional amendment may not succeed. Sources said the government has been assiduously working with the BJP to ensure support, and the effort will be intensified in coming days as the government plans to engage with the saffron outfit's leadership.Mamata Banerjee will have to be taken into confidence too, and sources said foreign minister S M Krishna had been assigned the task who is likely to travel to Kolkata. India and Bangladesh share a 4,096km land boundary covering West Bengal, Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya and Mizoram. The constitutional amendment will have to be passed by two-thirds of members \"present and voting\" and ratified by state legislatures. The Parliamentary and legislative processes are subject to disruption, but Singh needs to make some strenuous efforts in the coming months. The LBA will not only change contours of India's map, but will be the first resolved boundary with any neighbour. The agreement will formalize status quo on enclaves and areas under adverse possession, entailing neither transfer of territory nor people.Around 53,000 people residing in the enclaves, who have just been counted in the first ever census in these areas, will get the citizenship of the country they are living in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219565", "title": "Anti-Odia article sparks off protest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after lodging a police complaint against an English daily for carrying an anti-Odia article, Kalinga Sena activists on Friday burnt copies of the newspapers and shouted slogans against the reporter and the editor at Master Canteen Square here.The article published on July 24 had claimed that the election of Pranab Mukherjee as the President upset Odias. \"We condemn the irresponsible journalism in a national daily. We will intensify our the protest unless action is taken against the reporter, the printer and the publisher of the newspaper,\" Kalinga Sena chief Hemant Rath said.While the political outfit had lodged an FIR at Capital police station on Thursday, another socio-cultural outfit Odia Pua filed a separate complaint at Fatepur Beri police station in New Delhi, demanding action against the newspaper.BJD vice-president Damodar Rout earlier said the ruling party was planning to move the Press Council of India against the reporter and the newspaper.Meanwhile, a youth organization, Yuva Odisha, has served a legal notice on the editor-in-chief, owner, publisher and the columnist of the paper, demanding unconditional apology to the entire Odia community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15220672", "title": "Separate judiciary from executive, says Arunachal students' union", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) demanded an early separation of the judiciary and executive in the state. Endorsing the Arunachal Law Students' Union's (ALSU) demand, AAPSU said separation of judiciary from the executive will go a long way in containing criminal activities in the state with quick disposal of cases. The ALSU has even organized many seminars and meetings on the issue.The demand came following the increase of crime in the state, particularly in the wake of the attack on a lady journalist at Itanagar recently. Tongam Rina, Associate Editor of The Arunachal Times was shot at by an unidentified person in front of her office recently, but she survived the attack.Arunachal Pradesh is the only state in the northeast where the executive is conferred all the judicial powers. The citizens often complain that the executive takes decisions under political influence. Many intellectuals opined that if the judiciary is not separated from the executive, the people of Arunachal can never expect justice.\"It is unfortunate to observe that a series of incidents, like the brutal attack on Haku Tatak, a law student, the murders at Papu Nallah and Chimpu in March, burning of Arunachal Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) office building in January, burning of PWD office and the Tamar Yoka case of Nirjuli are yet to be solved,\" AAPSU said, while expressing concern over deteriorating law and order in the state capital.\"The high profile case, involving the cold-blooded murder of prominent politician Wangcha Rajkumar still awaits its final outcome,\" the AAPSU said and repeatedly urged the state government to give a logical conclusion to all the cases so that a sense of security prevails in the mind of capital dwellers.Moreover, judicial process in the state has given ample opportunities to the criminals to jump bail, it observed. AAPSU has demanded the state government to immediately arrest the perpetrators of the attack on the lady journalist.Sources said the Union has already advised the Arunachal government to initiate the process of separating the judiciary from the executive. But, till date, the state government has not taken any steps in this direction, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220674", "title": "The faithful throng mosques for prayers", "text": "PATNA: On the first Friday of the holy month of Ramzan, all the city mosques, numbering over 500, were overflowing with Muslims assembled to offer Juma prayer in the afternoon. Heads bowed in obeisance and palms cupped in supplication, they prayed to the Almighty for their welfare and for peace and social harmony.Starting on Saturday last, the ninth month of Islamic calendar will culminate in the festival of Eid by August 19 or 20, depending on the sighting of the moon. In this monthlong fasting or 'Roza', the Muslims offer special prayers to rededicate themselves to the Almighty. Those observing fast control themselves not only in eating and drinking but also from many desires. \"This purifies one's soul and changes lifestyle. It makes a foundation of discipline and enthuses a sense of constructive thinking and working,\" said Islamic scholar Maulana Shakil Qasmi.The Ramzan this time, however, created some division in the Muslim society over the date of its observance. While in Arab and Gulf countries, the month started on last Friday, in India majority of Muslims began fasting on Saturday and some others from Sunday. The confusion arose due to sighting of the moon.While the Sunni Muslims began fasting from Saturday, the Shias started fasting from Sunday. Among the Sunnis, those belonging to Barailvi school of thought decided to observe fast from Sunday whereas those having faith in Deoband school began it from Saturday. It is after a long time that such a divergence of opinion happened and, in most probability, Eid would also be observed for two days in India and three days across the world.With Ramzan falling in the months of July-August, the fasting has become hard due to heat and humidity. The test of self-restraint is made harder by frequent power cuts in the city. CM Nitish Kumar, before the start of the holy month, had directed the power board officials not to resort to power cuts in Muslim localities and asked the PMC officials to ensure proper sanitation and cleanliness. \"The CM's orders remain on paper as almost all the localities are facing shutdowns during the 'Iftar' (fast breaking) time and the garbage has been left to accumulate after clearing them once,\" rued Kamal Ansari of Sabzibagh locality.\"The importance of this holy month is enhanced as the Holy Quran had been revealed to Prophet Mohammad during this month,\" said Imarat Shariah general secretary Maulana Anisur Rahman Qasmi. The special prayer during Ramzan is called 'Traveeh', which is held after the late evening namaz. In this special prayer, the ayats of chapters of Holy Quran are recited by the 'Hafiz', literally meaning 'guardian' or 'retentive', in standing position.A six-day Traveeh session, organized by the Bihar State Sunni Wakf Board, concluded at Anjuman Islamia Hall on Thursday night. Board chairman Mohd Irshadullah said despite rain, over 5,000 people attended the traveeh prayers for six days. Traveeh prayers are held in most of the mosques throughout the month, during which all the 30 chapters of the Quran are recited.Iftar or breaking of the fast at the dusk is the most cherished time, as after nearly 15 hours of fast time comes to break it with dates, iced sorbet and other fried delicacies. Iftar has been glamorized by the politicians and rich. On August 9, CM Nitish Kumar will host a party at 1 Anne Marg, and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi will arrange a party at Anjuman Islamia Hall on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227211", "title": "Attakathi", "text": "This is a movie which will be released by Studio Green and stars Dinesh and Swetha. The movie is said to be a realistic film which is set in North Chennai. The movie is being directed by Ranjith who was an assistant director to Venkat Prabhu.Dinesh has previously acted in two other very realistic rustic films - Aadukalam and Mouna Guru . There are many other newcomers joining him in this film.According to Ranjith, the people of North Chennai or Vada Chennai have their own culture, lingo and way of life. He has tried to capture this in his flick. He has also tried to showcase the conflicts that youth face, especially those living in cities and smaller towns. The director says he has tried to show the happy side of their life.Santhosh Narayan, the music director who composed music for the award-winning Telugu flick, Advaitam , is composing the music for Attakathi . The movie has been produced by Thirukumaran Entertainments and will be released soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bajugaon (assam)", "code": "15218286", "title": "Horror replay for East Pakistan immigrants", "text": "BAJUGAON (ASSAM): Manindra Sarkar was a teenager when he crossed over as a refugee, driven out of East Pakistan and his ancestral home in Sylhet along with his family. Today, at 62, Sarkar is on the run again, forced to leave his adopted home, too. The tragedy has come a full circle.Sarkar and his family settled in Hauriapeth in lower Assam after crossing over to India, an area that now comes under the Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD). Haruiapeth, like areas close to the Assam-Bangladesh border, has a mixed population of Bodo tribals and immigrants, both Hindu and Muslim. Last Friday, when the clashes broke out in Kokrajhar and spread fast to neighbouring districts, the horrors Sarkar had left behind several decades ago came rushing back. \"We saw hundreds of armed people warring in the village. They set fire to each other's homes. We were scared to face any one and took refuge in a nearby temple,\" he said.But the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel shone through. The next morning, Sarkar was surprised to learn that some Bodo youths had saved his mud house and watched over his cattle to stop them from being looted. The youths also came to the aid of around 100 villagers huddled together in the temple. \"Initially, we could not trust them when they asked us to come out,\" said Sarkar's wife Kanak, who was accompanied by neighbour Pushpabala Das. Soon, they realized the youths had come to help and were offering them protection and food. They were pleasantly surprised as Bodos have had a strained relationship with immigrant Bengalis.The group, among them Ravas and Rajbongshis, has now taken shelter in Jintal Narzinary English Medium School at Bajugaon, guarded by Bodo youths. Pushpa, who is nursing a broken leg, thanks the youths for saving her life. \"When the riots started, everyone ran. I could barely hobble, but he saved me and carried me to a camp,\" she said, pointing towards a Bodo youth, her tear of gratitude rolling down her eyes. \"We survived only because of these Bodos,\" Nita, a young housewife, added.As a testimony to this new-found bonding between some Bengalis and Bodos, schoolteacher Swapan Kumar Aich is one of the key figures behind the relief committee of Bodos that is looking after the displaced villagers. \"These people have not harmed us. They are our neighbours. So, like family members, we are protecting them,\" said Kumud Basumatari, a Bodo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220368", "title": "Anna supporter names lane after him in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Walking down the Vivekanand Marg in Boring Road area of the city, one can see a bylane christened \"Anna Hazare Path\". It is through this small gesture that residents of North Krishnapuri are showing their support to Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement.The man behind it is 75-year-old Vidyanand Singh, a retired executive engineer of the water resources department (WRD), who himself observed a fast for a couple of days when Hazare was fasting in Delhi. Singh says, \"This lane was earlier called Kitab Bhawan Lane. However, in May 2012, with the consent of the local residents, I got a small signboard painted 'Anna Hazare Path' installed just below the original cornerstone.\"Singh said he is not a member of India Against Corruption (IAC) or any other movement, but supports Hazare's fight against corruption. He says, \"Anna is fighting corruption, which eats into vitals of our society like termites. I support his endeavour in whatever small way I can.\" Seemingly not happy with the Union government, he alleged, \"The recent attempts to disrupt Hazare's movement in Delhi are being instigated by the Congress so that Anna's movement fails.\" Singh's wife supports him, though she mostly remains in the background.Prem Chand, another retired resident of the locality says, \"The initiative to rename the street is very good. We endorse Anna Hazare and his initiative to fight corruption.\"AK Singh, also a resident of the same area, says most of these bylanes are named after important personalities, but just naming the street after Hazare won't bear fruit. Much more needs to be done to eradicate corruption, he adds.Vidyanand Singh says corruption at the higher levels needs to be tackled first. He says, 'Yatha raja, tatha praja' (as the king, so the people). If the top officials are dealt with, the lower-level staff and others will automatically listen to their conscience and stop bothering the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15228738", "title": "Saeeda Imtiyaz to try her luck in B'wood", "text": "After doing the controversial film 'Kaptan' in Pakistan Saeeda Imtiyaz who plays the role of Jemima Khan is in Mumbai to try her luck in Bollywood .Her debut film Kaptan is made on life of cricketer and politician Imran Khan . Saeeda Imtiyaz has done more than hundred of ads before trying for Hindi films in India.Saeeda is playing the role of Jemima Khan in the movie kaptan . Movie is going to be released in 2012 . And is one of the most awaited movie in Pakistan. The story follows Imran Khan's life post the world cup victory in 1992. It follows the events that have shaped up his life from the tragic death of his mother, to his efforts and endeavors in building the first cancer hospital in Pakistan; from being the first Chancellor of the University of Bradford, to the building of Namal University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214949", "title": "State human rights commission (SHRC) heat on Koti ENT hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state human rights commission (SHRC) on Friday directed the principal secretary of the medical and health department to submit a report on the deplorable condition at the government ENT hospital in Koti.Taking suo motu cognizance of media reports highlighting the lack of basic facilities, including that of a shelter for those waiting in queues, the SHRC sought a detailed report from state health officials by September 4. Further, SHRC directed the principal secretary of the revenue department and the Hyderabad district collector to enquire into allegations of land encroachment on the hospital premises.tnn This report, too, has been sought by September 4.The SHRC has also intervened in the case where an old lady, V Lakshmamma, was found abandoned in a graveyard in LB Nagar. The commission has ordered the LB Nagar division assistant commissioner of police to enquire into the matter and submit a report, again on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15219073", "title": "'Farmers are main victims of corruption'", "text": "GONDIA: Farmers are the worst sufferers of corruption in Gondia district and the manner in which all the political parties are maintaining silence on this issue, it appears that it is going on with their consent, said former finance and irrigation minister and ex-MP, Mahadeorao Shivankar, in Gondia on Thursday. Shivankar told TOI that he will soon take up the issue with rural development minister Jayant Patil.The senior BJP leader visited Gondia as part of his drive to organize cultivators of four paddy growing districts in Vidarbha - Gondia, Bhandara, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur - which he represented as MP in the past. He said the Zilla Parishad and cooperative sector are hotbed of corruption in Gondia district. He is gathering information into issues like Rs18 crore fraud in Gondia District Co-operative Bank, dishonouring of ZP's cheques worth Rs34 lakh, corruption in recruitment of 119 ZP employees, their transfers and promotions, pitiable condition of tribal students in ashram schools and corruption in recruitment of Angaanwadi sewikas and mid day meal scheme etc. He will be submitting the documents to the minister concerned.Shivankar is hurt with the fact that BJP, which is supposed to have taken up these issues, has remained a silent spectator. \"In the Co-op Bank, where the BJP was in opposition, it failed to corner NCP on both issues. In ZP, where it is in power, the officers are openly involved in corruption. The party hasn't proposed any resolutions for taking action against them. In this situation, one cannot rule out that all this is going on with political consent,\" Shivankar said.In order to bring about a change, Shivankar said, he is organizing the cultivators to launch an agitation to force the government to declare scarcity in these paddy growing districts. He said they will also push for demands like increasing guaranteed minimum price for paddy, loan at zero per cent interest, changing pattern for deciding \"Anewari\" and subsidized rates for seeds and manure. He stressed unless infrastructure is developed for other crops like sugar cane, these districts don't have an option other than cultivating paddy.Commenting on Adani's thermal plant near Tiroda, Shivankar said this project is materializing due to obstinacy of some leaders in the district despite diverse opinions of international experts on environment. \"Experts feel if Vainganga's water is used for thermal plants then cultivators would not get water for irrigation and there will be scarcity of drinking water in the future. The cultivators are not aware of it now as they have recently received compensation for their lands. Sooner or later, they will realize their mistake.\"Shivankar said in the span of only four years the environment and culture of Tiroda has deteriorated and crime rate has gone up. Shivankar offered to provide guidance to the Tiroda unit of the BJP in tackling these issues.It may be recalled that Shiwankar is a staunch follower of Gopinath Munde but in the last four years he was not only denied parliamentary ticket but also completely isolated from all political activities of the party in the district. When he looked like retiring from politics, he suddenly became active in his old field of cultivator movement. He was also president of All India Kisan Sangh of the BJP in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218222", "title": "4 convicted for kidnapping 7-year-old boy in 2010", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a two-year-old kidnapping case, a local court here on Friday convicted four accused for kidnapping a seven-year-old boy Japjit from Sector 38 in 2010.The accused were identified as Prem Singh, 20, of Kishangarh village, Sandeep Kumar , 26, of Dhanas village, Vishal and Sahil of Thaska village in Yamunanagar district.After kidnapping Japjit, accused had taken him to Dehradun in a car, but released him after receiving a ransom of Rs 3.50 lakh from the victim's father. However, they were arrested two days after the release of the boy. Police had also recovered a country-made piston 315 bore along with a cartridge, Rs 50,000 of the ransom amount and two cars (Chevrolet Optra and Maruti Zen), used in the kidnapping of the child from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15222167", "title": "Ornaments, cash worth Rs 10L burgled from shop in Rander", "text": "SURAT: Burglars targeted Govindji Jewellers on Rander main road on Friday morning. Valuables, including silver and gold jewellery as well as cash, worth Rs 10 lakh were stolen from the shop.The thieves entered the shop after breaking the shutter and the front glass partition. They then broke open the locker kept in the shop and escaped with the booty. The shop owner claimed that the burglars escaped with 1.3 kg gold, 7 kg silver and cash.According to complainant Nehal Mehta, he had locked the shop in Shivam Complex after winding up the routine business on Thursday night and left for home. But when he reached his shop the next day, he found that somebody had broken the front shutter and the glass partition of his shop. Police said that the owner had not installed any CCTV camera for security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218588", "title": "Don\u2019t club our stir with Citu\u2019s: Bus operators", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite the state government's threat to cancel permits of buses, private transport operators on Friday stuck to their stand of observing a strike on July 31. However, they tried to distance themselves from the Citu-sponsored transport strike on the same day.The transport operators said running a bus was completely unviable, given the present situation. \"Instead of showing step-motherly attitude, the government could have thought of rejuvenating the trade so that the people employed in the trade could have lived a life. The way we are bleeding, it will be impossible to run a bus,\" said Tapan Banerjee, joint secretary of the bus operators' syndicate.Banerjee said that it will be unfair to club their strike with that of Citu. \"We have suffered a lot because of Citu. Since they used to observe strikes, they forced us to take our buses off the road. Our strike was called much before theirs. So if the government suddenly thinks of hobnobbing with the opposition trade union, it will be a mistake. As an operators' association, we have no political allegiance,\" said Banerjee.The bus operators wanted the state to take a closer look at their problem. If the government scrutinizes our papers, they will find that we spend much more than what we earn. We hope the government will revise fares, they said.The government, however, had a completely different view. \"It will be stupid to think that the government has no sympathy for transport operators. The chief minister has already set up a committee to explore all possibilities of working out a viable revenue model. But the transporters are showing no patience, thus forcing us to be impatient. The strike will yield no solution to the problem,\" said transport minister Madan Mitra. Mitra has asked the state-run PSUs to run their full fleet on the day of the strike so that commuters don't face a problem.However, with the state-run buses carrying a lesser percentage of passengers compared to the private ones, July 31 may be a harrowing day for people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220487", "title": "Mega power project in the offing in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is likely to get a big boost in the energy sector following the Centre's decision to explore the possibility of a 4,000MW power project in the state.A high-level central team of experts from the ministry of power on Friday reached here to assess the possibility of a mega power plant in the state. The team held a meeting with CM Nitish Kumar on Friday evening in which it was decided to look for 2,400 acres of land with availability of 120 cusecs of water. The team also explored probable geographical locations through satellite. Sources said the team has identified couple of sites in the state for setting up the plant.An official said big chunks of land are available in districts like Bhagalpur and Banka for this purpose. The state will take a big leap in the energy sector in five years if the mega power plant is set up in the state. It is likely to attract major investment proposals in various sectors, said the official.The Bihar Power Infrastructure company (BPIC) has been asked to coordinate with allied departments like water resources development, land revenue, energy and Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) for finalizing the site for the plant.The central expert team also asked the BPIC to submit a detailed report including nearest coal linkage site and adequate water availability within a month. \"The team is expected to visit Bihar again after receiving the detailed project report (DPR) from the state government,\" said BSEB spokesperson Hare Ram Pandey.The central team was represented by Central Electricity Authority (CEA) director PD Shoval, CEA secretary MS Puri, CEA chief engineer Arun Kumar Jain, Power Finance Corporation (PFC) Vice-President Rajesh K Shahi and PFC adviser DK Gilhotra.Besides CM Nitish Kumar, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, principal secretary (energy) Ajay V Nayak and BSEB chairman P K Rai participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15221203", "title": "Army, Mhow Cantonment Board at loggerheads", "text": "MHOW: Following the meeting between the elected members of the Mhow Cantonment Board (MCB) and Mhow station commander Brig Mukesh Kumar held on July 20, a cold war has reportedly started between the elected members and the army administration.As the station commander is also the ex-officio president of the MCB, the members had gone to him with their grievances against the MCB administration.One of the elected members, Mohan Agrawal told TOI that all the eight members had gone to Brig Mukesh Kumar with their grievances against the cantonment executive officer (CEO) Alok Gupta on July 20. The meeting was held in the conference room of the Mhow station headquarters, where the administrative commandant Col Danvir Singh was also present.Col Singh said that some elected members had allegedly encroached the defence land, and were developing illegal constructions. He requested Brig Mukesh Kumar to cancel the membership of such members.\"As soon as Col Singh said this, there was a complete silence in the conference hall as majority of the members felt themselves targeted,\" Agrawal added.Agrawal said that just after the meeting, the ward members met again and discussed on the strategy to be adopted to counter any move of the administration aimed at cancellation of their memberships. Also, all this led to tension between the administration and members.Section 34 (e) of The Cantonments Act 2006 clearly says, \"The central government may remove from a cantonment board, any member thereof who has himself done or aided or abetted encroachments on defence land in contravention of the provisions of this act and the rules and bye-laws made thereunder.\"Thus, it is clear from this provision of the act that the government has the power to cancel their memberships in case they are found guilty. In such a case, the CEO of the board initiates the action of membership cancellation and after it is signed by the board president, is sent to the government for further action.Sources in the MCB have also confirmed that the process of initiation of membership cancellation procedure has started in the board, which has further escalated the tension.When CEO Alok Gupta was contacted in this regard, he said that it is true that many members have a charge on them that they have encroached on the defence land or have done illegal construction. He cited the examples of Suresh Thakur and Mukesh Solanki, against whom court cases are pending for illegal construction and encroachment. Gupta further said that he has also received complaints against three other corporators who have illegally constructed their houses on defence land. On any action against the members, he said that action will be taken according to the law.When Col Danvir Singh was asked about what he had said in the meeting, he refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217327", "title": "Nine monkeys found dead, bodies sent for autopsy", "text": "BANGALORE: The bodies of nine monkeys found dead in Tarabanahalli village on Hesaraghatta Road have been sent to the Hebbal veterinary hospital for postmortem.The residents of Tarabanahalli said they found a dead monkey on Thursday. \"There are a lot of monkeys in the vicinity. We saw the dead monkey and buried it according to tradition because monkeys symbolize Lord Hanuman,\" said T Jayaram.On Friday morning, the villagers saw five more monkeys lying dead near the hospital. \"We realized something was amiss. We combed the area and found another three dead on trees, in a perched position. We rushed to the hospital terrace and found poison-laced ragi balls. Even a few squirrels had eaten them,\" they said.We didn't poison them: Hospital\"It is true that these monkeys had broken our solar water heater panels. They would perch there and create a racket. But we would never go to the extent of killing them. The monkeys seem to have vomited ragi balls after eating them somewhere else,\" a hospital spokesperson said.Expert SpeakThe monkey is a wild animal and covered under the Wildlife Protection Act. If any offence is committed against it, the offenders will be punished appropriately if found guilty. The best way to deal with monkeys is perhaps to scare them away. The other thing is to trap the monkeys and hand them over to the forest department, which, in turn, will release them deep inside a forest. First, a complaint needs to be lodged with the BBMP or the authority concerned. As a rule, monkeys keep moving in areas where there is sufficient green cover. Only when there is a scarcity of food, they move towards human territory. There must have been some attraction for the monkeys at the place; which is why they would have gone there in the first case.- Deepak Sarmah, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Bangalore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219380", "title": "Railway over bridge delay stalls outer ring road", "text": "NAGPUR: Lack of coordination between various government agencies has led to delay in construction of Gaosi Manapur railway over bridge (ROB), which is the only hurdle in the Gondkhairi-Gaosi Manapur stretch of outer ring road. This stretch links Amravati Road with Wardha Road. The ROB is already behind schedule by two years.One fourth of outer ring road linking Pardi (Bhandara Road) to Jamtha (Wardha Road) having a length of 21km has already been thrown open for traffic. Public Works Department (PWD) had constructed 17km outer ring road from Gondkhairi (Amravati Road) to west side of Nagpur-Wardha railway line in 2009. This project was completed on time.However, another 5km needed to be constructed to reach Wardha Road. The approach roads to the ROB have been constructed and only the bridge remains. The commencement date for constructing this ROB was January 20, 2009. The ROB was to be completed by July 2010. In fact, the defect liability period - the period during which contractor is held responsible for any defect in the structure - was up to July 2012.Railways usually do not allow other agencies to construct the stretch of bridge that is exactly above the railway line. PWD had deposited a sum with Central Railway for laying a slab over the railway track. A Central Railway official said that it will be thrown open for traffic by October. However, officials of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and PWD say it won't be completed before December.TOI visited the ROB site on Friday. The ramp, which has been constructed by the PWD, is ready. Pillars have been constructed to support the slab that lies over the railway line.A NHAI official said that once Gondkhairi-Gaosi Manapur link is completed, heavy vehicles travelling from Mumbai region to Kolkata region will pass through it and then through Jamtha-Pardi stretch of outer ring road thus bypassing the city.Meanwhile, a consultant has been appointed for examining the viability of Gondkhairi-Pardi stretch of outer ring road. This will link Amravati Road to Bhandara Road via Katol Road, Chhindwara Road and Kamptee Road. The consultant has also been asked to suggest areas through which the road should pass. This stretch is likely to take years for completion as some land belonging to forest department will have to be acquired.The stretch is expected to cost more than Rs250 crore. It includes 24.06km stretch linking Amravati Road to Chhindwara Road, 7.96km stretch linking Chhindwara Road to Kamptee Road and 8.75km stretch linking Kamptee Road to Bhandara Road. PWD plans to construct it in phases depending on availability of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220358", "title": "Further probe ordered against the BJP MLA in 2002 riots", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP MLA from Radhanpur Shankar Chaudhary is in real trouble now. A local court has issued warrant after ordering further investigation against him and 11 others in connection with the murder of two Muslims during the 2002 riots.Judicial magistrate first class H R Verma on Friday rejected a closure report filed by the local crime branch and asked the cops to probe the riots case further. This C summary was filed on second occasion by police. Recently, litigation in this regard reached the Supreme Court (SC) and the court in April cleared the way for probe against Chaudhary in this case, said lawyer of witness Yakub Chauhan.In 2002, the cops lodged a case of rioting against 12 Hindus and 35 Muslims, but upon a private complaint filed by an eye witness Nanabhai Shaikh, an FIR was lodged against Chaudhary and others for the murder. Shaikh claimed that Chaudhary had fired from his private weapon injuring two persons. When they were being brought to the hospital, a mob intercepted and killed both of them. In post-mortem, a bullet was found from the body of one of them.The local police reluctantly took up the probe, but filed a closure report. However, a lower court in Radhanpur rejected the closure report in 2005 and ordered the police to conduct further probe. The accused persons moved HC challenging the lower court's order and justifying the closure report. HC allowed the petition that gave huge relief to Chaudhary. But the complainant approached SC claiming that HC had never heard him before allowing the petition filed by the accused. tnn The apex court asked HC to hear the case again.On the other hand, Shaikh also moved HC demanding a CBI probe in this case on the contention that local police had not conducted proper investigation and had sought to shield the influential accused persons.Meanwhile, another witness to the incident of killing, Chauhan, moved HC with allegations that Shaikh had entered into a compromise with Chaudhary and other accused persons. Chauhan alleged that due to the compromise, the complainant may not argue the case seriously, and hence he should be permitted to join the proceedings so that justice can be done in the case. After completion of these proceedings, the investigation resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218854", "title": "MLAs disappoint kids at meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was meant to be a unique interaction between children and MLAs on child rights, but left the child participants dispirited. Just four MLAs - one from the ruling Congress and three from BJP - turned up at Constitution Club for the meeting titled \"Children &amp; Governance in Delhi: An interface with legislators\".The NGO HAQ: Centre for Child Rights had identified around 20 'children-friendly' MLAs based on their questions during the budget session, and tried to get them on board for the meet. But despite the invitations and follow-ups, only eight assured their involvement in the programme, six confirmed their participation and four made it, social workers said. Congress MLA from Seemapuri, Veer Singh Dhingan, chose to leave after the first presentation by Child Rights &amp; You (CRY), pleading an urgent meeting. He, however, found time to deliver a long speech about child labour in his constituency.Four-time MLA and BJP's chief whip in the assembly, Sahib Singh Chauhan from Ghonda constituency, decided to follow in Dhingan's footsteps. He too rose to announce that he had an urgent meeting to attend and embarked upon a sermon on the need to secure child rights and plug the many loopholes in the Right to Education Act. He took political digs at the ruling party and concluded that change can be brought about only if people choose the right representatives.Left alone on the platform, BJP's Sangam Vihar MLA, Dr SCL Gupta, struggled to make up for the awkwardness created by his colleagues and salvage the image of legislators. He assured everyone that he would sit through the entire programme and said that integrated development was the answer to all problems. Regarding missing children, he said there was a need for mandatory FIRs to reduce such cases. He assured that he would make a pitch for protecting the rights of children in the next session.BJP MLA from Bijwasan, Sat Prakash Rana, stomped in after the meeting closed for high tea. The organizers, NGOs, grassroot activists and children politely reassembled to give Rana the stage to share his views.Congress MLA Chaudhary Mateen Ahmad and Hari Shankar Gupta confirmed their attendance but decided to stay away citing meetings. MLAs Kulwant Rana (BJP), Mala Ram Gangwal (Congress), Naseeb Singh (Congress), Dharam Dev Solanki (BJP) were among those who showed keen interest in the interface but were either unavailable for a final confirmation or stepped back on some pretext or the other.Enakshi Ganguly Thukral, co-director, HAQ said, \"Even if children do not vote, members of the legislative assembly are their representatives. It is therefore critical that they must be made familiar with issues that concern children. Hence an interface was planned.\" Making as assessment of the 2012-13 Delhi budget, she said, \"This year 17.96% of the budget has been allocated to children, which is down from last year's 19.03%. Moreover, in this year's allocation the amount for child protection remains low despite the rise in cases of missing children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15221288", "title": "16 Amarnath pilgrims killed as truck falls into gorge", "text": "JAMMU: At least 16 Amarnath pilgrims, mostly from Delhi and UP, were killed and 16 others injured when the truck ferrying them skidded off the road and plunged into a gorge in Samba district of Jammu and Kashmir .The mishap, which took place at Zamoorha Morh in Mansar belt, 50 kilometres from Jammu, on Thursday night when the driver was trying to negotiate a curve, is the second major accident involving pilgrims to the holy cave shrine within a fortnight. On July 14, 15 pilgrims were killed when a bus bringing pilgrims back from the yatra, had rolled down a gorge near Ramban on Jammu-Srinagar National Highway. The truck skidded off the road as the driver lost control of it and plunged into a gorge around 11.30pm, police said.Of the 16 dead, six each belonged to Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, three from MP and one from Kolkata. They were members of Delhi-based Shiv Shakti Community Kitchen Association, police said on Friday. \"The truck was carrying pilgrim volunteers engaged in a community kitchen at Amarnath,\" District Development Commissioner, Samba, Mubarak Singh told PTI. While nine pilgrims died on the spot, three died in Samba Hospital and two died in Government Medical College hospital in Jammu, he said.Police, Army and BSF teams rushed to the spot and launched a rescue operation under search lights with the help of locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15217717", "title": "Minister warns doctors to join duty by July 31", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for medical and health Ahmad Hasan has expressed his displeasure for those medical officers who have not joined their duties at the place of their postings. He warned that the postings of the newly appointed doctors would be cancelled, if they fail to join their duties by July 31. He said that the order of appointment of medical officers had already been loaded on departmental website uphealth.nic.inBJP demands high-level inquiry: BJP has demanded a high level inquiry into the incidents of spate of suicides committed by administrative officers in the state. State BJP spokesperson Rajendra Tiwari said in a statement that the way jail official RK Kesharwani had killed his wife and himself due to tension is a serious incident. He said that a few months ago, Vinod Rai, an ADM posted in Lucknow, had also committed suicide.Necessary to revise rates every 2 years: Minister for stamp, registration and civil defence Durga Prasad Yadav said that as per the provisions of Uttar Pradesh Property Assessment Rules, it is necessary to revise rate list at every two years under which new circle rate has so far been implemented in 72 districts of the state. He said that new circle rate could not be implemented in three remaining districts--Bahraich, Lucknow and Kushinagar. New circle rates would be implemented in state within a week, he added.CPI stages protest: Scores of CPI activists took out a procession from the party office and later staged a protest demonstration in front of the Vida Baan on Friday against the increase in prices of kerosene, diesel, petrol and LPG by the central government. The party activists also burnt the effigy of UPA government.APC asks officials to popularise poultry farming: Agriculture production commissioner (APC) Alok Ranjan has asked the poultry branch of animal husbandry department to work hard to popularise poultry farming in rural areas as it helps increase in income of poor farmers at a minimum investment at their doorstep. He said that poultry wing of animal husbandry department needs to publicise and do continuous extension work to make people aware about the benefits of backyard poultry farming.Agarwal is DG of ESIC: Anil Kumar Agarwal, IAS, took over the charge of the director general of Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) under ministry of labour and employment. Agarwal is an IAS officer of 1981 batch. Prior to his present assignment, he was serving as additional chief secretary, animal resources development department, government of West Bengal.World Hepatitis Day observed: Regional Science City in association with Heath Oriented Programmes and Education (HOPE) organised a programme on the occasion of World Hepatitis Day on Friday for benefit of school students and general public. Experts interacted with participants and answered their queries on the topic. Dr KK Paul, who was the chief guest at the programme, told the students that hepatitis is an inflammation of the liver. It is caused by virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15221882", "title": "Storms threatening ozone covering over US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ozone layer depletion triggered by climate change could adversely affect human health, scientists have warned.Researchers from Harvard University who studied the ozone layer over the United States found that thunderstorms send water vapour into the stratosphere which is normally drier than a desert and pose a threat to the protective ozone layer, The New York Times reported.Thinning of the ozone layer over the US during summers could mean an increase in ultraviolet exposure for millions of people and a rise in the incidence of skin cancer.\"It's the union between ozone loss and climate change that is really at the heart of this,\" said James G Anderson, an atmospheric scientist and the lead author of the study.For years, Anderson said, he and other atmospheric scientists were careful to keep the two concepts separate . \"Now, they're intimately connected ,\" he said.Ozone helps shield people, animals and crops from damaging ultraviolet rays from the sun. Much of the concern about the ozone layer has focused on Antarctica , where thinning, has been seen for two decades.While there is conclusive evidence that strong warm-weather storms have sent water vapour as high as 12 miles and while climate scientists say one effect of global warming is an increase in the intensity and frequency of storms, it is not yet clear whether the number of such injection events will rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219871", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority to conduct feasibility study for laser show", "text": "KOCHI: The Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) will soon conduct a feasibility study for the musical-water-fountain-cum-laser-light-show proposed to be installed at the Rajendra Maidan.After holding a meeting with the representatives of firms GCDA chairman, N Venugopal said that the project would be tendered after analyzing the feasibility study report. The project is being planned as part of the agency's efforts to promote tourism.The estimated cost of the project would be around Rs 3 crore, and the agency hopes to recover the cost by holding three or four shows per day.Last week, a show was organized by a Bangalore-based firm as a demonstration for the GCDA. According to Venugopal, the firm uses German technology and it is already in place at tourist spots in Singapore, Dubai and other areas. The show would be performed on a water screen which would double up as a musical fountain.Speaking on the underground exhibition centre being planned at Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium, he said that the agency had invited designs from registered architects. The agency will shortlist select designs and the final design would be chosen from this.An underground exhibition centre is also being proposed. The proposed facility will have advanced disaster management equipment and will accommodate 500 exhibition stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15219972", "title": "Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd (HAL) told to stop production of saline, IV fluids", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on Friday ordered Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd (HAL), Pimpri, a public sector unit, to stop manufacturing large volume parenteral (LVP) fluids, including saline and intravenous (IV) fluids, with immediate effect because of various production lapses.The FDA officials also served a show-cause notice to the company asking why its licence should not be suspended for a certain period.\"HAL was found at fault for misbranding their saline bottles of a particular batch. Besides, we also found that they manufactured these saline bottles in the absence of competent technical staff. The company was also at fault for not testing the finished products,\" said B R Masal, joint commissioner, FDA.The action was initiated under relevant sections of the Drugs and Cosmetic Act 1940 and Rules 1945 for violations like not adhering to good manufacturing practices and for misbranding the product. \"We have served the company a show-cause notice,\" said D B Chaudhari, assistant commissioner, FDA.The company was forced to withdraw over a lakh of saline bottles from the market in what company officials claim was a 'labelling error'. The action was taken after the Rajasthan government found a discrepancy in the label and informed FDA officials in Maharashtra.\"We conducted an inspection of the manufacturing unit and found that 23 batches of normal saline (NS) had been mislabelled, of which two were yet to be dispatched, and nine were recalled by the company,\" said Masal. The FDA officials inspected the unit on July 11 and 12, and asked the company to withdraw all the batches from the market.The saline bottles from batch numbers from 1562 to 1584 contained 0.9 per cent sodium chloride. However, the label had '5 per cent extra dextrose' written in Hindi. The officials took the samples of eight batches.\"The samples have been sent to the Drug Control Laboratory in Mumbai for testing. The reports are awaited,\" he said.When contacted, Navin Khare, deputy general manager (quality control and quality Analysis) at Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd, Pimpri, said, \"The mistake is minor. We will initiate all corrective measures to rectify the lacunae. The laboratory report is yet to come. We will think over the measures, if at all they are needed, only after the report comes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15219572", "title": "3 rebels held on martyrs' week eve", "text": "KORAPUT: Security men have arrested three Maoists in Koraput district. The arrests on Thursday night came ahead of the Maoists' 'martyrs' week' from Saturday.Police said while BSF jawans arrested Allaya Musika and Kumbha Mandangi, SOG personnel arrested another rebel identified as Mangra Sirika. \"We were tipped-off about the whereabouts of the Maoists and accordingly operations were launched to catch them. Mangra, who has a long association with the Maoists, was arrested from his home in Jhadupadar village in Narayanpatna police station area, and the other two were rounded up while sleeping in a hut at Gotiput,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar. A country-made gun was seized from Mangra, he added.\"The other two have been with the rebels for the last five years. Allaya and Kumbha were involved in several Maoist offensives and were on our wanted list,\" the SP said.Meanwhile, the Maoists have stepped up their poster campaign ahead of the observance of martyrs' week from July 28 to August 3. Posters were found at Lamataput, Onkadeli, Narayanpatna, Bandhugaon, Laxmipur and Pottangi. \"The government has done nothing for the development of the tribals. We are fighting for their development. Co-operate us in observing the Martyrs' Week,\" read a Maoist poster found at Onkadeli.The Koraput SP said security had been stepped up in the area in view of the week-long programme. \"Security personnel have been kept on high alert and anti-Naxalite operations have been intensified across the district. At present, the situation is under control but we can't be complacent,\" he said.Sources from Malkangiri said this time the rebels have constructed nine martyrs' pillars at Tentulipadar and Kalimela areas and have conducted a massive poster campaign. Malkangiri Akhilesh Singh said, \"Apart from routine counter insurgency operations, we have intensified patrolling to ensure that no road blockades are put up during the martyrs' week. Extra security men have been deployed at strategic locations to avert any untoward incident.\"Every year, the Red rebels observe the last week of July as martyrs' week in memory of their leaders like Charu Majumdar who were killed in police encounters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230876", "title": "Tamannaah's newest endorsement", "text": "It couldn't get bigger for Tamannaah. The actress, who is all set to act in a big Hindi flick which is the remake of Himmatwala opposite Ajay Devgn, has now got a plum endorsement deal as well.She will be the new face of Lux, where she will join the ranks of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif , who have all endorsed the beauty soap. While Asin and Kajal Aggarwal too have been signed on by the brand before, they've not shot solo ads. This makes Tamannaah's endorsement deal all the more special, the industry pundits say.The ad film is said to be shot in Bangkok soon and the actress is going to be styled by Manish Malhotra in the film.Tamannaah meanwhile is busy shooting for her Telugu flicks and is awaiting the release the Tamil version of her bilingual film Yen Endraal Kaadhal Enben . But, she hasn't yet signed on a straight Kollywood film for a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15221201", "title": "Kin of 'murdered' youth demand CBI probe", "text": "DHANBAD: Friends and relatives of Sindri-based youth Aman Raj, who was killed on June 3, demonstrated before the office of SP here , demanding a CBI probe into his murder. They said the four accused named in the FIR-Suman alias Monu, Aniket, Manish and Gaurav have not been arrested as yet.They also alleged that Sindri police was providing protection to the accused. The offenders were never questioned by the police, they contended and claimed police did not try to recover the mobile and other belongings of Aman from a roadside ditch, where he was found. Police had told Aman's family that he drowned in a ditch, where the depth of water was just 5 feet. Aman, his family claimed was 5.11 ft tall.The memorandum signed by the relatives said Aman was murdered and marks of assault on his neck and throat were noticed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218709", "title": "ITC plans to invest Rs 1K cr in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar has hailed the state government for helping the conglomerate to resolve a dispute over 40 acre near Uluberia, which was allotted to the company in 2008. The company is planning to invest over Rs 1,000 crore for setting up five manufacturing facilities in the state. The former Left government had offered 39 acres to the company in 2008 for setting up food processing unit but the land was litigated.The ITC chairman told reporters that it is preparing to start work on the 18 acre in Uluberia food park. \"Another 39 acre, we have asked for integrated food facility and logistics park. We have got the plot at Panchla near Uluberia. There was some dispute about the land. Now it has been almost resolved. The state government is cooperating with us,\" he added.ITC has sought 40 acres additional land from the state government for its proposed Rs 500 crore food processing project in Bengal. It may be noted that WBIDC had handed over 18 acres for the project to ITC last year.Earlier, Deveshwar said, \"We have asked for 40 acres more because the existing plot is too small for a big plant,\" he added. ITC executive director K Grant later said that it is looking at more production units for food business in Bengal. \"We have seen few locations including one near Bolepur,\" he said.According to him, majority of the projects for the proposed Rs 25,000 crore investment of ITC would be in FMCG. \"At the current moment, over 40 projects large and small are in various stages of implementation across the country and the majority of this is in FMCG,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15231603", "title": "Manoj's new home has a touch of Banaras", "text": "Hearth is where heart is holds true for actor and singer Manoj Tewari who has recently shifted to a new home in Andheri West . The actor has tried to bring in the feel of his roots in his home as the visitors rooms have been named as Mera Gaon and Mera Banaras.The room, mera gaon would certainly remind one of the village life, says Manoj . \"A charpai and muslan has been used as a decor. A guest would be offered water in a lota (metal pot) along with gur while brass glasses which are still prevalent in rural areas would be used for serving purposes. Though I live in Mumbai but my heart is still in my gaon in Bihar so wanted at least a part of that in my home, he says\"Since Banaras is city which is also close to my heart as I grew up there so the other room has been christened as Mera Banaras where all elements of the city would be present. Since the Indian style of sitting arrangement is very popular in Banaras where mattresses are spread on the floor for sitting along with cushions has been used in this room. Some wall paintings of the Ghat has been placed. How can another forget the cuisine of the city. We would be serving chura mattar, and laal peda the staple Banarasi snack to the visitors,\" he adds.The actor had recently held a house warming ceremony which was attended by actors Manoj Bajpayee, Ravi Kishan, singer Usha Uthup music director Ismail Durbar, lyricist Shabbir Ahmed, comedian Raju Srivastava, winner of Kaun Banega Crorepati Sushil Kumar, producer Vinod Bachchan, former crickter Salil Ankola among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219559", "title": "Mayor demands report on dump yard sites in a week", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing efforts to solve the problem of high pollution at Bhandewadi dumping yard, mayor Anil Sole has directed officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to inspect proposed sites for dump yards in the metro region and submit a report within a week. Meanwhile, East Nagpur MLA and BJP city president Krishna Khopde is upset over NMC's plan to continue the existing dumping yard at Bhandewadi for the next 10 years at least.To shift the city's only dumping yard at Bhandewadi, NMC requires at least 600 acres land outside the city limits, that too in five different locations. Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), which is the planning authority for metro region, has identified six sites for dump yards in the metro region, which is being planned. NIT chairman Praveen Darade had in a meeting on July 13 asked NIT officials to form a committee including officials from NIT, NMC, MPCB and Neeri, to inspect the sites for feasibility and technical examination. But the matter has been pending since then.Khopde, who has probably set a target to shift the Bhandewadi dumping yard out of the city before 2014 Assembly elections, requested Sole to continue pressing for the new sites. Sole held a meeting with NMC officials on Friday and asked them to form the committee, inspect the sites and submit a report within a week.Sources in NMC told TOI that Sole asked officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao to take special interest in the issue. \"Rao assured to form the committee and convene a meeting in couple of days. The NMC officials, though, are stressing on the inability to shift the dumping yard for at least 10 years considering the life of garbage treatment plant and two new landfill sites developed at the dumping yard,\" said sources.Khopde told TOI the dumping yard will have to shift after developing the new sites in metro region. \"Whatever the situation at Bhandewadi dumping yard, the NMC cannot play with the lives of citizens residing near the dumping yard,\" he said.A senior NMC official said NMC had directed the private agency which operates and maintains the garbage treatment plant to comply from August 1 with the recommendations submitted by Neeri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15222856", "title": "AITUC calls for CBI probe into Manesar violence", "text": "GURGAON: Sitting CPI MP and national general secretary of AITUC, Gurudas Dasgupta, on Friday condemned the July 18 violence at the Maruti plant in Manesar but demanded a CBI probe into the matter to bring the actual culprits to book.Dasgupta said while addressing a gathering in the city of hundreds of labourers, who came together from various unions affiliated to AITUC (All India Trade Union Congress), asking each one of them to stand in support of the Maruti workers and said that he did not trust any corrupt government that was not fair to workers.Dasgupta said that it is important that the Centre intervenes in the matter since it is important to understand what would have led those few hundred workers to take to such extreme violence.\"I have in the past and will in the future represent Manesar's labour issues in Parliament and take your voice to the Prime Minister. However, it is only our strength and unity which will help us get justice. We %demand accommodation, potable water, hygiene, health facilities, education (for our wards) and most of all equal wages for all contractual labourers,\" asserted Dasgupta.Dasgupta was backed by D L Sachdev, AITUC national secretary, who condemned the Maruti Manesar violence but said that the exact circumstances under which it took place must be ascertained.\"Sonu Gujjar along with 35 workers were paid and shunted out so that the management could control the union but it took just six months for the issues to come to the boil,\" said Sachdev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15216370", "title": "ND Tiwari becomes father at 86 years, establishes DNA test report", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the first such case involving a well-known politician in India, 86-year-old Congress leader N D Tiwari has been established by a DNA test to be the biological father of Delhi-based law graduate Rohit Shekhar.Announcing the result of the test conducted at a Hyderabad-based laboratory, Justice Reva Khetrapal of Delhi HC said on Friday: \"N D Tiwari is the biological father of Rohit Shekhar and Ujjwala Sharma is his biological mother.\" Both Ujjwala and Shekhar, who were present in court, wore a sombre look as soon as Justice Khetrapal announced the result.\"Tiwari's legal troubles will start now, this is just the beginning. He will pay for all the hurt he has caused my mother for so many years,\" Shekhar said as he left the courtroom, while Ujjwala said it is up to her son to decide if he wanted the Tiwari surname. Exulting in his new status, Shekhar said, \"I am not the illegitimate son, he is my illegitimate father.\"Friday's development marks a major milestone in the paternity suit filed by Shekhar in 2008 as Tiwari had for a long time resisted giving his blood for the DNA test and later tried to block the report being made public.The high court disclosed the result after it had rejected Tiwari's last ditch attempt to keep it a secret. A former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and Uttaranchal and former governor of Andhra Pradesh , Tiwari had stated on affidavit that Shekhar's claim was baseless and had moved seven appeals in Supreme Court and in the Delhi high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218584", "title": "3 nabbed for trader\u2019s murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the murder and robbery with the owner of Raj Provisional Store in Sector 22, Kailash Chand, Chandigarh Police have rounded up three suspects involved in the murder. Sources said one suspect out of the three nabbed has provided vital clue about the assailants and raids are being conducted to nab them. Sources revealed that an empty glass of liquor was also recovered from the scene of crime on Thursday. The case is being handled by crime branch in Sector 17 and cops had even announced a reward of Rs 2 lakh for the person who provides information about the assailants.Kailash was shot dead from a point blank range with a country made weapon and his brother Madan Lal and servant Tilak Raj were injured inside the departmental store on Thursday.The incident took place around 11.15pm when owners were closing the store and two assailants entered and one of them robbed the gold chain of Kailash.When Madan and Tilak intervened, assailants stabbed Madan and opened fired two gunshots, one hit Madan and the other hit Tilak. Madan was declared brought dead in GMSH-16 and injured Tilak is still admitted in PGI.Police sources said, \"The recording of CCTV cameras installed at a house situated near the departmental store and four other points including Aroma Light point, Sector 35 roundabout, ISBT-17 roundabout and light point of sectors 22/23 are being scrutinized.\"A special investigation team (SIT) was formed under the supervision of DSP (crime) Satbir Singh in this regard. A police team was also dispatched to the native place of victim family in Kaithal district for ascertaining any old enmity behind the murder.The body of Kailash was handed over to his family members after conducted a postmortem examination in GMSH-16 on Friday. Doctors have recovered the bullet, which hit Kailash, and sent it for forensic examination at CFSL in Sector 36. Deceased is survived by wife and three children.Lal injured one assailantInjured Madan Lal bit on the hand of one of the assailants during the scuffle inside the departmental store. Police sources said Lal was on the first floor when assailants were robbing the gold chain of Kailash and assailants stabbed them when servant Tilak Madan tried to intervene.Meanwhile, the condition of deceased's wife Rama Devi , was dismal and she kept saying that, \"the incident could have been averted if she was present at the store when the incident took place.\" Parveen Devi, wife of injured Madan Lal, said \"My husband had informed me about the incident, following which I rushed to the store and informed police control room.'Lawlessness a routine affair'With the increasing instances of crimes in Sector 22, area residents are left doubtful about the functioning of area police. Sudhir Gupta, a neighbour of deceased Kailash, said snatchings and lawlessness on the part of PG youths have become a routine affair in Sector 22. Vimla Parshant, another Sector-22 resident said police has completely failed to check crime in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215310", "title": "6 killed in mishap in Churu", "text": "JAIPUR: Six men from Punjab were killed while at least seven others were injured in a head-on collision between an SUV and a bus in Churu's Ratangarh police station area on Friday.According to the police, the accident took place near Bhojasar village under Ratangarh police station area around 4.30 am.\"A Hanumangarh depot bus of Rajasthan Roadways was on its way to Sujangarh from Ratangarh and was carrying about 20 passengers, while a Tavera was coming from the opposite direction,\" said a police officer.There were six men in the SUV. \"It seems the bus lost control and hit the SUV. All the six men sitting in the SUV were killed on the spot,\" said the office.The deceased were identified as Mohit Kumar (20), Vikram Singh (30), Suraj Prakash (40), Mankeet Singh (21), Kuldeep Singh (25) and Bhutta Singh (27). They belonged to Sangrur and Ludhiana in Punjab.\"The six persons had gone to Kerala on a vacation trip and were returning to Punjab,\" said the officer, adding that seven bus passengers also sustained injuries.The police have booked the bus driver. \"We have kept the bodies in mortuary of a hospital. The postmortem will be conducted on Saturday,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15219761", "title": "Are the alarm bells ringing with Goa slipping four spots on the education index?", "text": "This report is not surprising as several school teachers and educationists are lamenting the fact that students today are not motivated and disinterested in studies as they are assured of being promoted. Most school children lack the reading habit and seem incapable of writing or don't possess conversational skills. Learning is merely by rote and not comprehension. The quality of teaching, school infrastructure, the availability of textbooks are areas which need to be addressed.Cyanna Mendes Hoogewerf Lecturer, PanajiI do not think that a marginal slide in education index, in terms of ranking between states, is a signal for alarm. The higher relative ranking of Goa during the earlier year should also not be taken as a sign of quality performance. Hence, let us not blow both the statistical findings beyond proportions. At the same time, I wish to underscore that Goa needs to continuously upgrade teaching, learning and evaluation methodologies at primary and upper primary levels, while demanding quality performance from teachers to ensure higher levels of learning and overall development of the child.Prabhakar Timble Educationist, MargaoWith my own experience while interacting with students and observing their learning problems, the results of this report (the national education development index) does not surprise me. Students are facing problems with subjects like math because they cannot learn it by rote, which is the learning system predominant in the state. The learning system should focus on students grasping concepts. Our learning system needs to change. Students should be able to use what they have learned outside the classroom. Tests are not a good way of evaluating their performance. One can only hope that the new system of continuous assessment is implemented correctly. We need teachers who can think analytically and teach concepts in a way that students understand them.Nandita de Souza Director, Sethu centre, PanajiIn Goa, the RTE has been partially introduced. The curriculum in the syllabi has not been reorganized. Hence, the assessment by the NCERT is not valid as far as Goa is concerned.Bonfilio D'Cruz Former director of education, Miramar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lohardagaa", "code": "15220969", "title": "District jail in Lohardaga to get legal aid clinic", "text": "LOHARDAGAA: Centralized filing system for providing case details through internet on court's website at civil courts and a Legal Aid Clinic in the district jail will start functioning in Lohardaga from Saturday.Justice Pradeep P Bhatt of the Jharkhand high court-cum-zonal judge of Lohardaga judgeship inaugurated both the facilities in two functions in the jail and court.Secretary of district legal services authority PK Chaurasia said all the necessary preparations were made for the inauguration ceremonies.\"Legal Aid Clinic is a forum to provide free legal help to the needy people which will benefit the under trials in the Lohardaga jail. Two of the total eight proposed legal aid clinics have already been made functional in the district's Jori and Juriya villages' panchayat bhavans. District administration and judiciary are taking the necessary steps to start the rest at the earliest. Jail's clinic is additional, he said.Old data of cases have been uploaded on the court's website. After the centralized filing system is inaugurated new cases will get an entry. Till date nearly 3,700 cases are pending in the district. People can now get detailed status of their cases on Net.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220152", "title": "Students' insurance scheme revised", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has announced a revised scheme of students' safety insurance for the academic year (AY) 2012-13.The scheme, implemented by the university's board of students' welfare (BSE) since 1992-93, provides an insurance cover of up to Rs 50,000 in case of an accidental death and between Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000 in case of physical disability caused by accident, to any enrolled student from the UoP's 650-odd affiliated colleges and 300 recognised institutions.The university provides a matching contribution of the claim amount settled by the insurance company, to the concerned claimant. As such, the total cover in case of accidental death, goes up to Rs 1 lakh while the amount, in case of physical disability, ranges between Rs 10,000 and Rs 1 lakh, depending upon the extent of disability certified by medical authorities.While a notional insurance fund of Rs 10 each is collected from students at the time of admission, the university foots the collective premium bill claimed by its partner insurance company to provide insurance cover to its students. All insurance claims are to be routed through the concerned affiliated college or recognised institution.Director of UoP's BSW, Pandit Shelke, told TOI on Friday, \"The revised scheme will now be implemented in association with the United India Insurance Company as per an agreement signed recently, instead of the Oriental Insurance Company, which was the earlier scheme partner.\"\"The scheme has picked up in the last couple of years in terms of the number of claims forwarded by students, who suffered varied degrees of physical disability on account of accidents,\" Shelke said.\"A total of 57 claims were filed in AY 2011-12 and 19 of these have been settled so far by the insurance firm,\" he said. \"The remaining cases are pending for want of requisite support documents like medical certificates etc, which we are following up with the claimants,\" he added.\"Last year (AY 2011-12), the UoP paid a collective premium of Rs 8.84 lakh against which the overall amount of claims made was Rs 20 lakh. The claim ratio, which refers to the amount claimed for a premium of Rs 100, too has gone up to Rs 218,\" Shelke said.\"This is far better than the claim ratio in the range of Rs 120 to Rs 140 for the last few years and shows the increasing awareness of students,\" he said.\"Under the revised scheme, the university has paid a collective premium of Rs 14 lakh to the insurance firm for AY 2012-13,\" he said. \"The company has assured settlement of claims within 7 to 15 days, depending on the time taken for fulfilment of all processes related to submission of support documents,\" he added.Details of the insurance scheme, including the prescribed forms for claims and undertakings and authorities to be contacted at the insurance firm, have been posted on the university's website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221079", "title": "Chennai-based scientist wins Unesco award", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai-based Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) scientist has been selected for the Unesco's 'Man and the Biosphere Programme' awards. V M Sathish Kumar has been selected for his research on developing strategies and a regulatory framework for the sustainable fishing of sea cucumbers in the Gulf of Manner biosphere reserve.A senior scientist with the southern regional center of ZSI in Chennai, Kumar was selected as one among the 12 international scientists for their projects on ecosystems, natural resources and biodiversity. The award was announced by the international coordinating council of the 'Man and the Biosphere Programme' of UNESCO in Paris last week. Kumar is the only scientist selected from India for the awards announced under 'Laureates of Young Scientists and Michel Batisse Awards' category.Kumar, who hails from a remote village in Kulamavu, Kerala did his doctoral degree in biological sciences - conservation genetics from the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom. Kumar has also studied the genetic diversity of reptiles from the Indian and South American sub continents.He is currently working on molecular genetics and population genetic studies on selected faunal groups in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15217955", "title": "Ludhiana forgets its 'Olympic philospher'", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The city may have forgotten its \"Olympic house\", situated in Sarabha Nagar, and even the country may have lost track of its \"Olympic philosopher\" Baljit Singh Grewal, but his student Brij Bhushan Goel, now 61 and a retired banker, remembers his teacher quite often and visits his Sarabha Nagar home too.Grewal is known as the \"Olympic philosopher\" for his words became the motto of 1968 Mexico Olympics and were translated into various languages, apart from being used during various other international games and consequently becoming one of the most prominent thoughts proposed in sports philosophy.\"To distil human strength into speed and skill and to elevate mankind's mind above the weakness of reward and recognition is the soul purpose of sports,\" were the words Grewal, a geography teacher at Government College, Ludhiana, in those days, had sent to the Olympic committee. The professor, with immense interest in poetry and philosophy, had called his thought \"An eastern expression of Olympic philosophy\". He passed away in 1996.International Olympic Committee's fifth president Avery Brundage had appreciated Grewal's epigram as matchless and recommended that the entire expression be reproduced on the cover of an international Olympic publication. The journey of Grewal's immortal words did not stop there as the expression was translated in Persian, French, German and English to be used for international sports events like the seventh Asian games at Tehran in 1974, at Montreal in 1976 and in the 1982 Asian games as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215877", "title": "NRI lands in Mumbai, held in human-trafficking case", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old non-resident Indian (NRI) was arrested upon her arrival at the Mumbai airport in a 2008 human-trafficking case. Lili Pal alias Jyoti Bajaj arrived from London by a British Airways flight on Friday morning. She was wanted by the Mumbai crime branch and a lookout notice had been issued against her.The police had arrested eight persons in the case, said inspector Ramesh Mahale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15215206", "title": "Greater Noida to get seven more sewage treatment plants", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida Authority has now notified seven new sewage treatment plants (STP) with upgraded technology at various spots across the city. While the construction of one STP is already underway, the Authority says that as soon as the Noida Extension impasse lifts, work on all the treatment plants will begin.In its recent meetings over the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021, NCRPB had remarked that while \"due to planned development all sectors have been provided with underground sewerage, however, even after 20 years, the STPs have not been constructed\" and that the Authority must do something about it.The Authority has now notified all the new STPS in the improvised Master Plan 2021, including the 137 MLD STP in Kasna, construction work for which is already on. To ensure that no untreated municipal sewage and industrial effluent is drained into the Hindon, the Authority has consulted IIT-Delhi for developing all the eight STPs and these will operate using the modern Sequencing Batch Reactor technology.Although Greater Noida was formed in 1991, the city is yet to get a sewage treatment plant. While till a few years back all untreated waste was being discharged into the river, the Authority has of late been treating this discharged waste with chemical oxidation which is an extremely slow process.\"In the initial 6-7 yrs of development in the city, only the process of master plan preparation, infrastructure plans, laying roads, etc were emphasized upon. For waste disposal, an oxidation pond was made and pumping stations created. Only now with a population of 2.5 lakh, the STPs are required,\" an official said.The installation of these state-of-the-art STPs will not only guarantee a clean environment, ensure better quality of treated water and stop the use of ground water for irrigation, but these will also prevent further pollution of the Hindon River to a great extent.The Authority has now proposed to become a 'zero discharge city' by 2021. Six more STPs that will treat 414 MLD of waste will come up at Phase-II, Ecotech 6, tech zone, Ecotech 2, Sector 1 and Ecotech 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221682", "title": "Madhya Pradesh assembly rolls back Cong MLAs expulsion", "text": "BHOPAL: In an unprecedented move, Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly on Friday created history when its special session unanimously adopted a resolution to restore membership of two Congress legislators, who were expelled from the house just 10 days ago for showing 'disrespect' to the Speaker.The MLAs were expelled after they blocked the Speaker's way to the House and later climbed on the podium and tearing off papers during the monsoon session. \"It's a historic day for the vidhan sabha and for parliamentary traditions. Both the ruling party and the opposition have shown tolerance\", said Speaker Ishwardas Rohani in his opening remarks as the House assembled for the special session convened to restore the membership of Congress legislators Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Dr Kalpana Parulekar. Both ere expelled from the membership on July 18 when the House adopted by voice vote a resolution to that effect.Legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra moved a resolution for restoring the membership of both the legislators stating that they had expressed their regrets for their conduct in the House and has also requested to re-consider the decision to expel them from the assembly.The House later unanimously adopted this resolution and adjourned sine die after the national anthem. Political observers say that it was perhaps for the first time in the history of parliamentary democracy in India that the any House of elected representatives had resorted to such an action of first expelling its sitting members and then restoring their membership by adopting a resolution after their seats had \"fallen vacant\".After Chaturvedi and Parulekar were expelled on July 18, the EC had as struck off their names from the voters list for the Presidential poll which was held on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15228239", "title": "Yami Gautham learns Telugu", "text": "After the success of the Bollywood film Vicky Donor, actress Yami Gautham has bagged the female lead role opposite Allu Sirish in the bilingual film Gauravam. Yami Gautham's performance received critical acclaim in Ravi Babu's \"Nuvvila\", and latest reports say that the actress also impressed the makers on the sets of \"Gauravam\".Reports say that Yami Gautham, although not well versed with Tamil and Telugu, decided to learn the language for the bilingual film. The makers initially thought to shift dates to facilitate Yaami with more time to hone her language but the actress took it as a challenge to improve her Telugu and Tamil simultaneously.A source from set reveals \"Although Yami is not fluent in any of the South languages; it didn't hinder Yaami's performance. The actress decided to work with the unit on her dialogues till she got them right and eventually impressed everyone\".With newer and younger faces popping up in Tollywood and Kollywood in every other film, the competition is getting hotter. So if Yami Gautham can pick up the language pretty quickly, then she's sure to give the Southern girls a run for their money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15231703", "title": "Rajasthani cinema on revival mode; 7 films released in last 2 years", "text": "JAIPUR: It appears that the dying Rajasthani cinema is on revival mode. The year 2012 has brought four films on screen. These films did not get the audience as per expectations, but the Rajasthani filmmakers are keen to take up this cinema to a standards where they can make handsome money and plug loopholes, whatsoever.Till late 80s, filmstars like Rakesh Roshan had worked in films like Rumkudi Jhumkudi and others mainstream actors including Pran, Dharmendra , Jagdeep and others did many Rajasthani films.However, the decade of the 90s was the decaying period for this cinema as majority of the filmmakers of Rajasthani cinema moved towards making Hindi cinema.But, the recent incentives by the government of Rajasthan have allowed many producers to make a technically sound film with a scope of having a good budget. \"The state government in the year 2010 had announced that a Rajasthani film or any other language film is shot extensively in the state, it would be exempted from the entertainment tax. Likewise, the state government had also announced an aid of Rs 5 lakh to Rajasthani language having U certificate for a film extensively shot in Rajasthan,\" said Nandu Jalani, a producer of Rajasthani films like Baba Ramdev.It may be recalled that megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who starred in Bengali, Bhojpuri and Malayalam films, is considering to take up a Rajasthani film, although he is worried about mastering the language. Film critic Komal Nahata who hails from Rajasthan had meetings with Bachchan on the issue.Last two years has been satisfactory for the Rajasthani cinemas as it brought films like Doosari Vidai(2011), Maata Ka Laal-Meena Gujjar(2011), Mehar Karo Pallaj Mata(2011), Chunari Odsi Maharo Veer(2012), Bhobhar(2012), Raju Ban Gayo MLA(2012), Bhanwari(2012).\"These films may not have done brisk business. But time has come when one can expect a thumping revival of Rajasthani films,\" said a distributor.Films like Supatar Beendari(1983), Bai Chali Sasariye, Rumkudi Jhumkudi had houseful shows in late 80s. Many in the cinema trade of Rajasthan believe that in a scenario when Bhojpuri films are doing wonders in regional cinema, with the existing population of Rajasthani film lovers, this cinema can also elevate.\"I think what we need is big budget in a scenario when Hindi cinema and its grandeur is lavish. Rajasthani films and its characterization need to be changed as people of Rajasthan these days are living in countries including US and UK. Thus to take a film to that scale we need finances and if we will get good budget, Rajasthani cinema would be enhanced,\" said a producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220362", "title": "Action against Chaudhary if found guilty: Govt to HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government on Friday assured Gujarat high court that the role of BJP MLA from Radhanpur, Shankar Chaudhary, would be probed in connection with the allegations of misuse of Prime Minister's National Relief Fund (PMNRF) for the 2001 earthquake relief.Division bench of Justice Akil Kureshi and Justice Harsha Devani last week asked the state government to clarify its stand on whether it was willing to include the role of Chaudhary and his trust into the inquiry it had ordered. The question was raised after a division bench of HC asked Chaudhary to make repayment of the entire sum to PMNRF following the complaints regarding malpractice in utilization of the fund were proved.In response to the court's question, education department's joint secretary Kirtida Brahmabhatt produced an order passed by the state government stating that the inquiry would be conducted against Chaudhary and his trust - Swami Vivekanand Vikas Mandal.\"Inquiry, being carried out by Sangeeta Sinh, principal secretary, education, will also be conducted on whether Chaudhary or his trust has resorted to any illegalities for availing relief from PMNRF in 2001,\" said the order passed on July 23, 2012.The order further reads, \"On the conclusion of the inquiry on prima facie if any illegalities will be found, then initiation of criminal proceedings will also be recommended while submitting the report.\"Following this undertaking, the division bench has granted two months' time to the state government to submit the inquiry report.The petition was filed by one Farsu Goklani through his advocate Jal Soli Unwala. It claimed that even nearly two years after the HC ordered action against those responsible for the misuse of relief fund, no steps had been initiated in this regard.In 2007, Goklani filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) accusing Chaudhary of misusing PMNRF to the tune of Rs 21 lakh. In its 2010 order on the PIL, HC directed Chaudhary to reimburse the amount he had availed from PMNRF, with 10% interest and also directed the government for initiating actions against all responsible persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218309", "title": "Panjab University witnesses clash ahead of polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Political rivalry among two students' groups in their race to win the hearts of voters took an ugly turn on Friday as their members were caught in a clash near UIET (University Institute of Engineering and Technology) department (in Sector 25 campus) and then near the law department, (in Sector 14 campus) inside Panjab University. Students were armed with sharp-edged weapons, sticks and batons.Amarinder Singh alias Aman, student of French department and supporter of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) sustained injuries on his right arm and fingers. He was admitted at Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16. Besides, five to six students also sustained minor injuries. According the police, students of Indian National Students Organization (INSO) and PUSU clashed. \"We have identified the accused and will arrest them soon. INSO and PUSU students were campaigning at UIET department when they indulged in some argument and started pelting stones at each other. When security officers reached there, they fled the spot,\" said a police official here.\"However, they reached law department and started fighting again. INSO students also damaged cars belonging to PUSU members,\" he added. Most of the accused students, to avoid arrest, escaped from the campus by scaling the boundary walls and police found an abandoned car near the PU's residential area.PUSU leader Sumit Goklaney said, \"We have identified all accused and have provided their names and addresses to the police. They had earlier also threatened us many times.\"Meanwhile, police have registered a case.A few days back, PU authorities had announced that they would cancel the elections if even a single incident of violence is reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15221041", "title": "Traders want gutka ban deferred in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Questioning the state government's decision to impose instant ban on the production, storage, distribution and sale of pan masala (Gutka) in the state, traders here argued they should have been given some more days to sell off the available stock before imposition of the ban orders. Upset with the state health department for not consulting the traders before issuing the ban notification, the vendors fear illegal selling of gutkas shall continue for the next few weeks.\"Do you think the vendors will dump the existing stock of gutkas in the drain? They have paid price and bought it. The business will continue surreptitiously till existing stock gets exhausted,\" said a gutka trader maintaining anonymity. He was part of the delegation that approached the district administration for submitting a memorandum for extension deferring the ban orders on Friday.\"The Haryana government also banned gutka but prior to imposing the ban orders it gave two weeks time to the traders for selling off the existing stock,\" said Jamshedpur Cha- mber of Commerce and Industry functionary, Mohanlal Agarwal who led the delegation. Similarly, he said the Jharkhand government should also extend the ban orders for another 10 days, at least.The vendors also said that police are taking undue advantage of the ban orders and harassing petty betel shop vendors since the law came into effect. \"Particularly, the small pan shop owners are confronting police harassment,\" said a delegation member.Early this week, the Arjun Munda cabinet banned production, storage, distribution and sale of gutkas in the state.\"We welcome the decision to ban gutka but government should be rational enough in understanding the financial complications involved when orders are imposed,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218585", "title": "Police nab three for vandalizing Maya's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Special task force of the Uttar Pradesh Police on Friday arrested president of Uttar Pradesh Navnirman Sena Amit Jani and his aides Ravindra Chaudhary and Qasim. Jani has accepted the statue of ex-UP chief minister Mayawati was vandalized by members of UPNS.Police claim that Chaudhary and Qasim were among those who were on the spot near Ambedkar Park on Thursday in Lucknow's Gomtinagar to damage the statue.Jani managed to dodge the police for more than 24 hours while constantly on the move and making calls to media informing them of his next move. \"Next it will be a Rath Yatra to mobilize people against Mayawati brand of dictatorial politics,\" he had said in one of his calls. It was one of these calls that provided a definite clue to the STF about his location somewhere in the national capital region. They were eventually nabbed from Gurgaon on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15229067", "title": "The Newsmaker is postponed", "text": "Director Diphan's next with superstar Mammootty, 'The Newsmaker', has been postponed. Confirming the news, the director says, \"Yes, The Newsmaker will be delayed for a while. It will start rolling only next year. There will be slight changes in the script.\"The Newsmaker is touted to explore the world of broadcast media. It will see Mammootty essaying the role of a matured journalist. Earlier, the director had shared, \"It's a take on responsible journalism. Today, for the sake of TRPs, media doesn't mind sensationalising an event. My movie takes a jibe at such attitude.\"The movie also stars Sethu (Myna fame), Nedumudi Venu along with many fresh faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218884", "title": "Tenant turns thief, decamps with Rs 90k", "text": "NAGPUR: Nandanvan police have registered an offence against a shopkeeper's former tenant who decamped after allegedly stealing Rs 90,000 from the counter of the grocery outlet at Hiwre Nagar slums. The complaint was lodged on Thursday after the theft came to notice.It is learnt that Sahu brothers, who had gone to their native place, had left their shop under the care of a teenage cousin. Accused Pappu Shrivastava, staying as a tenant, had befriended the teenager when the Sahus were away. Shrivastava, it is learnt, would often send the teenager on some or the other errand. As the teenager would leave the shop, Shrivastava would take money from the cash counter. This way, he took out nearly Rs 90,000 before Sahus returned. Shrivastava also left his room without informing the Sahus. Police have now launched a manhunt for Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218961", "title": "Rebels may take advantage of riots", "text": "KOLKATA: Militant groups in the Bodoland Territorial Areas District may draw fresh justification for existence post-communal flare-up in Kokrajhar which remains an ethno-communal tinder-box. Time and again, armed militant groups have come to the rescue of communities they profess to represent during conflicts. Kokrajhar riots have been no exception.Gunshot injuries from automatic weapons among riot victims point at the presence of militant groups during the violence, said an Assam government source. Even if groups like National Democratic Front of Bodoland weren't involved, the possibility of its individual members being involved can't be ruled out.The source said that two factions of NDFB are well-armed, notwithstanding the ceasefire. Although Bodoland Liberation Tiger Force is now running the Bodoland Territorial Council, it is believed that its cadres have not surrendered their weapons. Bodo leaders argue that these militant groups alone should not be blamed for firing during the clashes; sections of other communities in BTAD, too, are armed, they said.There is a general sense of befuddlement as to why the government failed to react when there were early signs of a flare-up in shape of sporadic killing of Bodos and immigrant Muslims. There have been agitations and bandhs against the separate statehood demand and the inclusion of non-Bodo areas in BTC. Besides, there were also clashes between groups supporting and opposing the statehood demand.Sources see the presence of an \"invisible hand\", using the grievance of non-Bodo communities to scuttle the fresh demand for a separate Bodoland raised by organizations like All Bodo Students' Union. While there are various communities living in BTAD area, tussle over land between Bodos and immigrants is a source of tension that can be easily ignited.Kokrajhar riots may be a loss of face for those running the territorial council as it was for them to protect different communities in the BTAD area, say sources. In the world of BTAD, politics ruled by guns and underground groups, rival NDFB could emerge stronger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218922", "title": "\u20182 Pakistan officials guided Zubair\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine days after the Crime Branch arrested a Jamia Nagar resident on charges of gathering information about Indian defence establishments for Pakistan, investigators claim they have identified two senior Pakistan High Commission officials who were supervising the spy.Sources say the two cannot be questioned as they enjoy diplomatic immunity. Police will now approach the ministry of external affairs for help in probing their role.Sources say the alleged spy, Zubair Khan, used to meet the Pakistani handlers regularly and knew them by their code names, Talib and Fayyaz. \"Khan says he does not know their designations. We have some details about them which we cannot share at this moment,\" said a senior officer.Zubair was arrested after Crime Branch officials kept tabs on him for long and found out that he was gathering information about defence establishments here and handing over the same to these two officers. Police had even recovered some maps of cantonment areas and details of various battalions of the army.Apart from spying on defence establishments, sources say, Khan was tasked with collecting data about Air India pilots, since fresh talks are on between India and Pakistan on starting flights; about journalists who write on and frequently travel to Pakistan, families that regularly visit Pakistan, and government officials with bilateral roles.Zubair Khan is a resident of Shaheen Bagh in Jamia Nagar. He had reportedly come in touch with the officers of the Pak High Commission when he went there for an interview for an Urdu teacher's post, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15219851", "title": "Goa will not get power from Kaiga, says Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said that Goa will not get power from the Kaiga nuclear plant at Karwar, even as he said two companies have approached the government to set up a gas-based power plant in Goa.Power minister Milind Naik said the government intends to undertake underground cabling in the state at the cost of 20,000 crore over the next five years.Intervening in the discussion on demands for grants, Parrikar said that Goa is a member of the western grid and Kaiga is in the southern region. \"Hence, Goa will not get power from Kaiga as regular allotment,\" he said.The Kaiga issue was raised by Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho, who wondered why Goa is not getting power from the nuclear station when it is so close to Goa.He said that the state government should approach the Centre on the grounds that Goa would be a casualty if there is an accident at Kaiga.On the gas-based power plant, Parrikar said that one company has approached him while the other has indicated to the department that they're ready to set up the plant. \"We'll have to see who can give us the cheapest power,\" he added. He was referring to the project of Gail which will come up in Sancoale.The power minister, Naik, said that underground cabling would be taken up on priority in coastal areas and towns including Porvorim. Stating that the cost would be around 10,000 crore, he said that if the state goes in for dedicated trenches, the cost will double.Members cutting across party lines drew the attention of the government to the electricity department issuing bills after 3-4 months. The minister said that there is shortage of meter readers.Others in the house too said that the government has failed to detect power theft, especially in Cuncolim and Kundaim industrial estates, by power guzzlers. One MLA demanded insurance to people whose domestic appliances get burnt because of voltage fluctuations. Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo demanded a 24-hour complaints section. Members also said that when lights go off, the department phones either kept off the hook or are found busy.To a query from Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco regarding recruitments just before the election code came into force, the power minister agreed to his demand for a inquiry.Responding to Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal's question, Naik said instructions would be issued to provide power supply to Sal village which is currently getting power from Maharashtra. The village is excessively-billed by the neighbouring state.Naik also said that the central allocation of power to Goa is around 462 MW. Besides, Goa receives 17 MW from Ratnagiri, 12-16 MW from Reliance and 20 MW from cogeneration power plant. In 2017, the power requirement will be around 825 MW, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15221114", "title": "IIT Bombay to survey cracks on expressway", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has sought technical guidance from the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B) to repair cracks that have appeared on the Pune-Mumbai expressway due to wear and tear of the concrete panels on the road.A team from IIT-B will soon conduct a survey of the 95-km expressway and suggest measures to repair the damage, an MSRDC official told TOI.The survey will be completed in a week's time, after which the IIT team will submit a report to the MSRDC.MSRDC officials said each lane of the expressway has around 300 concrete panels per km. As the expressway has six lanes, three in each corridor, there are nearly 2,000 panels per km on the expressway. Cracks on the road surface have appeared because of wear and tear of the panels due to geographical and weather conditions and movement of vehicles, officials said.The expressway was opened to traffic ten years ago. The cracks are not major in nature, but need to be repaired to prevent further deterioration. Not all panels need to be repaired, officials said.Earlier this year, the MSRDC completed repairs of panels on a 20-km stretch of the expressway near Mumbai. The team will also study the effectiveness of these repairs. The MSRDC spent around Rs 1.5 crore for the repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15218784", "title": "Aavin unit sets new record in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai district has registered a record procurement of milk through Aavin.State dairy development minister, V Moorthy, who held a review meeting here on Friday, said that the Madurai district unit of Tamil Nadu Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation had registered a procurement of 2.23 lakh litres in the month of July. In the corresponding period last year, the milk procurement was just 1.98 lakh litres, he said. This was a tremendous growth in terms of overall milk procurement by Aavin as in February last year, the procurement stood at a meagre 1.37 lakh litres in Madurai, he noted. Moorthy further said that the target for the next month has been set at 2.4 lakh litres.The minister said that the sale of milk through Aavin has also increased from 1.2 lakh litres last year to 1.56 lakh litres. Additional agents are being roped in to increase the milk sales to 1.75 lakh litres, he said. In a bid to encourage agents, the department has issued an order to increase the commission from Re 1 to Rs 1.25 per litre.In Madurai city, Aavin was selling 2.5 tonnes of butter and 12 tonnes of ghee. Efforts are on to increase the sale of ghee to 20 tonnes. tnnThe balance sheet of Aavin has also witnessed a reversal in trend. From registering a loss of Rs 2.5 crore in the years 2009-10 and 2010-11, Aavin had achieved a profit of Rs 2 crore per month from November 2011. In the quarter ending June 2012, a profit of Rs 5.5 crore has been recorded, he said.Moorthy also inspected the Aavin unit in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219069", "title": "Cop\u2019s body found in Bawana canal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a Delhi Police head constable, who had been reported missing since Wednesday, was found in a canal in outer Delhi on Friday morning. Although the case appears to be a suicide, police said, a case of murder has been registered.\"We will be carrying out a detailed postmortem. It will be conducted by a board of doctors. Earlier we had registered a case of kidnapping at the K N Katju Marg. We have now upgraded it to a case of murder,'' said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).The body of head constable Sunil (32), who was working as a reader with the vigilance department at the Delhi Police headquarters, was fished out from west Delhi's Bawana canal at around 11.30am. \"Sunil's i10 was recovered near Bawana canal on Thursday. Since then we were searching the canal with the help of expert divers,\" a police officer said. The cop said that it seems like a case of suicide and the body has been sent for post mortem. Sunil who lived with his family in south Delhi's Pul Prahladpur area was last seen on Wednesday.In another incident, a 28-year-old auto parts dealer shot himself with a country-made pistol inside his residence in southeast Delhi's Ambedkar Nagar on Friday, police said.\"Neighbours said that for the last three months Kulwant's business was not doing well. It might have been the reason behind his extreme step,\" said a police officer. No suicide note was recovered from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220404", "title": "Murder case hearing of Juhi Prasad deferred", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Friday deferred the hearing of Anushree Kundra, the suspect in the murder of Juhi Prasad, till August 4.The hearing was fixed for enabling the defence to accept or deny the documents in the case under section 294 of the Criminal Procedure Code. The court will pass an order on the plea filed by Juhi's father for returning her laptop seized in the case on the same day.Kundra has been accused of murdering Juhi, a Delhi-based lawyer, by setting her on fire, on October 13, 2011, at the flat of Nimesh Sinha, her alleged former boyfriend, at Wanowrie. Sinha also suffered burn injuries. Kundra was arrested after she surrendered in a court on November 15, 2011.On July 19, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar had framed charges against Kundra (39)of New Delhi for murdering Prasad. The judge also framed attempt to murder charges against Kundra for trying to kill Nimesh Sinha. Juhi was Sinha's fiance. Kundra was Sinha's former girl friend.Kundra had filed a writ petition in the HC alleging that the police illegally detained her from December 8 for two weeks as they had failed to procure a court order to extend her judicial custody. The Pune district and sessions court had conducted a judicial inquiry into the detention issue and had submitted a report to the HC on Thursday saying that her detention was not illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15221790", "title": "Accused in Generalganj loot-cum-murder case shot", "text": "KANPUR: The police and special operation group personnel shot a criminal involved in Generalganj loot-cum-murder incident, in an encounter in Barra in the wee hours of Friday.The criminal identified as Sharad alias Little Chandel, was the mastermind behind the Generalganj loot-cum-murder incident, in which Rs 18 lakh was robbed from the employees of Govardhan Sari centre and its security guard Ram Vilas Tewari (55) gunned down in full public view on July 16.DIG Amitabh Yash said that the police and SOG sleuths laid a trap near Tatya Tope Nagar in Barra on Thursday night, following a tip-off that the criminal and his two aides would be travelling on a two-wheeler. At around 4 am, when the cops spotted the two-wheeler and indicated it to stop, the criminals opened fire on the police party and tried to flee on foot.In the exchange of firing, one robber identified as Sharad alias Little Chandel suffered bullet injuries and slumped on the ground. He succumbed to wounds. His aides managed to escape.The police claimed to have recovered Rs 4 lakh in cash, a part of the looted amount and a rifle from the spot. A country-made pistol and a large number of cartridges and a motorcycle were also recovered. The slain criminal was carrying a reward of Rs 10,000. He was wanted in 30 to 40 cases of heinous crime, Yash said.The police said that Sharad, a resident of Naubasta had hatched a plan to loot the employees of Govardhan Sari centre. Sharad had opened fire on the security guard Ram Vilas Tewari and another employee Ramesh Chandra Gupta.The police had already arrested three accused identified as Manoj Gupta, Ankur and Pappu Kashyap.SP (city) Umesh Kumar Singh said that a hunt had been launched to nab the absconding criminals connected with Generalganj loot-cum-murder incident.The members of Cawnpore Kapra committee have lauded the efforts of the police.Robbery accused sent to jail on judicial remand: Chief metropolitan magistrate granted judicial custody remand of three accused on Friday, who had committed a loot of Rs 18 lakh after killing a security guard of a sari firm in Generalganj on July 16.The accused have been identified as Manoj Gupta, Ankur and Pappu Kashyap. The police claimed that the three accused and their accomplice Nitin Chandel had committed broad-day light robbery. They had killed Ram Vilas Tewari, the security guard of Gowardhan Sari Center and looted Rs 18 lakh.The police also claimed that they had recovered a part of booty from the accused. The cops produced the three before the CMM court. The CMM granted judicial custody and sent them to the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15219393", "title": "Dalit killed for refusing to sell liquor on credit", "text": "HISAR: A 32-year-old dalit man from Panihar Chak village of the district was killed for refusing to sell liquor on credit to a group of upper caste men.Angered by the 'temerity' of Mahender Kumar, 20-odd men allegedly kidnapped and attacked him with sharp-edged weapons on Thursday night. His cousins also sustained serious injuries when they went to his rescue.According to Kuldeep, an eyewitness, the accused came to Mahender's liquor shop at 11.30pm. They were infuriated when he did not accede to their demand of providing them liquor on credit. Following an exchange of hot words, they bundled him into their vehicle and took him to an isolated area in a nearby village, where they set upon him with sharp-edged weapons, killing him.Kuldeep said when Mahender's cousins' Ramesh and Balbir followed the kidnappers to Mulkan village, they too were attacked.Raja, Kuldeep Singh, Anil Kumar and 18 other unidentified persons have been booked under various sections of the IPC and SC/ ST Act. Preliminary investigations indicate that Azad Nagar police post in charge ASI Partap Singh was negligent in performing his duties. He has been suspended and sent to the police lines.Police stepped up action in the case when relatives of the victim and other villagers blocked the Hisar-Rajgarh road. The protesters carried out the cremation only after officials of the district administration, including Hisar SP Anil Dhawan, promised them that the guilty would be brought to book.A police spokesman said sections under the SC/ST Act were added as the victim is from Dhanak community and all the accused are Jats. Hisar SP said, ''Action was taken against the ASI as he failed to act in time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218192", "title": "Raksha Bandhan special train to ease rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear extra rush of passengers during 'Raksha Bandhan', Northern Railways has decided to run one trip of special train number 04201/04202 between Lucknow and Delhi Jn.The 04201 Lucknow-Delhi Jn. Express special train will depart from Lucknow at 09.15 pm on August 5 (1 trip) to reach Delhi Jn. at 06.25 am the next day. In the return direction, train number 04202 will depart from Delhi Jn. at 09.15 am on August 6 to reach Lucknow at 06.15 p.m. the same day.The train will consist of one AC 2 tier, two AC 3 tier, 10 sleeper class, five general class and two second class cum Luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Bareilly, Moradabad and Ghaziabad stations enroute in both the directions. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15219758", "title": "Lesotho national held for illegal drug possession", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police on Wednesday night arrested a Lesotho national near the Saligao junction on charges of possessing drugs.Bobby Lawrence, 28, who was residing at Calangute, was found in illegal possession of 2g of cocaine worth 14,000 and cash of 14,000. Lawrence was booked under the NDPS Act and taken into police custody. The police team comprised PI Nolasco Raposo, PSI Melson Colaco, constables Vinod Naik, Govind Gawas, Nareshkumar Salgaonkar, Sachin Atoskar, Vinay Srivastav, Irshad Watangi, Rama Sawal and head constable-driver Manoj Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15220791", "title": "MLA lauds police for breakthrough in media house attack case", "text": "ITANAGAR: MLA Techi Kaso lauded the police department, particularly the city police led by SP Hibu Tamang, for nabbing ten youths in connection with the April 15 attack on a media house. He said investigations into the cases of attacks on mediapersons and media houses of the state should be taken to their logical conclusion by punishing the lawbreakers.\"It is highly appreciable that all sections of the society extended their cooperation in making the breakthrough in the April 15 'Arunachal Times' vandalism case. Such cooperation is in the greater welfare of the society,\" the MLA said.Capital SP Hibu Tamang on Wednesday said ten persons were arrested in the vandalism case. He also said the police in its line of questioning are not ignoring the possibility that the same group might be behind the attack on 'The Arunachal Times' associate editor Tongam Rina on July 15.In his appeal to one and all, particularly the media fraternity, he urged them not to serve ultimatums to the police or act in any manner that may divert their energy from investigation to maintain law and order.\"Let the law take its own course to expose lawbreakers so that the civil society may be assured that no one is above the law. Our cooperation alone will facilitate early nailing down of the gunman who attacked Rina,\" Kaso said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15221321", "title": "Renovated zonal anthropological museum opens", "text": "NAGPUR: The renovated Anthropological Zonal Museum here at Seminary Hills was on Friday inaugurated by the secretary, ministry of culture, government of India, Sangita Gairola, with K K Mishra, Director, anthropological survey of India, Kolkata, presiding over the function.The museum is an attempt to show case human origin, evolution, adaptation and bio-cultural diversity with special reference to central region of India and its large number of ethnic group and their rich cultural heritage.The museum run by the ASI, government of India, has also put up a gallery depicting human evolution and variation through time and space.It has a collection of about 2300 specimens from tribes and other communities inhabiting Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Goa, related to activities like hunting and gathering, fishing, agricultural operations, household articles, dress and omaments, musical instruments, art, religion, folk painting, paleolithic tools, fossil casting and so on.Some are ethnographic specimens belonging to Central India's tribal groups are the specialty of this museum, a release said here Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15230593", "title": "South-west monsoon weak across most parts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in four districts; fairly widespread in five districts; scattered in four districts; and isolated in 14 districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday. South-west monsoon was weak in 16 districts; active in two districts; and normal in districts. Very heavy rain was recorded in two districts; heavy rain in four; rather heavy rain in one; moderate rain in 14; light rain in six; very light rain in three districts.Widespread, heavy rain to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada; fairly widespread, moderate rain to very heavy rain in Uttara Kannada, Chikkaballapura, Hassan, Yadgir, Chikmagalur; scattered, no rain to moderate rain in Gulbarga, Bangalore Urban, Mysore, Koppal; isolated, light rain to moderate rain in Bijapur, Bellary, Ramanagar, Davanagere, Chamarajanagar, Bangalore Rural, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Haveri, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur, Kolar.Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state. Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday is considered as scattered since 31% of hoblis and grampanchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to =2.5mm.Karnataka for the period June 1 to July 28 has recorded deficit rainfall of 37%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 446.9mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 280.4mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 28, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 5.8mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 8.8mm, a deficit of 34%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217240", "title": "Adulterated milk coming into state, admits minister", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Friday admitted that milk and milk products which are supplied from outside the state and sold here, are of questionable quality.Replying to a question by M Srinivas (JD-S) in the legislative council, health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali told the legislative council that tests had proved that milk and milk products were adulterated, misbranded and contaminated.\"Poor quality of milk has been sold in the state for about 10 years, but no action has been initiated,'' Srinivas alleged.Bangalore gets 7.35 lakh litres of milk -- 6.5 lakh litres packed and the rest loose -- from outside the state. \"Tests by our department have revealed that milk, milk-based products and bottled water are contaminated, unsafe, and of sub-standard quality,'' the minister said.He said his department had seized around 10,000 litres of milk supplied from Tamil Nadu in March and 5,000 litres in June. \"When we tested the milk, we found it to be adulterated and of poor quality,'' he added.He further said that of the 1,107 samples of milk-based products like ghee and butter, 116 were adulterated and 64 were misbranded.He alleged that for the past 8-10 years, poor quality milk from other states was being sold in Karnataka and the government had not paid heed.MC Nanaiah (JD-S) said that of the 41 lakh litres KMF produces, 31 lakh litres remain unsold. He suggested to the government convene a meeting to find a solution.Leader of the House V Somanna assured the council that a meeting would be convened and a decision taken within a week to stop the sale of milk from outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15222624", "title": "Mind and body have to gel", "text": "Five-time world chess champion Viswanathan Anand , who's also a director at Olympic Gold Quest, analyses what it takes to train a sportsperson at the highest level.I have often heard that chess is played only in the mind, and that the body has nothing to do with the game. Conversely, I have also heard that athletes only have to perform with the body, and their performance has nothing to do with the mind. But actually, in both cases, the mind and the body have to gel to get the desired result.I do a lot of physical training before a big chess match, and I am sure most athletes apply their mind during their battles as well. The only exception may be the sprint, where you don't have the time to think, so never mind.In the Olympics, like in chess, Russia or the former Soviet Union had a system to fall back upon. The champions from different generations used to interact with each other often, and each generation benefited from the previous one.That's what we are trying with the Olympic Gold Quest, as we give the top sportsmen the kind of training that would take them to world standards, not in a hurry but with systematic training.Having said that, I know how Indian hockey lost its momentum despite generations of champions. The breakdown may have happened because of some external factors. Though I am not an expert to comment on this, I guess technology was one of the factors that dealt a crucial blow, especially the artificial turf.Concentration is one factor that sportsmen surely need, especially in skill disciplines such as archery and shooting. Very often, the mind plays such important roles that you see some amazing stuff which may not be relevant to the situation; at times, you may be distracted in crucial situations.The important thing is to focus and the essence is important. In archery and shooting, the role of the mind is more because you let go one moment and the result could depend solely on that moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15215813", "title": "Youths tonsured for eve-teasing: Caste panchayat order", "text": "ALWAR: Two youths had their heads tonsured as a punishment for their involvement in an eve-teasing incident allegedly under the orders of a caste panchayat in Alwar's Bansur police station area on Friday evening. Police have launched an investigation into the incident and said cases will be registered against the panchayat members if the charges are proved.According to the police, the incident took place in Guta Shahpur village in Alwar. \"It has come up that two youths from nearby Bhutpuri village were accused of misbehaving with a girl. Both the youths were returning home from college passing through Guta Shahpur when they were taken hostage,\" a police officer said.He added that as per the allegations of the two youths who later approached the police, their heads were shaved and beaten up under orders of the caste panchayat.The police rounded up some men involved in shaving the youths' head. Interrogation with them was on till late Friday. \"People from both the village also gathered at the police station,\" the officer said.Alwar SP Umesh Dutta said an investigation has been launched into the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15215637", "title": "Gehlot ministery in excess: Parliament secretaries' gets court notices", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government appears to be in further trouble in the matter of ministry size which is in excess of the limit fixed by the Constitution. A single bench of Justice R S Rathore has now issued notices to all the 13 parliamentary secretaries who have been accorded the status of ministers.In April this year, the high court had issued notices to the state chief secretary and the principal secretary (cabinet) seeking an explanation from the Gehlot government for violating provisions of the Constitution.Advocate general G S Bapna presented the government reply before the court on Friday and argued that the parliamentary secretaries were separate from the ministers. At the same time, the advocate general admitted that the parliamentary secretaries were enjoying statuses of ministers of state (MoS).\"The MoS statuses have been given only to help them discharge their official duties smoothly,\" Bapna reasoned before the court.The petitioners' lawyer R D Rastogi, however, countered the government response. \"The law says that something that cannot be done directly, cannot be done indirectly,\" Rastogi claimed. He emphasised that as per the Constitution, the number of ministers cannot be in excess of 15% of the state assembly seats. An amendment in the Constitution in this regard was made in 2003.There can be at the most 30 ministers in Rajasthan, as the state assembly has 200 members. However, there are 27 ministers with portfolios and 13 parliamentary secretaries with MoS statuses without any portfolios.\"This is sheer misuse of power and wastage of the public money,\" argues the petition that has been moved before the high court by BJP legislators Kali Charan Sarraf, Rajpal Singh Shekhawat and Ashok Parnami.The petition was earlier heard on April 20 this year when the court issued notices to the state government but turned down the petitioners' request to seek replies from the parliamentary secretaries too.On Friday, the bench of justice Rathore issued notices to the parliamentary secretaries and granted them 10 days time to file their replies.The BJP legislators have argued through the petition that the Congress government was misusing power and public money by making political appointments beyond the permissible strength. \"The salary paid to a minister is drawn from the public exchequer,\" the petitioners' counsel Rastogi argued while seeking removal of the ministers in excess from the permissible strength of 30 in the state.The petitioners have further argued that as per the Constitution only a legislator could be made a minister and that too after being administered the oath of office by the Governor. The court was told that the 13 parliamentary secretaries were administered oath by the chief minister in violation of the law.The court was also told that since the post of a parliamentary secretary had been abolished from the assembly business rules in 2008, the 13 parliamentary secretaries appointed by the Gehlot-government were functioning illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221142", "title": "Tinchha Fall incident: Bodies fished out", "text": "INDORE: The bodies of two youths, who drowned in Tinchha Fall on Thursday evening, were fished out by divers here on Friday.The body of Saddam (22) was fished out in the morning by his family members while divers traced the body of Iqram (20) in the afternoon at around 1.30 pm. Six youths including Ritesh, Kuldeep, Arpit, Saddam, Sohail and Iqram went to Tinchha Fall on picnic on Thursday evening when the incident took place in which Iqram and Saddam went missing. The police had stopped the search operation late on Thursday evening due to darkness.Saddam's cousin Sawesh Khan said they fished out his body on Friday morning when they saw it floating on the water. Subsequently, the divers associated with the fire department and police personnel tried hard to search out the other missing body. They managed to fish out the body in the afternoon. Both the bodies were sent do the district hospital for post-mortem.Meanwhile, Saddam's family member cried foul over the incident and claimed that it is not a simple accident. Talking to TOI, Sawesh Khan said Saddam was carrying Rs 25,000 cash, a gold chain and two costly cell phones. All these valuables are missing. Sawesh doubt that few of his friends may have pushed them in the water for these valuables.Strangely, Saddam left his home at 11.30 am and he was supposed to visit a doctor. While leaving home, he asked for Rs 25,000 from his mother and later in the evening his family member received information that he has gone missing at Tinchha Fall, he said.However, police refused the possibility of any conspiracy and termed it a normal accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219547", "title": "Team Anna's plans push to attract crowd", "text": "NAGPUR: As people still hesitant to join Team Anna's protest this time, the the local organizers have begun making fresh efforts to attract crowds. More volunteers are being called upon for 'Jan-Jagran' initiative in which they will set out on city streets and persuade people to join protest.Either because of approaching weekend or chipping in of yoga guru in the protest, Friday witnessed a larger participation in Anna Hazare's agitation against corruption. As in the capital, Baba Ramdev proved to be a boon for local Team Anna and the crowd at RBI square was visibly more compared to the first couple of days. The India Against Corruption (IAC) coordinators want more people. \"In the Jan-Jagran initiative, a team of 10 members will cover different areas of the city to create awareness about Jan-Lokpal Bill and its importance,\" informed IAC city coordinator Ajay Sanghi.On the third day, the number of agitators sitting on indefinite hunger strike remained unchanged. A team of doctors from Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) visited the protestors for regular check-up. \"All nine protestors were fine but physical problems may trouble them in a day or two. There is a chance of decrease in their sugar level and blood pressure,\" informed GMCH's casualty in-charge Dr Dinanath Tarar.The early part of the day was spent watching live happenings of Jantar-Mantar and news updates. The atmosphere in the evening turned tense as people came up on stage to give speeches against corrupt practices. \"The present situation is far worse than we actually think it is. Corruption is prevailing in every walk of our lives. Even if we don't gel with our neighbours belonging to different castes, it is because of the social discriminations created by political leaders,\" said social activist Umesh Chaubey.IAC has also decided to organize a flag march at 6 pm everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15220270", "title": "63% deficient rainfall raises fear of drought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait and watch for declaration of a nationwide drought could mask the trouble already brewing in large parts of the country, with 63% of the geographical area registering a deficient rainfall or worse even as half the monsoon season is already over.Out of the 36 meteorological sub-divisions, 18 blocks covering 51% of the country's regions have suffered a rain deficit between 20% and 60%, while another four blocks covering 12% of the area have experienced a deficit of more than 60%.Haryana and Delhi have recorded a deficit of 70% so far, and Punjab 66%. Saurashtra and Kutch are one of the worst-hit areas at 77% shortfall in rainfall. The rest of Gujarat, too, is caught in a dry spell and rainfall is 55% below normal. While, Western Rajasthan has recorded a dip of 64%.Even if rains are recorded at normal levels in these four sub-divisions, the deficit is bound to be too high by end of the season, ensuring drought is inevitable.Though the Centre and states follow different criteria for declaring a drought, by any definition these patches now sit at the cusp of rain deficiency.Metrological records show that by the current central government definition, country-wide drought impacted India 22 times since 1901. But these records mask the fact that if one took a disaggregated view of the nation, drought has prevailed over regions at a much higher frequency. Northwest India faced drought 31 times during the same period, while central India suffered a failing monsoon 28 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15221308", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) calls to get back state delegation to Olympics", "text": "RANCHI: A delegation of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) met chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday and demanded that senior government officials who have gone to London Olympics be called back.The JMM delegation, led by party general secretary Supriyo Bhattacharya, told the chief minister that the state was passing through a very difficult phase and senior officials like the chief secretary and principal secretary to the chief minister should not have gone to London. The chief minister was also informed that JMM chief Shibu Soren , too, was against the visit of senior officials to Olympics. The delegation to London is led by deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato.\"At one hand, the threat of drought is looming large because of poor monsoon, while on the other the agitation against acquisition of land for educational institution at Nagri is taking ugly turn. Under these circumstances, such senior officials should not have gone to London. We requested the chief minister to ask the officials to immediately return and work to find the solution to such serious problems instead of staying in London and enjoying the game,\" Bhattacharya said after meeting the chief minister at his residence in the evening. Most parts of the state have received around 20% less rain than normal.The villagers at Nagri are regularly agitating against acquisition of 227 acres of land for construction of Indian Institute of Management, National University for Study and Research in Law and Indian Institute of Information Technology.Bhattacharya said Munda gave them a patient hearing. \"The chief minister agreed that the situation was very serious but he did not stop them because the programme was planned well in advance. The chief minister said he was keeping a close eye on developments and if needed the officials would be called back without any delay,\" Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15215020", "title": "Girl found dead in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: An eight-year-old girl was allegedly abducted and then killed in Surajpur. Her body was found in a semi-nude state. Cops suspect rape, but have not registered a case and are waiting for the post mortem report.The girl lived with her family in Dehra village. Her father runs a shop and the girl used to go to give lunch to her father every day.On Tuesday, when the girl was returning to her residence with her father, she could not cross the railway crossing due to an oncoming train even as her father did. When the train passed, the girl's father found her missing. On Friday, the police recovered the girl's body from a drain between Tilpta and Dadri villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15215276", "title": "Ghaziabad tops list of missing kids in district", "text": "NOIDA: According to police reports, the posh area of Indirapuram in Ghaziabad is the epicentre for cases of missing children in the district. In the period stretching from January, 2011 to July, 2012, 57 children have gone missing from the area, with 42 kids missing in 2011 and 15 in 2012 till now. Police sources admit that Indirapuram's proximity to both Noida and Delhi borders makes it an ideal spot for trafficking of children.The RTI filed by an NGO, Prerna Sewa Sansthan, has prompted the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to write to the state government and the district magistrate instructing them to prepare a report and submit it to the NHRC in four weeks. The district police replied to the RTI and said that in the period stretching from January 2011 to July 2012, 57 children have gone missing from the area. According to the RTI, 251 children went missing in the district out of which 115 remain untraced while 90 kids have gone missing in the past 6 months.Child rights activists say that the statistics revealed as per the RTI might just be the tip of the iceberg. \"In a number of instances, the case isn't registered by the police since they feel that the child might return on its own accord. According to the RTI response, a child goes missing every two days in the district, but the real number might be much more,\" said Acharya Tarun, who filed the RTI.Apart from Indirapuram, which already has 15 cases of missing children, Loni and Vijay Nagar also have an alarmingly high number of missing children cases in 2012 - Loni has 23 and Vijay Nagar has 16. This is a marked increase from 2011 where Loni and Vijay Nagar had 8 and 2 such cases, respectively, said the NGO as per the RTI report.As per police sources, this continuing trend of a large number of children going missing from the posh Indirapuram area in the district can be attributed to its location. \"It's near the borders of both Delhi and Noida. In cases where the children have been kidnapped for trafficking they can be easily smuggled across the borders,\" said a senior police officer. A number of these cases are from Khoda area.Meanwhile, the SHO of Indirapuram police station, denied the existence of any such cases. \"We don't have any such problems. We follow the procedures for any report with regard to missing children,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15219326", "title": "Firm assesses damage due to violence", "text": "GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki India Ltd . has started assessing the overall damage at the Manesar plant caused by the unrest on July 18.It has been 10 days since the violence occurred, but the culprits continue to be at large. According to the authorities, the plant will not start functioning any time soon. The company will decide on the issue, once they are sure of the safety of the employees.The mob violence at the plant on July 18 led to the death of a senior executive, Awanish Kumar Dev and left more than 100 people injured. The attackers also set fire to the office area and the main gate.Maruti had formed a special team on Thursday, to counsel injured staff. The spokesperson of MSIL said that the authorities of the company continue to attend to the injured and is trying to help them to recover psychologically as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15221969", "title": "Class IV staff in govt hospitals strike work", "text": "KANPUR: The routine functioning at the district hospitals remained disrupted on Friday as all class IV employees went on a strike. The reason for the agitation was delay in payment of wages.The wards and toilets of all the district hospitals remained unclean and gave the patients a tough time. Ursula Horsman Hospital, Dufferin Hospital, Manyawar Kashiram Hospital and Trauma Center, Kamlapat Memorial Hospital and others faced trouble. The class IV employees raised anti-authorities, anti-government slogans. The agitators said that they had not received payments from past five months. The workers alleged that the contractor takes some share of their wages. He threatens the employees who refuse to give him share.The authorities of UHM Hospital managed to please the workers by assuring them to release the payments shortly.The class IV workers at Kashiram Hospital gheraoed the main contractor, who is responsible to make payments to them in all the district hospitals. The workers alleged that the contractor is not giving them full payment.The chief medical superintendent of UHM Hospital said that he has nothing to do with the wages of class IV employees. The salaries are funded from NRHM money and cannot be used without the intimation of senior health authorities.The contractor of class IV employees Ram Singh said that the funds are not being released from past several months. He said that he was giving money to the workers from his own pocket, hence giving full payment to all of them was not possible.\"I am not asking for share from the workers. The salaries are not being released and to help the poor workers I was giving them some money every month from my own account. This money is of NRHM funds, hence it cannot be used without the permission of the senior officials,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217022", "title": "Victims\u2019 parents ready to return to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle informed the Versova police on Friday that they are in Muscat, Oman. The police are waiting for the couple to return to Mumbai to question them about the events of July 3-4.The police said their probe into the deaths of the siblings has come to a standstill and they have no option but to wait for statements of Farzana and Gayasuddin to proceed further in the case. Officers said they want to enquire about the circumstances and movement of each family member on the day of the incident along with other details.An officer admitted the case has become more mysterious after a stomach wash report found traces of aluminum phosphide in Rehab. The police have formed a team of experts to ascertain under what circumstances Rehab, and maybe Rameez, ingested the poison. The Chougles' questioning, cops hope, will help untangle the mystery.On Friday evening, Gayasuddin told TOI that his two-year Oman work visa was set to expire in the first week of August. \"That is the reason I was forced to rush back\u2014in order to process the formalities in time. I have spoken to the police and informed them that I am willing to come whenever they need me. I will come of my own accord even if they do not call me. I cannot say when I will return but it will be shortly,\" he said.Chougle said he did not realize the effect his sudden departure would have on his close-knit community in Versova, which has become uncomfortable since he left. \"I am aware that people feel we need to answer certain questions and we will. I made a mistake. I should have informed the police before leaving. But I am not absconding. Getting a plane ticket is not an overnight task. You have to book days in advance and then seats must be available. The authorities did not say they needed me around and the media had become quiet as well,\" he said.Medical experts, meanwhile, said that even if the police decide to exhume the bodies of Rehab and Rameez almost 25 days after the deaths, it will help them ascertain whether the siblings had inhaled or consumed the lethal aluminum phosphide or both. The soil surrounding the graves can also be examined for pesticide residue, experts said. It may be recalled that an autopsy was performed only on Rehab and here too, the viscera was not preserved, leading to confusion over the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219281", "title": "The price of commercial success: Bapuji Nagar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Once touted as one of the best-planned localities in Bhubaneswar, Bapuji Nagar has turned into a chaotic bazaar with choc-a-bloc traffic, overflowing sewers and cesspool like backyards.Conceived as a residential area when German architect Otto H Knigsberger planned the modern Odisha capital of Bhubaneswar, Bapuji Nagar slowly became one of the main commercial hubs of the city due to its proximity to the Biju Patnaik airport (2 km away) and the railway station (less than 2 km away).The residents of the area were quick to encash on the opportunity by turning Bapuji Nagar into one of the most sought after destination for electronic goods, furniture and household items. However, the short-sighted decision of its denizens brought an array of civic woes besides making the area traffic-unfriendly and accident-prone.\"The market attracts a huge crowd but there is no parking space. So people park right on the roads, creating problems for others. It is high time the government creates multi-level parking in the area. Otherwise, people will start avoiding the market because of the chaos and the traders will lose out,\" said Biswajit Mitra, a special police officer (SPO) of the locality.The traffic chaos in Bapuji Nagar's has also increased by the ongoing construction work at the Rajmahal Square flyover long past its 2011 deadline. Sources said it will take around two to three months more. Many commuters coming from Kalpana Square enter the service lane because of the flyover work, worsening the traffic flow. \"There should be better traffic management,\" he said.The sewer lines, built in the 1960s have become too old and outdated to take the current load. As a result, overflowing sewer is a common sight in some areas of Bapuji Nagar, Mitra added. The Bapuji Nagar market attracts a daily footfall of over 5,000 people. However, the area doesn't have community toilets. As a result, shoppers visiting the locality face inconvenience. \"In the absence of toilets, people urinating in the open are very common here, making the area stink. Steps should be taken to build a community toilet here,\" said A K Jena, a businessman of the area.Cleanliness has gone for a toss in the area. The locality houses around 40 hotels, lodges and restaurants. Large amount of waste generated by the establishments is conveniently dumped in the conservancy lanes, which are meant to remain open spaces behind the houses for emergencies. \"Conservancy lanes have become like cesspits. People should stop using these as dumping yards while the civic authorities should ensure that these are cleaned regularly,\" said Pyari Mohan Senapati, cultural secretary of Bapuji Nagar Nagarik Committee, a citizens' forum. The by-lanes are full of potholes, making it dangerous to commute. \"None of the 11 by-lanes have been repaired in past 15 years,\" Senapati said.City planners said the area has all the ingredients to remain city's prominent commercial hub in years to come, but it may lose out unless the amenities improve. \"In the changed circumstances, people are preferring malls to individual cluttered shops. To remain in the competition, steps should be taken for better crowd management and refurbishing of the market space in Bapuji Nagar,\" said Piyush Rout, an urban management consultant.Prominent among others, state finance minister Prafulla Ghadei and Assam governor J B Patnaik own properties in Bapuji Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15220888", "title": "Onion-laden truck rams tractor, one killed", "text": "HUBLI: A man was killed and two others were injured when a truck rammed a tractor on NH-4 in Shiggoan in Haveri district on Friday.Shiggoan police inspector said that the deceased is the truck driver, who hails from Maharashtra, but he has not yet been identified. The two injured are from Adavisomapur and they have been admitted to KIMS hospital in Hubli.The accident took place when the truck rammed the tractor from the rear. The tractor was going to Haveri from Adavisomapur, and the onion laden truck was heading to Bangalore from Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15220926", "title": "66 polling booths created in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A total of 66 new polling booths have been added to the existing 1,438 ones in the district. With this, the total number of polling booths has now gone up to 1,504.Sources said Palamu would have 1,504 polling booths for future Lok Sabha and assembly elections.Palamu has five assembly segments. The assembly constituencies are Panki , Daltonganj, Chhaterpur, Bishrampur and Hussainabad.Sources said the new 66 polling booths were created in the wake of overflowing of voters.The Election Commission of India has asked to set up additional booths where the number of voters is 1,200. Normally, a polling booth caters for a maximum of 700 to 1,000 voters but where the number of voters exceeds additional booth is to be set up there.Confirming the creation of 66 new polling booths in Palamu, DC Pooja Singhal said the new booths were for the convenience of the voters to cast their votes with ease and to decongest those booths.\"Panki assembly constituency has got 11 new booths, Daltonganj 23 new booths, Chhaterpur 12, Bishrampur 6 and Hussainabad got 14 new booths. Earlier Panki, had only 268 booths, Daltonganj 335, Chhaterpur had 244, Bishrampur 328 and Hussainabad 263 booths,\" said Singhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217212", "title": "Finance Bill passed after some hiccups", "text": "BANGALORE: After a marathon discussion over the past three days, the ruling BJP successfully got the Finance Bill (Budget) passed on Friday, but not before it set a bad precedent in the state legislature.In its desperate attempt to get the crucial Bill passed, the government failed to table the customary eight annual reports and performance reports of 13 key departments, inviting the wrath of the opposition Congress and JD(S). It was a bitter finale to the day-long animated debate on the money Bill, with chief minister Jagadish Shettar, also in charge of finance, making a passionate speech to ensure the Bill's passage.Earlier in the day, opposition leader Siddaramaiah wanted to know from the government how it could expect them to pass the Bill in the absence of performance reports. \"How can we debate and pass the Finance Bill without knowing the performance of the departments and the government? Let's take up the Bill only after the reports are tabled in the House. Otherwise we will be setting a bad precedent,\" he maintained.A hapless BJP immediately blamed the officials, saying the latter required more time to prepare the reports. \"Let us pass this Bill because people are waiting... We are determined to tackle drought and take up development work. We shall convey this message by passing the legislation unanimously,\" water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai defended the government's lapses.Siddaramaiah shot back: \"We are equally concerned about the people and development work but the government should not compromise on the rules and procedures of the House to accomplish something. There is a great threat as future governments will cite this particular instance to get the Bill passed without tabling reports. If officials have made a mistake, the government should initiate action without mercy, to uphold the values of democracy.''To substantiate their point, the Congress trooped into the well of the House with the JD(S) joining them. The House was adjourned for 10 minutes.When it reassembled, the government announced it had issued show cause notice to the department officials concerned, seeking their explanation for not preparing the reports in time.The passage of the budget is a huge relief for Shettar, as there was speculation that a section of the BJP planned to rebel against him on the floor of the House by vetoing the Bill, or abstaining from the House. The cross-voting by 14 of the 120 BJP MLAs in the recent Presidential poll, and rebel activities by groups supported by former CMs BS Yeddyurappa and DV Sadananda Gowda, have been sore points for Shettar. The only absentee in the BJP, which had issued a whip to its members, was G Somashekara Reddy who was preoccupied with organizing mass marriages in Bellary on the occasion of Varamahalakshmi.WHY IS THE FINANCE BILL CRUCIAL?Getting the lawmakers' nod for the Finance Bill is crucial for any government to function. In March, the previous government headed by DV Sadananda Gowda had taken a Vote on Account for four months ending July 30. Thus, getting the Bill approved by legislature by July-end was crucial to keep the wheels of government moving.In case of the Bill not passing muster, government employees would not get their salaries and there would be no funds for projects and programmes earmarked in the budget.Filed by Manu/Cleared by naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221204", "title": "Cholera sets off protest outside Ripon", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of several localities in the city, led by activists of the All India Women's Democratic Association and Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI), on Friday gathered on the lawns of Ripon Buildings, Chennai Corporation's headquarters, to protest against the indifference of civic agencies to the spate of diarrhoea and cholera cases in the city.Mayor Saidai Duraisamy had on Wednesday glibly told the corporation council that there was no death due to cholera in Chennai and newspaper reports on 29 deaths due to the disease this year were false. The corporation later clarified that staff had wrongly entered the cause of death as cholera in several cases.During Friday's protest DYFI members demanded that the corporation clear garbage and plug leaks in the sewage network. They also demanded that Metrowater provide clean drinking water.The protest continued for an hour but the corporation did not bother to send a senior official to speak to the agitated residents. Policemen intervened and stopped protesters when they tried to enter the offices of corporation officials.Corporation officials said they would hold a high level meeting to find a way to contain the disease and prevent the outbreak from triggering a law and order problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15224861", "title": "First Look: Sridevi and Mehdi Nebbou in English Vinglish", "text": "A few weeks ago, TOI told you about the French actor Mehdi Nebbou playing Sridevi's love interest in producer R Balki's Hinglish Vinglish, which is being billed as the actress' comeback film.In the film, Mehdi plays a Frenchman who becomes Sridevi's close friend and confidante even as the duo takes lessons in the English language as they struggle to come to terms with their respective new life in the US.TOI reports that Mehdi became a big fan of Sridevi after shooting with her. The French actor found Sridevi's reticence and quietude very charming and even taught her some French in exchange for a smattering of Tamil.Speaking about his experience while shooting the film, Balki told this newspaper, \"It was a really curious anomaly. On screen, Sridevi was playing a very talkative woman. But once the camera was off, she was very reserved, at least initially.\" Meanwhile, in the Tamil version of the film, Amitabh Bachchan will not have the three-minute cameo he does in the Hindi version. A lastminute decision has been taken to replace him with Tamil star Ajith. Reason being Balki didn't want the mega star's Tamil debut to be a three-minute appearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214894", "title": "Nagarjuna visits Nimmagadda again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Film star Nagarjuna met industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad at Central Prison, Chanchalguda, on Friday. Prasad is an undertrial in a CBI case pertaining to YS Jaganmohan Reddy's disproportionate assets.This is the second time in recent weeks that Nagarjuna has met Nimmagadda. On June 30, Nagarjuna met Nimmagadda and said that he had only come to meet his 'friend'.On Friday, Nagarjuna said since he had gone to Shirdi on Thursday, he had decided to come and meet Prasad once again.YSR CP leader YS Jaganmohan Reddy was also visited by his mother YS Vijayamma and wife YS Bharti in the morning in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217517", "title": "Make the country a safer place for women", "text": "BANGALORE: Women don't feel safe anymore. Women don't feel they can walk or talk freely in our societies. Women feel threatened to lead their lives on their own terms. Over the past few months, one has seen a number of incidents that humiliate and endanger women in private and public spaces.What's also deeply worrying is the increase of assault on women by law enforcement personnel who are supposed to protect citizens from violence. The inadequacy of laws against such violence, the prejudices prevalent in our social consciousness against women who are faced with such violence and the prolonged legal mechanisms to seek justice add to the already vile situation. Standing at this point, it often seems a useless task to go out and raise a voice. And yet, in a democracy, raising your voice is one of the few options left to express your anger and disgust in a peaceful manner.Here's how the government can make the country a safe place for women.1 The government should immediately organize public hearings to solicit suggestions that enable the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, 2010 to effectively tackle the spectrum of sexual violence against victims of any gender and marital relationship to the perpetrator. The cases can be graded non-bailable offences of sexual assault, aggravated sexual assault, and sexual offences, based on the concepts of harm, injury, humiliation and degradation.2 Rape cases should be investigated not by general police but by specially trained all-woman police units in each state consisting of a team that includes a psychiatrist trained in handling post-traumatic stress. Also, a rape crisis government helpline must be made available and widely publicized along with walk-in shelters for women dealing with domestic violence and domestic sexual abuse.3 All cases of custodial violence or violence perpetrated by the police or armed forces should be fast-tracked through the legal system to rapidly rid law enforcement of its criminal and misogynist personnel.4 A CBI investigation into rape as a weapon of war by the Indian armed forces should begin in order to assess the extent of the rape crisis perpetrated by Indian soldiers in areas of conflict such as the North-East, Kashmir, and the Maoist belt in central India.5 Relook our educational materials for children to ensure gender sensitive education for all.(The writer is deputy director, India Foundation for the Arts)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15220163", "title": "Naik tipped to be next South Goa zilla panchayat chief", "text": "MARGAO: As the necessary 10 days have passed since former South Goa ZP chairperson Maria Rebello submitted her resignation, it's now time for a new chairperson to be elected.From the 12 ZP members who signed a no-confidence motion against Rebello on July 2, Sancoale ZP member Aparna Naik appears to be the frontrunner for the post.The singular reason for moving the motion against Rebello is that \"the adhyaksha (chairperson) doesn't take members into confidence on major decisions and development work of the South Goa zilla panchayat\".Denying these allegations, Rebello also refuted speculations that she would re-apply for the post of chairperson and said, \"I will support any person from my group who supported me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15219866", "title": "Charitable hospitals to share income with Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Charitable hospitals in the city will now have to share a percentage of their annual income with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in proportion to the additional Floor Space Index (FSI) granted by the government. The PMC will utilize a share of the amount to pay the hospital bills of needy patients.The proposal was approved by the City Improvement Committee (CIC) on Friday.\"Already hospitals are using one FSI and an additional 0.5 FSI granted by the state and the PMC. Now, the state has announced to augment the FSI by one. This means that hospitals are authorized to use 2.5 FSI. The additional FSI is granted to hospitals for treating poor patients. But majority of the hospitals only use the FSI, they don't treat the poor. Hence, the PMC has come up with the new proposal,\" CIC chairman Chetan Tupe told TOI after the meeting.Hospitals which use 2.5 FSI will have to pay 30% of their annual income to the PMC, while hospitals using 2 and 0.5 FSI will have to pay 20% and 10% of their annual income respectively. Basically, the permission for this extra FSI has been given to hospitals so that they reserve 10% beds for Below Poverty Line (BPL) patients (whose annual income is Rs 50,000 and below).The public benefit scheme was framed by the Bombay high court and its implementation started in September 2006. Under the scheme, all charitable hospitals have to earmark and reserve 10% beds for indigent patients and 10% beds for economically weaker section; treatment for indigent patients is to be free. Two per cent of the gross billing of paying patients should be put aside to create Indigent Patient Fund (IPF) under the scheme.The city has 49 private charitable hospitals. They get additional FSI, concessions in water, power, customs, octroi duties and sales and income taxes.\"After receiving repeated complains against hospitals, the PMC has decided to ask them to pay a percentage of their income to the PMC. The PMC will directly pay bills for poor from this amount. So any poor patient can get him/her admitted to a charitable hospital and approach the PMC, which will pay for the patient,\" said Tupe.Recently, an inspection of 11 private hospitals in the city by the joint charity commissioner revealed they had been violating norms and not extending the desired level of services to the needy. A few hospitals were found to be hiding their status as charitable hospitals, while medical administrators of some hospitals even asserted they were totally unaware about the scheme. While one hospital followed almost all the norms of the scheme, five others fell in line after the inspection. In the action that followed against the rest, three hospitals were served show-cause notices, while two had to face criminal cases for not making sufficient arrangement for poor patients despite a charitable trust status and availing of government concessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219179", "title": "Around the world on Pure Chance", "text": "KOCHI: Scott Hufforde is visibly disappointed but then after a life's worth of braving fires and rough seas, he knows discretion is certainly the better part of valour.Having sailed all the way from California to Kochi in his yacht, he is now foregoing the return leg. All because of pirates.\"Sailing is my passion. But my country has advised me to keep away from certain areas due to the pirate threat. They told that they will not be able to protect me from pirates if I sail back to the US,\" 60-year-old Scott says.While Scott and his Thai wife take a plane back to the States, his yacht will be despatched home in a container ship. His $ 120,000 yacht is named 'Pure Chance' but Scott, who originally wanted to take the Atlantic route via Yemen and Red Sea on the way back home, is not willing to tempt fate.\"As per the advisory from my government, pirates have stopped attacking big ships due to the presence of armed guards on board the ships and have started to target small boats and yachts. I have been specifically asked to keep away from Red Sea and Gulf coast,\" Scott, a retired fire fighter from the US fire force, reveals.It will cost him $ 20,000 for shipping his yacht to the US. \"I have sought permission from the customs and they are processing my papers. The yacht has been loaded into a flat bottom and top-open container,\" he says.Once the papers are ready the container will be loaded onto a vessel bound for Sri Lanka from where it will be off-loaded and loaded again onto a mother vessel which will carry Scott's yacht to Georgia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15219860", "title": "Widening only after permissions: Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar", "text": "PANAJI: PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told the house on Friday that the government will start widening the NH 4-A from Panaji to Old Goa from November 2012, after all the clearances have been obtained.He also said that this stretch would be taken up as a pilot project and 40% cost would be borne by the central government and 60% by the state government.Dhavalikar also said that the cost of this project is 156 crore, including one flyover at the Merces junction. Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar questioned the minister as to what is the rehabilitation policy for people affected by the widening of NH 4-A. Dhavalikar replied saying that the government will construct and give good houses as part of the rehabilitation. \"We don't want to hurt people,\" said Dhavalikar.Dhavalikar also said that the intention of taking this pilot project is to show the public what is in the mind of the government, on the issue of widening national highways in the state.The PWD minister has also informed the house that he has not issued any NOCs to carry out construction work along the NH 17 and NH 4-A in view of the widening of these highways.\"Thirty-eight structures would be demolished on the stretch of NH 4-A from Banastarim to Old Goa,\" he said. The added that the government is conducting a survey from Banastarim to Old Goa. Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar said that once the plan is ready, it would be discussed with the people and only after taking them into confidence would the government go ahead with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220567", "title": "Police crack Pappu murder case, three arrested", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Friday arrested three youths in connection with the murder of Pappu Yadav alias Pankaj Yadav and his domestic help Babloo Murmu at Rajiv Nagar on July 9 night. Pappu was brother- in-law of former RJD MP Subhash Yadav.The motive behind the killing was loot of cash from Pappu's house as one of the assailants knew that Pappu kept huge cash at his home. Senior SP Amrit Raj said after the killing, a special police team, led by City SP, was constituted.The SSP said the police team prepared a list of Pappu's friends and acquaintances and the name of Sonu Kumar alias Akash Yadav, a resident of Danapur, figured in the list. \"We interrogated all the suspects and found Sonu's version contradictory,\" he said, adding Sonu later admitted his involvement in Pappu's murder. Sonu disclosed the names of his associates - Guddu alias Akash, Raushan and Prince - who assisted him in the killing.The SSP said Sonu had driven Pappu's vehicle twice earlier when the latter had visited his native village Meerganj in Gopalganj district. He said Sonu got closer to Pappu as his cousin Kunal is a salesman at Pappu's liquor shop located near the IGIMS which he frequented regularly.The SSP said that on July 9 night, all the four youths reached Pappu's house and had tea with him. \"Sonu then asked Pappu to take them for a long drive,\" he said and added that Pappu was sitting on the front seat while Sonu was driving the four-wheeler. Sonu took the car on Digha-Aashiana road and raised the music player's volume. One of them then fired on Pappu's temple, killing him on the spot. The assailants then drove the vehicle to Nirala Nagar in Digha and dumped his body there, after taking away his gold chain. The chain was later recovered from the house of Raushan's sister.Guddu, who works at a shop at Hari Om Apartment near Dakbunglow Crossing, became nervous after the incident and got down from the vehicle to go to his house at Danapur. The remaining assailants then reached Pappu's house, increased the TV set's volume there and shot dead Pappu's domestic help Babloo Murmu. They killed Murmu to ensure he did not spill the beans, the SSP added.The SSP said the assailants opened Pappu's room and took away Rs6 lakh cash from there. They then drove to Rupuspur where they threw his cellphone. They abandoned his car at Khagaul.\"The assailants had tried to mislead the police by putting a letter, having the name of one Dinesh Gope, in Pappu's car,\" the SSP said, adding the police team later recovered Rs3,01,000 from Sonu's possession.The SSP said one of the assailants, Raushan was sent to Danapur jail in connection with an extortion case lodged after Pappu's murder. Raushan admitted before the police that he had fired at Pappu.The SSP said raids are on to arrest Prince.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15220801", "title": "Militants could emerge stronger in Bodoland Territorial Areas District post riots", "text": "KOLKATA: From the communal flare-up in Kokrajhar, militant groups in the Bodoland Territorial Areas District area may draw a fresh justification for existence, it is feared.Gunshot injuries from automatic weapons among victims of Kokrajhar riots point to the presence of militant groups in the violence, say sources. If groups like National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) were not involved as an organization, their individual members could be involved.According to sources, two factions of NDFB still retain a lot of arms, despite the ceasefire. Although the Bodoland Liberation Tiger Force is now running the BTC, it is believed that their cadres have not surrendered all their arms either.Sources find it a mystery why Dispur failed to react when there were early signs of a flare-up, in the shape of sporadic killings of Bodos and immigrant minorities. There have been agitations and bandhs against the separate statehood demand and the inclusion of non-Bodo areas in BTC.Sources see the presence of an \"invisible hand\", using the grievances of non-Bodo communities, to scuttle the fresh demand for a separate Bodoland state, raised by organizations like All Bodo Students' Union. While there are various communities living in BTAD area, tussle over land between Bodos and immigrant minorities is a source of tension that can be easily ignited.The riots in Kokrajhar may be a loss of face for those running the BTC as it was for them to give protection to different communities living in the BTAD area, say sources. In the world of BTAD, politics ruled by guns and underground groups, rival NDFB could emerge stronger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220440", "title": "Ford Foundation alumni return to roots", "text": "PATNA: The wind of change in the state has induced several eminent persons to return to their roots in recent times. Now, it is the turn of Ford Foundation International Fellowship Programme, Bihar chapter, alumni as they have decided to contribute to the changing positive climate in the state.In a meeting held here on Friday, 15 alumni of the Bihar chapter of one of the most influential foundations of the world decided to come back and serve the state. These alumni have done fellowship in various US and UK universities.Talking to TOI, Ford Foundation International Fellowship Programme director Vivek Mansukhani, who had come here from Delhi to attend the meet, said out of 25 Bihar alumni, 15 have decided to pursue their work in the field of social justice and empowerment in their home state. While many of them are associated with various NGOs, others work with development media or as consultant to the government for social welfare programmes.\"The alumni while pursuing their degrees in the universities of the US and the UK had a lot of international exposure. Now they are individually working in fields like education, health, media and other development sectors,\" Mansukhani said.One of the alumna, Neena Sharma, who did MS in public health (international) from University of Leeds, UK, and is now working as nutritional expert with Swasth, an organization which has been working in coordination with the state social welfare department, said: \"I had the opportunity to work outside the state, but I wanted to use all my experience for the welfare of people of my state among whom I have been working since long.\" Neena added she would try her best to convince people, particularly those who face problems, like she faced, in pursuing higher studies.The meet was also attended by state rural development minister Nitish Mishra, Asian Development Research Institute member secretary Saibal Gupta, Magadh Mahila College sociology teacher Renu Ranjan and Internal Programme Initiatives director Anindo Banerjee of an NGO, Praxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15217829", "title": "High Court unhappy over poor maintenance of its lawns", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has expressed displeasure over poor maintenance of its lawns and open spaces in the court premises as well as apathy of the state officials in solving the problems of judges of the lower courts.Looking to the strict view of the court, principal secretary (law) ZU Khan, principal secretary (finance) Anand Mishra and director (horticulture) ON Singh assured the court that they would draw a comprehensive scheme and file affidavits within a week. The court also directed principal secretary (PWD) to file an affidavit, requiring him to forthwith attend the seepage problem in the premises of Oudh Bar Association. tThe order came from a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice SUZ Siddiqui on a PIL. The petitioner's counsel BK Singh had drawn court's attention on poor upkeep of lawns and open spaces of the premises and need of groundwater recharging in the premises.In course of hearing, the bench came across different problems of lower judiciary. The principal secretary (law) assured the court to personally look into the matter within a fortnight. TA bills of subordinate judges have been pending for a long time. Despite state government sanction on March 28, 2012, the government officials are not providing official vehicles to chief judicial magistrates. Insufficient budget towards office expenses, allowances, stationary, furniture, telephone charges, minor constructions and maintenance of computers etc is causing difficulty in smooth function of courts.The government has also not paid arrears under the Shetty Commission. The bench posted the matter on August 22 and directed the aforesaid principal secretaries to appear in the court, if the order was not complied with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15222132", "title": "Surat angadias install CCTV cameras after police action", "text": "SURAT: Eight angadia firms within 24 hours of police action have now installed closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras in their offices in Varachha area of the city. These offices are located at Ratnasagar Apartments on the main road.City police commissioner Rakesh Asthana had been issuing notifications repeatedly for last one year, asking all the angadia firms to install CCTV cameras within and outside their offices for the purpose of security. However, not many angadia firm owners had taken it seriously.Police inspector, Varachha, R S Patel told TOI, \"We had detained eight angadia firm owners for not complying with the notification and chargesheeted them under IPC Section 188. They gave us assurance that they will immediately install CCTV cameras. Some have done it, while others are in the process of doing it.\"A senior police officer said, \"The idea is to keep the place secure and in the event of incidents of robbery etc to identify and nab the culprits. This is for their safety, but some people did not take it seriously and so we had to act.\"Those detained were Pankaj Patel of Vijay Krishna Angadia, Jitendra Ramaram of Sama Ramdas Angadia, Raghu Rabari of Vasant Amba Angadia, Bhavesh Patel of K Ratanlal Angadia, Dinesh Patel of Patel Nanubhai Angadia, Yogesh Patel of Patel Babu Kantilal Angadia, Jayantilal Patel of P Umesh Shah Angadia and Amrut Patel of Hashmukh Patel Angadia.Another police official said, \"We will take action against all those who fail to comply with the notification.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15215107", "title": "Smart driving licences delayed, will take off in November now", "text": "NOIDA: The bid to simplify the process of getting a driving licence and eliminating middlemen by the Uttar Pradesh government has hit a new roadblock. The state transport minister, Man Pal Singh Verma on a visit to Noida said that now the smart card-based driving license project will be implemented only by November. Last month, the Uttar Pradesh Regional Transport Office had announced that the project would be launched on August 15.Verma said that the reason for the delay of the smart card project in Gautam Budh Nagar is the dismal state of the transport department in Noida. \"Though the development authorities of Noida and Greater Noida have approved setting up of additional infrastructure facilities and extension counters required for issuing the smart card licences, it will take at least another 3-4 months for completion,\" Verma said.During the meeting, RTO officials explained that the project will be launched in a staged manner. \"There will be five stages for starting operations and Gautam Budh Nagar will fall in the second stage. In the first stage, smart card licences will be made in Ghaziabad, Agra, Meerut and Kanpur,\" said VK Singh, RTO. \"The first stage of the project will kick-off on September 21,\" Singh added.When asked about the cost of the smart card licences, the minister said that the amount was being debated and decision-making was in process. \"\"The new tamper-proof licences will be a plastic card embedded with a microprocessor chip with a memory. The chip will have all details about the licence-holder stored on it, which will then be maintained in a computerized database,\" Verma said.\"The new driving licence will have a computerised photograph, biometric thumb impression, signature of the applicant and other data so it would be impossible to issue a licence to a person without the individual being present,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218918", "title": "iPad in court irks judge hearing 2G scam case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court hearing the 2G spectrum allocation scam case on Friday expressed displeasure over use of an iPad to record the proceedings on Thursday and warned against such practice in future. After the day's proceedings were over with the recording of testimony of a prosecution witness, special CBI judge O P Saini drew the attention of lawyers to an iPad inside the courtroom in live recording mode.The counsel appearing for Essar Teleholdings Limited, an accused firm in the case, submitted that the device belonged to an employee of the company and it was left inadvertently in the court. \"The act is totally indefensible,\" he added. While the judge did not take any action after the counsel \"profusely apologized\", he, however, said, \"It is apparent that court proceedings were being recorded secretly and surreptitiously in an unauthorized manner. \"The court let off the employee with a warning that such incidents should not be repeated in future.\"The iPad be returned to the concerned person after deleting the recording there from. The accused persons are directed to ensure that such acts are not repeated by their employees, agents or associates in future,\" the judge said.Meanwhile, the CBI opposed the plea of Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, accused in the 2G case, for permission to go to Thailand saying his \"frequent visits\" may hamper the trial. CBI prosecutor A K Singh told judge Saini that Chandra, who had moved the court for permission to go to Thailand from August 2 to 8 for business work, was allowed to go abroad in the last two months and his visits may affect the trial.\"Chandra was allowed to visit abroad in June and July. Considering the fact that a serious trial is going on, such frequent visits may hamper the trial,\" Singh told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217089", "title": "Govt agrees to share toll collection details at posts", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has bowed down to a demand for transparency in its toll collection and has decided to flash electronic indicators or boards at toll posts in Mumbai and state showing the everyday status of toll collection.The banners will flash total cost and details of the project against which the toll is being collected, the total collection made so far, remaining collection target to meet project cost, deadlines of contract and the toll collection, name of the contractor, toll-hike chart, daily vehicle count and daily collection amount.\"We have decided to instal boards at all toll posts to explain to toll payers as to why it is being collected and till what date. This will bring transparency in the business and there will be no doubts among those who pay toll,\" said a senior MSRDC official. The move has come as an indication of the state digitalizing of the whole process of collection and vehicle count to avoid alleged discrepancies.According to activists, every day over 5 lakh vehicles cross the five toll posts in Vashi, Mulund, Airoli, LBS, and Dahisar paying over Rs 1.38 crore toll to the state. They alleged that the vehicle count and toll collection was being showed deliberately less to ensure maximum collection period in future and thus benefit the vested interests.However, the MSRDC sources and its contractors said only around 2.5 to 3 lakh vehicles actually move across the toll posts collecting around Rs 75 lakh per day. In fact, whatever toll collection procedure is being followed is as per the court orders. In Mumbai, the collection is being done against the Rs 2,100 crore contract awarded to Mumbai Entry Point Toll (MEPL) for maintenance of 27 flyovers and five subways and modernization of all the toll posts. The contract is ending in year 2026.\"There are 60% of vehicles which pay toll through concessional daily passes, monthly pass scheme, smart cards and coupons. Also, there are many exempted government vehicles. All these vehicles make frequent journeys and thus cannot be accounted as daily toll payers. Only 40% vehicles pay toll daily,\" said a source.Meanwhile, sources said it is not possible to keep the exact count of journeys made by vehicles with various passes and coupons and hence the issues. However, experts said if entire toll collection procedure is digitalized, it is possible to keep account of every rupee and vehicle but doubted the intentions of the politicians and administrators who are reluctant to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15226703", "title": "When Ilaiyaraaja was inspired by S D Burman", "text": "The famed track Inji Iduppazhaka... from Devar Magan is still a top favourite of Ilaiyaraaja fans. A little known secret is that the Hindi song Yeh Dil Deewana Hai... from the film Ishq Par Zor Nahin composed by S D Burman is the inspiration the song", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15221086", "title": "State health dept working hard to implement ban on gutka sale", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department is taking all possible steps to implement the ban on gutka sale after the July 24 notification. At district level the additional chief medical officers (ACMO) and food department have been authorized to keep a check on the sale of gutka.After the ban, gutka is being sold illegally in the city which became evident when a consignment was seized at the railway station on Friday. \"We have found more than 130 bags of gutka which came from Anand Vihar in Delhi for distributing to local vendors at platform no 1,\" said N L Ram, sub inspector, GRP. On grounds of anonymity, a wholesaler admitted they still possess gutka stock and plans sell them off soon.\"Gutka was the maximum revenue generator and the ban will certainly have a bad impact on our business. We have gutka worth Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 in stock. We have decided to sell it by keeping the price 5% above the regular price.\" He also said \"In five to fifteen days we will try to sell off our stock to regular customers.\"On the other hand, state health department is trying their best to implement the ban. \"After the notification was issued we appointed ACMO and food department in all the districts to keep a check on the sale. If the notification has been issued then it is obvious the guidelines will be followed to stop the sale, but we need sometime to implement it in a proper manner. In Dhanbad, raids have taken place to stop the sale,\" said P Chandra, director in chief, health services.Ranchi ACMO M M Sengupta said \"Today I have issued a letter to all food safety officers in the district to keep a check on the sale of gutka. The notification came to us without prior notice so things at ground level will take some time to happen. Apart from this I have also planned to have a meeting with the chamber of commerce and traders on the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15217792", "title": "Local court turns down bail plea of three accused who beheaded Maya's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Friday termed the act of 'beheading' the statue of former chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati as sedition, an act of promoting enmity and disturbing the harmony of the society.The court turned down the bail plea of the three accused Alok Srivastava, Arpit Alok Srivastava and Vishal Mishra and sent them to jail under judicial custody till August 9.Chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay, at the time of hearing on remand, said that the act of the accused also amounted to an offence under 124-A of the IPC.The police has booked these accused under sections 153-A, 295-A, 34 &amp; 120-B of the IPC and section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984.The judge wrote in his order that the act of the accused had disturbed the law and order not only in Lucknow, but in the entire state. People resorted to dharna and agitation, which affected public life.The way in which the statue was vandalised, it can disintegrate the society. \"If the society is disintegrated, it may cause disintegration of the country,\" observed Upadhyay.If strict action is not initiated against such erring persons, other statues may also be vandalised in future, said the court.The vandalism of statues may cause anarchy, hatred and disharmony, added the court.The three accused were arrested in pursuance to the FIR registered on July 26 with Gomtinagar police station. A constable has lodged the report against unnamed persons, but later names of five accused came into light.The three accused who were produced in the court in heavy security pleaded that they had not vandalised the statue of Mayawati and it was others, who did the act, and therefore the above offences are not attracted towards them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218839", "title": "Warehouses may be auctioned", "text": "KOLKATA: After years of fruitless deliberations on how best to restore and put them to use, the century-old warehouses on Strand Road may go under the hammer. According to sources in Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) - which owns the properties - the warehouses are on the list that has been sent to the ministry of shipping for clearance. KoPT wants to dispose of some of its property to create a corpus that it will use to meet its pension liabilities. Apart from land on Strand Road, some plots on Diamond Harbour Road have also been identified.The warehouses on Strand Road, which were originally used by the British to store goods that moved up or down the Hooghly, are now in a dilapidated condition. One of them was gutted in a fire a few years ago and had to be demolished for the safety of people in the neighbourhood.A few years ago, experts from London suggested that the warehouses be restored, on the lines of similar buildings on the banks of the Thames. Some effort was made thereafter to rope in private partners to participate in the project. But the plan didn't take shape. The plans didn't take any concrete shape though.\"KoPT couldn't restore and develop the warehouses by themselves but were interested in handing them over to interested parties. However, there were several problems. Most of the warehouses are now occupied by people who don't have any legal rights on the property. Many of them have gone to court and obtained injunctions, preventing anybody from evicting them from the premises. We also didn't receive adequate support from the state authorities at that time,\" a source revealed.Manish Jain, chairman in-charge, KoPT, refused to provide details about his plans but only said that clearance has been sought from the ministry. \"It would be premature to reveal any details about the land that we have identified. However, some land has been identified on Strand Road and Diamond Harbour Road. We want to auction them off to meet our financial requirements. We have a large number of pensioners. The 8,000-odd employees that we have at Kolkata and Haldia will also retire and become eligible for pension.We want to create a corpus of about Rs 2,800 crore that will take care of their needs. Once we can achieve this, we will be able to pay more attention to our core area of activity. However, we will have to get clearance from the ministry of shipping before all this,\" Jain said.The source said that the port will not have any say in what the buyer wants to do with the 100-acre property (at both locations) that it wants to put up for sale. Any agency interested in restoring the warehouses and developing them into commercially viable buildings may also participate in the auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218967", "title": "Big jump in soyabean area in Amravati division", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid reports of drought-like situation prevailing in 102 of the 355 talukas in Maharashtra with even sowing not taken up for kharif crops, Vidarbha region is faring better. Good rains in last one week have brought cheer to farmers. In Amravati division, of the 32 lakh hectares of cultivable land sowing was completed in 98% of the area. In Nagpur division, it has just crossed 70% mark, official sources said on Friday.Surprisingly, soyabean cultivation has taken a big jump in western Vidarbha's districts of Yavatmal, Akola, Amravati, Washim and Buldhana - from last year's 7.93 lakh hectares to 12.9 lakh hectares this year. However, according to farm activists, shrinking area of food crops like jowar and bajra and also pulses like moong and urad is a cause of concern.Amravati divisional joint director of agriculture Ashok Lokhande confirmed that soya crop area had gone up substantially this season. \"This could be mainly because of the delayed rains. Soya crop is shorter duration of around 100 days. While cotton takes over 150 days for harvest. Early returns and high price of around Rs4000 a quintal that soya now commands could have gone in its favour for farmers who normally keep shuffling between the region's two main crops.\"Overall kharif situation is very good in Amravati division which has received its average rainfall in June as well as July,\" said Lokhande. In fact, heavy rains early this year, according to preliminary reports, caused damage to crop in 19,000 hectares and eroded soil in 20,746 hectares,\" said the senior officer. He also noted that while area under tur dal was constant at 3.80 lakh hectares, that under urad and moong had shrunk. More remarkable was shrinkage in jowar area from 4 lakh to 2 lakh hectares this time and that of bajra from 9700 hectares to a mere 2500.\"This mass shifting to soya driven by commodity exchange could cause problems later as the commodity price is sure to drop to around Rs2000 at harvest time three months from now,\" said Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti who had been advocating food crops instead of cash ones. Pulses like moong and urad help boost soil fertility while jowar, bajra provide food security to farmers. But ignoring all this, cash crops are still preferred,\" Tiwari lamented.In Nagpur division, of the 18 lakh hectares total cultivable land, sowing has been completed on 12.25 lakh hectares. Here, there is an increase in cotton area, up from expected 2.11 lakh hectares to 4.3 lakh hectares. Soya has been sowed on 5.10 lakh hectares compared to 6.28 lakh hectares last year. Tur has been sowed in 1.52 lakh, slight increase from last time. More rains are needed for paddy transplantation, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15221220", "title": "Dad can't pay Rs 200, baby gasps to death in hospital", "text": "JALANDHAR: A newborn girl died at a government hospital in Jalandhar after she was allegedly taken off the life support system as her parents couldn't pay Rs 200.The girl was born on July 20. Being a premature child and diagnosed with jaundice, the baby needed the life support system.The baby's father, Sanjiv Kumar, alleged that the hospital authorities had asked him to pay Rs 200 as charges for keeping the baby in phototherapy unit but he couldn't arrange the money.While the hospital claimed asphyxia the reason behind the infant's death, the Punjab government ordered an inquiry on Thursday.The newborn's mother Anita, 30, who delivered the baby on the afternoon of July 22, alleged that her child was not given proper treatment as the staff was insisting that first Rs 200 be deposited for using phototherapy unit.She said that the baby was not given treatment and proper attention was also not paid despite her pleas.Anita alleged that the baby died on Wednesday night after she was taken out of phototherapy unit and the hospital staff left it unheeded. \"They literally threw her out,\" she added.\"I walked for around 5km from the hospital to reach my mother's residence in Santokhpura locality of Jalandhar past midnight as the staff insisted that they leave the hospital immediately without any delay,\" said Anita.Meanwhile, Jalandhar ADC Parneet Bharadwaj and IAS officer Dr Sumit, who started their inquiry into the death, said that initial probe has revealed callousness on the part of the hospital staff.\"It has come to light that the hospital staff called the security guards and police to push the family out when they tried to raise the issue of negligence on Wednesday night after the baby's death,\" said Bharadwaj.The officers also said that prima facie there appeared to be some tampering with hospital records on the cause of death.Inquiries from hospital staff revealed that as the baby had jaundice, she was being kept under phototherapy unit and in a warmer also for a few hours in the day.The hospital staff admitted that they had asked the parents to deposit Rs 200 as daily fee for phototherapy unit.However, the staff denied the allegation that they did not keep her under the machine or she was not treated properly.Such incidents keep happening: CMWhen asked about the death of the baby in Jalandhar hospital, an unfazed Punjab CM Prakash Singh Badal said, \"Such incidents do keep happening.\"\"Whatever action has to be taken will be taken but it is for the doctors and administrators to ensure that such neglect is not allowed,\" said Badal, who was in Shimla on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218171", "title": "Finally, Kolkata Municipal Corporation admits arsenic threat", "text": "KOLKATA: The civic body has finally admitted what a city-based scientist had warned of several times in the past - arsenic has indeed spread in the water tables underneath areas like Prince Anwar Shah Road, Golam Mohammed Shah Road and Jadavpur.State water investigation agencies have found high traces of arsenic in water samples collected by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) from these areas. Even the KMC laboratory in its report has confirmed the findings though mayor Sovan Chatterjee had ruled out warnings from Dipankar Chakraborti, the director (research) of the School of Environmental Studies, Jadavpur University.Common to all these reports is the alarming traces of arsenic found in the water in use at Ashalata Apartment - 58/7 Bikramgarh, close to Jadavpur Telephone Exchange. Chakraborti had pressed the panic button with special reference to the alarming water quality of this apartment, a year ago. Residents, however, were left to drink the contaminated water for a year because the KMC didn't bother to take the alarm seriously. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee has always been dismissive about Chakraborti though Tarak Singh, the MMiC overseeing groundwater, took the initiative to at least get the water samples examined by state agencies.Worse, most housing apartments in these localities don't have access to corporation water and depend on deep tube-wells that have been supplying the poisonous groundwater underneath. Yet, KMC officials didn't bother to pay a visit to these localities and arrange for water tankers as an alternative source of supply. \"We had heard about it earlier. But what do we do? We have no other source of drinking water,\" said senior resident of Ashalata Apartment Anjali Mukherjee.The delay is criminal because the KMC has been dragging its feet for long. First, the mayor ignored the warning and when it was corroborated by reports from the State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID), the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) and the KMC in separate reports submitted two days ago, the mayor did precious little to address the problem. In fact, Chatterjee was clueless on how to do so. He mumbled and then parroted the routine - seal some of the local tube-wells - that the civic body does on a regular basis, only to install them in the same area during the summer months when there is water scarcity. The KMC took this step to buy peace when state power minister and MLA from Jadavpur Manish Gupta complained of water crisis in large stretches of Jadavpur.The KMC seems entangled in a flawed cycle that begins with water scarcity followed by installation of deep tube-wells as surface water doesn't reach most of these places, finally leading to depleting groundwater, thus increasing the arsenic concentration.More alarming is the report from state investigation agencies that bear out that the KMC tube-wells are not as \"deep\" as they claim. The SWID report puts the depth of these tube-wells at 85 metres or 255 feet below the surface when the JU scientist says that any tube-well sourcing groundwater from depths within 400 feet is likely to have traces of arsenic. The KMC, however, claims that these tube-wells are 700-foot deep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15220792", "title": "More prank calls to Dial 100 after Assam girl molestation", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police's ambitious project 'Dial 100' introduced to extend help to public in distress is currently suffering as most calls made to the number are prank calls. The prank calls asking police help increased after the GS Road molestation as police urged the public to dial 100 for prompt action after the incident.The project was first introduced as part of the modernization drive of state police in 2009, but was formally launched in March this year by chief minister Tarun Gogoi.As per data available, the Dial 100 control room receives around 1,200 calls everyday, out of which maximum calls are prank calls. \"More than 90 percent calls are false alarms. It's sad that the people are misusing the facility. Most of the false calls are received either late at night or early in the morning. Only 15 to 20 calls per day are genuine. The project, which aimed to help the public, is suffering due to the public,\" said an official.\"We have asked people to call our control room immediately after they encounter any security issues or other emergencies. People inquisitive about the effectiveness of our service make these calls and our team rushes to the site only to realize that it was a hoax,\" the official added.A source said, \"In the last fortnight, we received nearly 6,200 calls, of which only 80 to 90 calls were genuine.\" Earlier in April, the total number of calls received were 42,352, of which, 40,963 were false alarms and 103 were genuine cases.The control room is headed by an Additional SP, has one supervisor and 40 employees to receive calls in four shifts on a 24-hour basis, mainly in cases like theft, accidents, fire, car thefts and others.\"The control room can take 30 calls at one go and is connected to 22 patrolling vehicles, which act according to our instructions. Despite being a highly commendable emergency service, people's support is a must,\" said an operator of Dial 100 control room.The initiative was taken by the Union home ministry to provide emergency service to people of the city, where the rate of accidents and crimes have registered a steep rise. The state police are planning to extend the service to other towns like Silchar, Hailakandi, Karimganj in Barak valley and Golaghat, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Tinsukia in upper Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214857", "title": "Hyderabad gets new collector", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Friday appointed 1999 batch IAS officer Syed Ali Murtaza Rizvi as Hyderabad collector in place of Natarajan Gulzar, who is about to go on a study leave abroad. Rizvi was the collector of Krishna district and in his place, the state brought in 2002 batch officer Jyoti Buddha Prakash, who was till now Kurnool joint collector.Nizamabad collector D Vara Prasad was transferred and posted as VC and MD of AP State Civil Supplies Corporation. IAS officer of 2001 batch Christina Z Chongthu, who was awaiting a posting, was named the new Nizamabad collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219354", "title": "Three get lifer for ex-cop's son's murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A fast track court here on Friday awarded life imprisonment to three men for killing a retired police officer's son in Bhubaneswar in 2008.Judge Saronjini Mohapatra held Manas Ranjan Mohanty, Yudhistir Parida and Muna Khan, all residents of Bhubaneswar, guilty of robbing and hacking Rajesh Mohanty to death near Janla in Jatni police station area on November 29, 2008 and sentenced them to life imprisonment. Each of the convicts has been slapped with Rs 3,000 fine. Rajesh, son of retired additional SP Rasananda Mohanty, was working as a collection agent with a steel company, sources said.\"The accused, two of whom were acquaintances of Rajesh, had hatched the conspiracy while serving jail term in Puri. Since Rajesh used to return on bike with heavy cash after the collection, the accused planned to rob him on the fateful day,\" said associate public prosecutor Pradipta Kumar Mishra.Rajesh was carrying around Rs 4 lakh cash from Nayagarh when the accused intercepted him in a lonely place in evening. They attacked him with sharp weapons and fled with the cash. Rajesh had succumbed to injuries on his way to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219978", "title": "\u2018Claim for mining lease not fundamental right\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has ruled that no private company can claim a right for mining leases and upheld the 2005 decision of the Jharkhand government and the Centre cancelling nine such leases.Among those whose mining leases were cancelled included Monnet Ispat and Energy Ltd, which had signed an MoU with the state government in 2003 to set up an integrated steel plant in Hazaribagh district with a proposed investment of Rs 1,400 crore.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale said, \"In view of the fact that the area is reserved for exploitation of mineral in public sector, it cannot be said that the discretion exercised by the state government suffers from any legal flaw. The area is not available for grant of mining lease in the private sector.\" It added, \"If the state government makes reservation in public interest with respect to minerals which vest in it for exploitation in public sector, we fail to see how such reservation can be seen as impairing the obligation cast upon the central government... No person has any fundamental right to claim that he should be granted mining lease or prospecting licence or be permitted reconnaissance operation in any land belonging to the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218973", "title": "3,221 sanitary workers for 217 sq km in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: If you spot garbage on the road, don't blame the sanitary workers. For the 217 sq km city, the civic body has only 3,221 sanitary workers, while its rules provide for appointment of 3,890 workers. As a result, insufficient sanitary workers are deployed in the city's commercial areas like Gandhibagh, Mahal, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Jaripatka, Sadar etc, resulting in lack of maintenance in these areas, allege corporators.\"With the onset of monsoon, the heaps of garbage in many areas pose a great danger of monsoon-related diseases, such as malaria , dengue, chikungunya , cholera and viral fever. It is surprising that in spite of repeated complaints, civic authorities remain callous and do not bother to clear this garbage and provide a clean environment to residents,\" said Congress corporator Abha Pande.She pointed out that though Gandhibagh zone comprises of many commercial markets like Itwari, Mahal, wholesale grain merchants etc, the zone has 190 vacant posts of sanitary workers. She also alleged that Kanak Resources - entrusted to lift garbage - is also irregular in Itwari area. \"One can spot heaps of garbage piled up on the busy Dharaskar Road,\" she added.Similarly, in Dhantoli zone where Sitabuldi, Cotton Market and Dhantoli bazaar are situated, 98 posts of sanitary workers are lying vacant. In Mangalwari zone too, as many as 36 posts of sanitary workers are lying vacant. \"It has affected cleanliness of many areas in my ward,\" said Congress corporator from Jaripatka Suresh Jagyasi.The negligent attitude of NMC's health department can be gauged from the fact that a roadside place near Jaripatka police station square has been converted into a dumping yard. Also, an open ground in Jaripatka have been converted into a dump yard. Despite many years, health department authorities have not been able to implement an effective garbage disposal system in north Nagpur.Congress corporator Bhavana Lonare too said the health department is least bothered about maintaining the area. \"Garbage is not lifted every day. In fact, the private firm entrusted with lifting garbage doesn't appear serious about doing its job,\" he said. Besides, many squares in the locality have heaps of garbage lying scattered.\"Though the rain brought relief from scorching heat, the monsoon brings along a host of diseases, specially when hygiene is not maintained. Besides the health risk, unbearable stink emanates from these plots, making life unbearable. Sadly, NMC seems to be least bothered about the health of residents,\" he said.Pande said, \"The fact that civic authorities have not been able to provide a clean surrounding, especially during rainy season, speaks volumes about their commitment to public service. The problem is so acute at times that it is embarrassing to invite relatives to our locality, as heaps of garbage greet them.\"Despite repeated attempts, deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir was not available for comment.Number Game3890 sanctioned posts of sanitary workers3221 working669 vacant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15215062", "title": "Man shot dead in scuffle over parking", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A trivial issue led to the death of one person after a scuffle occurred between two groups over parking fees in Loni in Ghaziabad. In another incident, a man in Noida was stabbed to death during a fight over water.In the first case, police said the incident took place on Thursday at 11.30pm near Chanam Vihar. The scuffle occurred between the Nagar Palika contractor's employees and a truck driver. \"When the parking attendants cracked down on the truck driver, he called his supporters. Later the two groups fought with lathis. Suddenly, one of them opened fire,\" a senior police official said.In the incident, a 35-year-old man passing by was shot dead. Police have arrested three employees of the parking contractor.In another case, a man identified as Pintu killed his neighbour Raju in Noida after a fight occurred between them over water. The police have arrested the accused and are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15226012", "title": "London Olympics 2012: Google doodles for archery competition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google's spirit for London Olympics 2012 seems to be unending as it put up a new sport-centred doodle on its homepage on Saturday. As the Olympics kicks off with archery competition after the opening ceremony , Google has dedicated a doodle to the sport.The London 2012 archery is the second Google doodle in this week to show its enthusiasm towards Olympics. The doodle displays a female archer aiming at an archery board, where the target is Go'o'gle. The Olympic Archery competition at the London 2012 Summer Olympics is being held at Lord's Cricket Ground, which has long been seen as the home of cricket.The search giant had tweeted, \"Hooray for sports! Stay tuned over the next 16 days for all the #GoogleDoodle fun,\" thus hinting that there may be a doodle on all days on the Games.From India, a team of 81 athletes, which comprises 6 archers, participated at the Olympics. The 6 Indian archers are: Rahul Banerjee , Tarundeep Rai, Jayanta Talukdar, L Bombayla Devi , Deepika Kumari and Chekrovolu Swuro .On Friday, Google displayed a doodle depicting five athletes on track holding the letters of Google which also symbolises the logo of Olympics. The doodle features the sports football , basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, started on 27 July, 2012 and will end on August 12, 2012.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15216955", "title": "Will BS Yeddyurapa quit party?", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's tantrums haven't ended even after his handpicked man Jagadish Shettar replaced DV Sadananda Gowda as chief minister.Yeddyurappa is reportedly planning to quit the BJP and float a new outfit by October if the BJP fails to appoint him as chief of the state unit. During discussions with confidantes on Friday, he accused the RSS of stifling him in the party.Yeddyurappa reportedly discussed this energy minister Shobha Karandlaje and H Vishwanath, Congress MP from Mysore. Yeddyurappa is learnt to have said that RSS and Sangh Parivar were planning to join hands with JD(S) to form the government if BJP fails to muster the majority in the next assembly elections. \"The party utilized me to come to power but later dumped me. The RSS has had a bigger hand in my stepping down. The RSS will take control of the party by giving hardcore RSS persons key positions in BJP,\" sources said.He reportedly said he'd remain in the party till Shettar continues as CM.When Yeddyurappa tried to defend the government at the business advisory committee convened by Speaker KG Bopaiah when the House was adjourned on Friday for a while, opposition leader Siddaramaiah reportedly taunted the former CM: \"When you're on the verge of quitting the party, why're you defending the government?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218220", "title": "School roof collapses in Bijnor, 6 students dead", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least six minors were killed and 18 injured when the roof of a classroom of a private educational institute collapsed in Bijnor district, 300 kilometres from Lucknow on Friday afternoon.Family members of the victims were the first to reach the spot and started the rescue operation. District authorities were able to reach the accident site after more than four hours, while the school staff went into hiding immediately after the mishap took place. Unconfirmed sources however quoted the death toll as 8. All the victims are said to be in the age group of 10-13 years.The accident took place at around 11.00 a.m. at Ramanand Public High School, a private institute recognised by the state government in Jaleelpur village under Chandpur police station. Classes were under way when the roof of the corridor on the first floor caved in. Apparently due to the impact of the debris, the floor of the corridor also gave way landing on the students of class V who were attending classes right below the corridor.Local residents allege that despite being recognised by the government only up to class 8, the institute was offering education up to class 10. However the institute was using the name of Minakshi Shishu Mandir for enrolling students in classes 9 and above.As per reports, initially as many as 25 odd students were feared to have been trapped under the debris. They were rushed to the nearby government and private medical facilities, where five of them were declared dead upon arrival and one more succumbed during the course of treatment.The deceased include two brother duo Shani (12) and Shohrat (13) sons of Jaipal Gawadi along with Hariom (10) and Raghwendra (12), sons of Ratan Singh. The remaining two deceased were identified as Deepak Kumar (13) and Shanu (10) hailing from Khaana village near Jaleelpur.The incident sparked off resentment among the locals who were angry over the delay on the part of the district authorities to reach the accident site in time.Bijnor district magistrate Sarika Mohan, who too reached the site thereafter, said the priority of the government is to rescue the students and provide them medical facilities as early as possible.\"The school staff and management are untraceable and we are looking for them. I have ordered an inquiry into the incident by the Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) to look into the causes of the mishap,\" Sarika Mohan said talking to the TOI on phone from Bijnor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15200652", "title": "I don't like the word Bollywood: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "\"One is normally used to seeing this on television. But to be a part of it was a huge surprise,\" says Amitabh Bachchan about carrying the torch at the London Olympics this year. The actor talks to us about how he was surprised when he was approached for this, and how he has been closely following India's prospects. Amitabh also talks about how he would love to play a historical character at this juncture of his career...What did carrying the torch mean to you? The Olympics is the ultimate sporting event. And to be asked to be a part of it is a huge honour. I don't know why I was chosen. It feels wonderful that Great Britain, the hosts of the Olympics, has chosen people from different communities, different parts of the world. It shows the spirit of the Olympics, where it preaches the coming together of caste, creed, religion, colour, nations to compete in a friendly atmosphere. And just to be a part of it is a moment of great pride.Were you surprised when they contacted you? Yes. One is normally used to seeing this on television. But to be a part of it was a huge surprise.Have you been following India's prospects? Yes. We have the largest contingent ever so far in any Olympics. And one wishes them the very best. There are many routines where there were no representatives ever. Initially, India came just as a hockey team and that was it. But now they are in track and field, boxing, wrestling, archery and shooting. These are all routines which were never heard of or at least never heard of as being associated with India. But they all hopefuls.Today, you are not merely a filmstar, but a legendary Indian. Do the issues that confront India make you think about the way India is progressing? We are just normal human beings. And just because we happen to be in a profession where you are loaded with the title of a celebrity doesn't mean we are acquainted or equipped or knowledgeable enough to be able to answer some of these questions. But somehow it is just because you are a celebrity it is assumed you will have this great solutions to some of the greatest problems the country is facing. I would just say I am an aware citizen of my country. Yes, what develops in the country affects all of us and we have our opinions. I just feel that expressing it is not what I would like to do because I am not knowledgeable enough.Any historical character you might like to play? I haven't played any historical characters. Yes, that would be one of the important options.Hindi cinema has grown bigger. Today, it is as big abroad as it is in India. How do you see it get better as the years go by? I don't like this word ( Bollywood ) which describes the Indian film industry. Cinema was almost looked upon as infra dig, parents used to go and vet a film before we were allowed to get inside a theatre. Cinema in general was held as an institution where children from good families were not looked as being associated with. But look at the change that has happened now. I don't know if this is good for the country or not; but it's almost become a part of our culture. There are more people who know about the Indian film industry. So, that bodes well. The West was very cynical about our quality of cinema. We made very escapist fare. But one of the points the West did not recognise was that cinema as a medium of entertainment for the common man. I do see Indian cinema progressing very well; gradually, our talent is being recognised, whether in Great Britain or Hollywood , in festivals in Cannes, London, Venice. So, I think we are on the right path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15220062", "title": "South Goa comunidade staff to begin pen down protest", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa comunidade staff has planned to go on an indefinite pen down strike from August 2 to protest the fact that they have not been paid their salary since March 2012.The employees had demanded that there be a permanent solution given that it was only April, the government had to give a loan of 20 lakh to pay their salaries of December (2011), January and February together. The employees who have not been paid since then had recently gheraoed the comunidades administrator of South zone Prakash Barad earlier this month. They have demanded that they be absorbed as government employees to avoid being forced through such an ordeal again. Some of the staffers, based at the village comunidades, pointed out that come the first Sunday in August they would be protesting at the comunidade head office in Margao.Barad said that he has communicated with the government on several occasions and pointed out that the employees had themselves met the chief minister and revenue minister who had promised to solve the matter.Sources at the comunidade added that the current dispute is regarding the accountability of the money paid by the comunidades as 'derrama', a part of which is used to pay the salaries of the comunidade staff members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220548", "title": "Catchment areas continue to get fairly heavy rains", "text": "PUNE: The catchment areas of the four major dams, which provide water to the city, continued to get fairly heavy rain in the 24 hours ending at 6 am on Friday.However, bright sunshine and relatively hot and humid conditions prevailed in the city throughout the day, replacing the overcast and wet conditions that persisted for the last couple of days.The day temperature, at 28.4 degrees Celsius, was almost a degree above normal. Light rain did occur late on Friday evening.Temghar, Varsgaon and Panshet dams received 33 mm, 22 mm and 19 mm rain in the last 24 hours, while Khadakwasla received 4 mm.The India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory recorded no rainfall for the period between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Friday. Of the 3.5 mm rain recorded for the last 24 hours, ending at 8.30 am on Friday, 0.6 mm rain occurred between 5.30 pm on Thursday and 8.30 am Friday.The city has now received 82.8 mm rain so far, 214.3 mm less than the normal for the season till date. The IMD has forecast 51% to 71% probability of light rain in some areas for the next 24 hours.Heavy rainfall activity was reported from parts of Konkan and Goa belt and the south central Maharashtra region, which stretches from Satara to Kolhapur.Some of these places include Kankawali (180 mm), Vaibhavwadi (120 mm), Rajapur (120 mm) and Sawantwadi and Dodamarg (90 mm each), all in the Konkan region.In south central Maharashtra, Chandgad recorded 190 mm rain, while Radhanagari and Gaganbawada received 130 mm and 120 mm rain respectively. All these places are located in Kolhapur district.Mahabaleshwar, in neighbouring Satara district, received 16 mm rain till 8.30 am on Friday and another 3 mm rain thereafter till 5.30 pm on Friday.The IMD's weekly release issued on Friday, has forecast active monsoon conditions in central India, which includes Maharashtra and east India during the first half of the week between July 28 and August 3.\"Rainfall will occur at many places along the west coast, which stretches from Konkan and Goa to Kerala,\" the release stated. This means more rain for Konkan and south central Maharashtra areas. Similarly, isolated heavy rains have been forecast for Vidarbha region in the state.\"The axis of a monsoon trough at mean sea level will run near its normal position for most part of the forthcoming week with a likely northwards shift towards the end of the week,\" the release stated. An IMD official said that the northward shift will result in less rain for central India towards the end of the week.An upper air cyclonic circulation lies over Jharkhand, the adjoining Gangetic West Bengal and north Odisha. This will bring rain to central India. \"A fresh upper air cyclonic circulation will form over the northwest Bay of Bengal in the second half of the week,\" the forecast stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15225130", "title": "Salman keeps Katrina away from Dhoom 3", "text": "W ith Ek Tha Tiger inching close to its release on August 15, promotions are about to begin in full swing. At the  same time, the Dhoom 3 team including Aamir Khan , Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra will be leaving for their Chicago shoot on August 4.But with Salman Khan insisting on Katrina being alongside him in all of Ek Tha Tiger 's promotions, Yash Raj Films, makers of both Ek Tha Tiger and Dhoom 3 , have had no option but relent to the star's demands and allow Katrina to join the Chicago schedule of Dhoom 3 only after August 15.Both the YRF spokesperson and Katrina's business manager confirmed the development saying, \"She will join the cast and crew of Dhoom 3 , who are leaving for Chicago in the first week of August, only later. Reason being she has to be there for Ek Tha Tiger' s promotions, with the film releasing in the second week of August.\"Meanwhile, a source close to the film said, \"Salman wants to do all the film's promotions with Katrina. Agreed, she is the female lead but a lot of times, due to simultaneous shooting schedules, actresses do skip a few promotions else do them in advance. For instance, Kareena could not make it for all the promotional events of Bodyguard as she was shooting endlessly for RA.One . that was close to release at the time.\"Added the source, \"However, since Salman has specifically mentioned they will do joint promotions, nothing much can be done except pushing Katrina's Dhoom 3 dates ahead. And since both are YRF films, the makers too are in a spot and have agreed to Salman's demands.\"However, given that Katrina and Aamir have worked hard on their stunts and their look in Dhoom 3 , YRF would have been happier to start off the schedule with them first, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220526", "title": "Gang rape: 2 surrender,plead innocence", "text": "PATNA: \"Hum galat nahin hain, hum kuch galat nahin kiye hain. Hum sirf video banaye the (I am not wrong. I did not do anything wrong. I only made the video clip),\" said a minor, accused in the gang rape of Ria (name changed), who was arrested by the police on Thursday. Another accused in the same case surrendered before the chief judicial magistrate's court here on Friday morning.With this, all the four boys allegedly involved in the gang rape case are in police custody. Three suspects had either surrendered or were arrested on Wednesday and Thursday.After his arrest from Jaitpur in Siwan district on Thursday, the 15-year-old accused was produced before the juvenile court on Friday, where he repeatedly said he had not committed any wrong. A police official said on condition of anonymity, \"The minor accused was sent to juvenile remand home. He, in his confession, did not admit any crime.\"Meanwhile, after a high-voltage drama and allegedly under social pressure, the son of owner of the flat where gang rape took place, surrendered before the Patna police on Friday night. \"He surrendered before the police and our purpose is solved,\" City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant said. He went to a television channel to plead his innocence and surrendered before police in the channel's studio. \"I allowed use of the flat and I was present during the incident, but never touched the girl,\" he told the TV channel.City SP said the Patna police team got transit remand of one of the accused from a Jalandhar court and he will probably reach Patna on Saturday. He added that a three-member Patna police team, along with the main accused, would also reach Patna from Shimla on Saturday.Meanwhile, Chandramukhi Devi, member, State Commission for Women, said, \"I wrote to DGP Abhayanand on Friday, requesting him to give a detailed report of the case and to arrange for security of the girl as she has to visit several places as part of the investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15219077", "title": "Govt apathy sabotages rainfall meters installed in every block", "text": "WARDHA: Questions are being raised over the way equipment to measure rainfall was installed across the district, and training not provided to the staff in charge. Some 40 sets of rainwater measuring equipment were installed last year in the district at block level, but most of it is no longer functioning.This equipment plays a vital role in the life of farmers, as the rainfall measurement taken by this equipment helps government decide all policies, including aid for farmers. These measurements also help the administration decide when rainfall has been deficient, normal or excessive.This year, rainfall has varied a lot, with some places witnessing heavy rains while some nearby areas have not got any rainfall since the beginning of the season. This has compelled farmers to sow crops twice or even thrice.Ashok Sabane, a farmer of Sukali (Bai), said with tears in his eyes, \"At the beginning of the rainy season I had sowed cotton in my six-acre land. But when rains did not come for a long time, I had to resow more than half the land.\"Avinash Kakade, leader of Kisan Adhikar Abhiyan, said that after several agitations Wardha had been the first district in the state where the automatic rainfall measurement equipment was installed at the block level. Earlier, such equipment was installed at the taluka level. He said, \"The unique experiment of the state government will fail if the situation remains same and equipment does not work.\"Some Rs20 lakh was invested to install the equipment, but the administration never trained the concerned employees. Acting collector Shekhar Channe said training will be provided to these employees soon.Farmers leader Vijay Jawandhiya said, \"If there is a loss of crops, farmers can claim crop insurance since thousands of farmers across the district pay for it. However, if the equipment is are not working, how can the government estimate losses and give farmers the benefit.\"This experiment of the state government was started from Wardha district. If it proves to be successful, farmers across the rest of the state would also have benefited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220466", "title": "Police seize 'evidence' of gang rape", "text": "PATNA: A police team on Friday morning raided flat number 301, Rambha Apartment, at Rajbanshinagar here, to collect evidence of the gang rape of Ria (name changed) by four youths last month. The team seized a bed sheet, a tumbler, a 'lungi' that the rape mastermind, who was also her boyfriend, wore on the fateful day, 40 pornographic CDs and other objectionable objects.The police team was accompanied by Ria herself, two women constables and forensic personnel. Ria showed the team the master bedroom of the flat where her modesty was outraged. In an attempt to protect the identity of Ria, the two women constables were clad in the same type of 'salwar kurta' as hers and their faces were covered with scarfs. \"We are trying our level best to guard the identity of the girl. We dressed the three in a similar way to confuse the onlookers,\" said City SP Jayant Kant.The forensic experts also seized two red and yellow teddy bears, with which Ria had tried to unsuccessfully save her modesty.Meanwhile, Ravindra Singh, an advocate at the Patna high court, who owns a flat in the apartment and owned the land on which the apartment stands, said he received threatening calls on Thursday night from a relative of Paswans, the owner of flat number 301, for cooperating with police. Singh became a witness to the seizure list on Friday. He told TOI, \"I am not afraid because the apartment is in my mother's name and the incident is an insult to her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219342", "title": "DGCA faces international audit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely three years after escaping a downgrade by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is going to be under the scanner of another global aviation agency.The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) is going to do a safety audit of the grossly-understaffed regulator this December and examine if it is effective enough to ensure safe flying in and over India. The ICAO report is then made public to all countries which then decide whether the examined place is safe to fly to or not.With this forthcoming audit and the current oversight on aircraft of financially-crippled airlines, Arun Mishra, who took over as the DGCA from Prashant Sukul on Friday, has his work cut out for him. Ensuring safety in Indian skies and strengthening the completely emasculated the DGCA is going to the top priority for this 1986 batch IAS officer of West Bengal cadre.Luckily for the crisis-ridden aviation industry, Mishra is an old hand and one of the most experienced IAS officers in this field. He was joint secretary (in charge of DGCA from 2007-09) and after that he was India's representative to ICAO in Canada.The roadmap for strengthening the DGCA is ready with the government planning to convert it into a civil aviation authority on the lines of the all-powerful American FAA.Mishra will have to push for early implementation of the plan that was prepared by outgoing aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi three years ago as the DGCA.Aviation industry insiders call for a CAA that is completely independent. The DGCA has always functioned as a side office of the ministry with the latter having full control over the regulatory affairs indirectly. The Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation had recently warned that the focus on strengthening the DGCA was lost once the FAA downgrade threat was over. \"In the last two years domestic traffic has grown by 36% and international by 19%, however there has been no increase in resources at the DGCA so under-staffing is again a major concern. As a result of these issues, regulatory oversight is weak which in a growing market increases near term safety risks,\" CAPA said.With some airlines facing a complete fund crunch and an international audit on its way, Mishra clearly has serious regulatory challenges to tackle in the immediate future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218767", "title": "MSc chemistry students + 12.75% result = Violent reaction", "text": "NAGPUR: Enraged by the shocking results of their first year examination, students of MSc (chemistry) from various city colleges, including Hislop, Institute Of Science and Kamla Nehru, staged a protest at Nagpur University on Friday. With merely 12.75% students passing the exam, they have demanded quick rechecking and re-evaluation of their papers.As per university information, only 12.75% students passed this year's summer exam in MSc I course. A total of 682 students appeared for the exam, of which only 87 were declared passed. In the same examination last year, 175 students had passed.According to the students, this result was completely unexpected as they were quite sure about the answers they wrote and expected at least passing marks. \"Most of us had respectable marks in our BSc course and we did not expect such marks this year. It is not possible that nearly 90% candidates fail an exam. The correction of papers is at fault,\" said Akshay Gundlani, a student of Institute of Science.The students have applied for revaluation but the process takes a lot of time, which will cause them severe hardships. Moreover, the cost of revaluation is around Rs600 per paper, which is not affordable for every student.Meanwhile, with such low marks, the colleges have refused to allow the students to take admission, not even under the Allowed to Keep Terms (ATKT) criteria. Infuriated by this, the students have appealed to NU's Controller of Examination (COE) Siddharth Kane for a quick revaluation and early result.Replying to the appeal, Kane said the students should first get photocopies of their answer sheets and see how the valuation was. \"No doubt the results are surprising, and I will conduct an inquiry. But there is no point in blaming the evaluators before the facts are known,\" he said.Aindrila Bhattacharya, a student of Institute of Science, said, \"It is very dismal to see such a result and I did not expect to get such low marks. However, I plead to NU to declare our revaluation result quickly so we can get admission into second year.\"The situation is worse for Priya Shivhare of Hislop College, who has failed in each paper by just one mark. \"To save our careers, NU should act responsibly and at least give us ATKT, so that we can seek admission in our college. There is certainly something odd in the checking of answer sheets,\" she said.(Inputs by Aman Bordia &amp; Manka Behl)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15220891", "title": "Conflict over land triggered riots: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dismissing claims by his detractors that the ethnic violence in lower Assam was a fallout of infiltration from Bangladesh, chief minister Tarun Gogoi said Muslims in Bodoland are Indian citizens and not Bangladeshis. He said the tussle over land between Bodos and non-Bodos is the main reason behind the clashes.Gogoi on Friday assured that the non-tribal people in the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD) tribal belt who have been displaced and are staying in relief camps will not lose the land they have left behind.\"The non-tribals living in the Bodo tribal belt will continue to enjoy their land rights as before,\" Gogoi said, clearly indicating that bone of contention in the clash was land.\"The conflict is actually conflict of interest over land. BJP is giving a communal colour to it. It is not communal. There are no Bangladeshis in the clash but Indian citizens,\" he said.Generally, land in a tribal belt cannot be owned by anyone else but tribals. The Bodo Accord that was signed in 2003 departs from this practice. \"There is a special provision in the Bodo Accord which allows non-tribals living in the tribal belt to have land rights. We want the Bodos to develop and move forward, but there is a large number of non-tribals in the BTAD area. This provision in the Accord can be altered only by a new Act,\" the chief minister said.He also agreed to protect the land rights of the tribals (read Bodos), who have fled their homes and land in the neighbouring minority-dominated and non-tribal Dhubri district. \"No one's land will be taken away. I will ensure that the land rights of the tribals in the non-tribal district are protected even if there is no law to protect them,\" Gogoi said. There are reports of Muslims occupying villages abandoned by Bodos in Dhubri district.For the state government, the biggest challenge now is to send the people from relief camps back to their homes. \"We have to build confidence among the people so that they return home without fear. A few people are starting to return home but panic exodus is still continuing,\" Gogoi said.The number of people fleeing their homes has swelled, forcing authorities to set up more relief camps. \"At the moment, we have 270 relief camps and there are 3.92 lakh people in them,\" chief minister Tarun Gogoi said. There were 211 relief camps and 1.7 lakh inmates on Wednesday. On Thursday, the number of camps went up to 228, while the inmates were nearly three lakh. Gogoi said the large exodus is fuelled by rumours.The Bodos, who are the biggest tribal group among the 23 notified tribes of the state, have clashed with Muslims and Adivasis five times in the last 60 years and all the conflicts have been based on land sharing. The conflicts may have subsided but the mistrust between the groups continues to remain, which does not put to rest the possibility of clashes in future. The Bodos hardened their stand to attain a separate identity but the other co-existing communities are apprehensive of losing their land.The non-tribal land owners in the BTAD area comprise Assamese, Koch-Rajbongshis, Adivasis, Nepalis and religion-wise, Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune/ mumbai", "code": "15214862", "title": "Engineering student faked kidnap after suicide bid", "text": "PUNE/ MUMBAI: When 20-year-old Nikhil Gatagat scripted the story of his sensational kidnapping on July 7, he perhaps did not give much thought to the fact that a police investigation could follow, and his lie nailed. An avid reader of crime thrillers, this College of Engineering Pune (COEP) student had spun the tale of his abduction, robbery and murder bid unable to come to terms with having to pursue engineering while his heart lay elsewhere.Nikhil, who was saved from the Vashi creek by two fishermen, had claimed he was abducted from Pune by four men and robbed of his mobile phone, laptop and Rs 60,000 in cash before being thrown into the creek. It was only after Pune cops confronted him with records of his poor performance in college that Nikhil confessed that it was, in fact, a suicide attempt as he was not interested in engineering but wanted to be a writer.He said he was depressed with his performance in the fifth and sixth semesters and had even stopped attending lectures, spending time in Pune's cyber cafes reading crime novels online. He also admitted to having lied about the robbery, saying he himself had thrown his mobile, cash and laptop into the sea before taking the leap from the bridge.According to police, the Latur boy was a bright student from his school days, having figured in the merit list in both SSC and HSC. Having secured over 95% marks in his HSC, Nikhil's scores in his engineering course left a lot to be desired.\"We found that Nikhil had not attended classes. He had spent days in a popular library reading suspense novels. He would also frequent a cyber cafe and read books online,\" inspector Sachin Sawant of the anti-extortion cell of the Pune crime branch said. Navi Mumbai police transferred the case to Pune as the youth had claimed that he was kidnapped from Pune and brought to Vashi.As Nikhil had suffered a prolapsed disc (slipped disc), the police allowed him to go to Latur for treatment. As Nikhil underwent treatment, the anti-extortion cell collected information about him. The police called Nikhil to Pune on Monday for further investigations and he stuck to his story. But when Sawant confronted him his examination results and attendance record, Nikhil broke down and admitted that he had attempted to end his life as he was depressed because of his poor showing in college.Sawant said Nikhil had arrived in Pune from Latur in a private bus around 7am on July 7. \"He took an ST bus to Vashi. After spending some time in a mall there, he purchased two suspense novels, checked into a lodge around 12.30pm and spent time reading the books till 6.30pm. He went to the Vashi toll naka by rickshaw and walked to the old bridge. There, he threw his bag and Rs 60,000 into the water before jumping in,\" Sawant said.Nikhil's father Narendra told the police that his son had never told him of his wish to become a writer. \"He has been an introvert since childhood. We own bookstores and a publishing house in Latur. Had he told me he wanted to become a writer, I would have readily agreed,\" the father said.COEP dean of student affairs Professor Sudhir D Agashe told TOI, \"We are quite shocked and concerned about this. We have student counsellors on the campus, and the autonomous system ensures that students do not feel exam stress here. Whenever Nikhil returns to the campus, we will ensure that he does not feel embarrassed and completes his studies.\" His college mates also feel that Nikhil should try to graduate and then pursue his dream of becoming a writer.Senior inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said no case has been registered against Nikhil yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15219937", "title": "42 projects on anvil: Union shipping minister G K Vasan", "text": "PANAJI: Union shipping minister G K Vasan, who was on a visit to Mormugao Port Trust, announced that the shipping ministry has taken upon itself a task of completing 42 projects amounting to 15,000 crore in the country.The minister was speaking at a review meeting of three major ports held on Friday at MPT headquarters, Vasco. The chairmen of the three ports gave a detailed presentation on various aspects like capacity addition projects and their status, capital and maintenance dredging plans, and various efficiency parameters like pre-berthing detention of vessels, turn round time, idle time, ship day output, utilization of equipment and financial parameters. The meeting was attended by Union secretary (shipping) R K Sinha; joint secretary (shipping) S Muruganandam; MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan; chairman of Cochin Port Trust, Paul Antony; chairman, New Mangalore Port Trust Dr P Tamilvanan, besides other senior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15217213", "title": "Leaking gas tanker explodes, kills 2", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A major fire broke out near the Dadri container depot late Thursday night. Two persons were reported killed while two others were injured after a LPG tanker caught fire due to leakage, police said. Fifteen fire tenders took over three hours to douse the fire even as nearby shanties and vehicles were also gutted after burning splinters fell on them, cops said.A senior police officer said that panic triggered in the area when the fire broke out near the dharam kanta (vehicle weighing bridge) located in the vicinity of the depot near Tilpata village. The incident took place when the driver of the truck noticed a leakage in the gas tanker's capsule and lost control over the vehicle, crashing it into a bridge divider. Cops suspect that sparks from the beedi of a bystander smoking at a nearby paan shop set off the fire, which raged for nearly three hours.The district administration has announced a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for the dead and Rs 20,000 to the injured.\"In less than five minutes the fire was raging and had spread across an area of nearly 100 meters and gutted everything in its way,\" said an eyewitness. An injured truck conductor said, \"I was sleeping on the roof of the truck when the fire broke out. I jumped from the top to save my life but got burnt. There was total chaos all around.\"Fifteen fire tenders reached the spot and doused the fire by about 1.30am. Besides fire tenders from Noida and Greater Noida, support was also sought from Moser Baer and LG companies. Police added that since the gas tanker was empty, a major disaster was averted. \"Even an empty LPG tanker still carries about 30-50kgs of gas within its body. That is the reason that the tanker did not explode,\" said Abhay Bhan, district fire officer. \"As the gas leaked slowly, the fire kept spreading and got scattered, leading to complete burnout in a wide periphery,\" Bhan added.According to the Gautam Budh Nagar police and eyewitnesses in the area, the damage is worth several crores. While the police said that three trucks were completely gutted in the fire, villagers in the area alleged that 8-9 more trucks were destroyed by the fire. A Santro car too was burnt in the accident, confirmed the police, though its occupant escaped being badly hurt.SP (Rural) Ashok Kumar said, \"The cause of fire was due to the spark after the gas tanker collided with a culvert on the road. Soon after that several vehicles coming in the range of the leaking gas caught fire. So far, we have recovered two dead bodies and sent two injured to the hospital. The dead have been identified as Subash, who was smoking the beedi which triggered the fire, and Habib,\" the SP said.The police said they will register a case against the owner and driver of the tanker. Even as cops maintained that only two were injured, eyewitnesses and villagers said many more were singed by the fire. Several villagers also said that the fire burnt even their cattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218647", "title": "Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, Sukanta Bhattacharya out of higher secondary syllabus", "text": "KOLKATA: Changes in the HS syllabi, framed by Aveek Mazumdar-led committee, are drawing flak from several corners following the decision to omitting stories of Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay and poems of Sukanta Bhattacharya from Bengali syllabus.\"Students taking admission in colleges after the HS will face problems. The problem that a student faces after Madhyamik is one of linguistics. They cannot cope with the sudden change in the standard of stories between Class X and XI. This decision will aggravate the problem,\" linguist Pabitra Sarkar said.West Bengal Council for Higher Secondary Education president Muktinath Chattopadhyay said, \"Bankim is not taught in the current syllabus. His writings have Sanskrit lexicons and thus we felt modern students will not be able to relate to his writings. He has also written a lot of novels. There is no scope for such elaborate teaching in Class XI and XII. Rather, we have kept Kamalakanter Jabanbandi as one of the stories in the syllabus that will again be changed from 2016 till 2019.\"Sarkar has another view. \"'Babu' is a piece that could have been included in the syllabus. Kamalakanter Jabanbandi is just a story. HS students should have a better knowledge on Bankim. His writings speak about philosophical or nationalist sentiment. Kapal Kundala, Durgeshnandini are rather difficult pieces,\" he said.The reason for keeping Sukanta out could be political, fear Sarkar. \"The committee may have taken the decision out of the perception that Sukanta was a communist.\"The council president, however, refuses the charge. \"Atharo Bochhor Boyosh is being replaced by Priyatamashu. But the poem has been kept out of syllabus between 2013 and 2016. Rather from 2016 to 2019, Priyatamashu will be taught to the students. We felt that a break was necessary to introduce other poets in the syllabus. We are not doing away with Sukanta's poems.\"\"This is true that students in class XI and XII should learn and read stories of Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay. Since, the students will go on to take up Bengali honours immediately afterwards. How can they cope with the change. Moreover, he is an integral part of Bengali literature. He cannot be kept out,\" said educationist Sunanda Sanyal. He added, \"Sukanta Bhattacharjee's poems should also have been included since he is among one of the students favourites.\"The committee instead has included pieces by Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Lalan Fakir, Premchand and Kartar Singh Duggar. \"We wanted the syllabus and text book to relate to contemporary literature. Else text books become devoid of everyday life and encourage rote,\" said Avik Mazumdar, chairman of the syllabus committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15219171", "title": "\u2018Mentally ill\u2019 man, mother rescued from filthy house", "text": "GURGAON: A 55-year-old woman and her 35-year-old son who had locked themselves up inside their IFFCO colony home in Sector 17 for the past several months, were rescued by a municipal corporation team on Friday. Around eight trolleys of filth were taken out by the team.Officials said Lakshmi Malhotra (55) used to work in a senior position in IFFCO and stayed with her son Rajesh in the ground-floor house. \"The son seems to be suffering from some psychiatric problem and his mother who is an MA (economics) may have got affected by it. Their neighbours repeatedly complained about foul smell emanating from the house. There were eight stray dogs inside and the whole place was unkempt,\" said a civic official.The official said, \"Her elder son, who is understood to be a doctor in the US, used to send them money regularly. They never used to cook food and ordered from nearby restaurants. There were no signs of starvation. However, the amount of garbage we have picked up from the house indicates that the filth was piling up for at least six months. We have not been able to get any details about the husband.\"Officials say they have tried to counsel the mother and son. \"Our medical officer too visited the house and offered assistance. But they refused any help. We will try to contact the elder son,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15222250", "title": "Bidve\u2019s killer \u2018psycho\u2019 Stapleton gets life term", "text": "LONDON: Kiaran Stapleton, convicted for killing 23-yearold Indian student Anuj Bidve on December 26 last year, was handed the life sentence by a Manchester court and will serve a minimum of 30 years in prison.Bidve, pursuing postgraduate studies in microelectronics at Lancaster University , was shot at point blank range on his left temple in a completely unprovoked manner while he was walking along a street in the early hour with fellow Indian students. They intended to take advantage of the traditional Boxing Day sales in the city's shops.In his judgement, justice King told Stapleton, \"Only then will you be released if you are deemed not to be a risk to the public.\" He asserted that the convict, who had initially told the court that his name was 'Psycho Stapleton' , had committed a \"truly wicked act\" and was a \"highly dangerous man\" , who posed a high risk of serious harm to other people.\"In my judgment, this was no impulsive act on your part. It was a piece of coldblooded controlled aggression ,\" King said, adding that Stapleton had shown a \"most callous disregard\" by laughing and smirking after he gunned down Bidve and also during the trial.\"You have behaved in a way demonstrating that you are positively boastful about having killed Bidve,\" the judge commented.The killer showed no emotion as the sentence was passed. He nodded before he was led from the dock and then motioned with his hand towards his family to say \"chin up\" . Stapleton regularly grinned and laughed throughout his five-week murder trial. He was smiling as he came into court for the verdict and beamed towards a family member as he was led from the dock.He had admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility but the jury rejected this argument and convicted him of murder. Following the verdict , Bidve's father Subhash, who with his wife Yogini attended the trial from beginning to end, noted Stapleton had \"laughed at the memory of our son\" . He said he believed Stapleton should never be released from prison. Stapleton told one psychologist in prison that he picked out his victim because \"he had the biggest head\" , the court heard. After the incident , he went to a tattoo parlour to get a teardrop design placed below his right eye, a symbol used by some violent gangs to signal the wearer has killed someone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15221397", "title": "Vegetables, fruits cost 25% more this fasting season", "text": "After a few months of having hit a comfortable plateau , prices of vegetables and fruits have risen substantially by 20-25 % on an average this week, owing to the onset of Shravan and Ramzan on July 20 and 22, respectively.As before, there is no shortage of produce despite the higher demand. Yet, in the absence of a regulatory mechanism to stem artificial price rise, vendors have increased their profit margin on all food items, say market observers. In fact, sellers had been cautioning customers for a while that prices would rise during Shravan and Ramzan.On Friday, sugar rose by Rs 3 from Rs 36 to Rs 39 per kg. This, at the start of the fasting season when both Hindus and Muslims tend to eat but one meal a day, and sweets are an essential part of the menu.The most expensive item in percentage terms is the staple tomato, which for weeks has remained at giddying heights of Rs 32-40 per kg, three times more than the average of Rs 10-12 . Potato costs Rs 18-20 , up from an average of Rs 10-12.\"Devout Hindu families stop consuming meat during Shravan and eat one vegetarian meal a day. Naturally, this repast is a little more elaborate than usual and comprises two or three different vegetables . But the fact that we are now buying staple items like tomato for Rs 40 and potato for Rs 20 compels us to consume less. After all, these are an unavoidable part of every recipe. We are forced to restrict the menu for this reason or frequently repeat items that are less expensive,\" says Anju Mhatre, who shops at the Four Bungalows market in Andheri.Few escape routes are available, though. Since the holy month of Shravan began July 20, even the common cabbage , bottle gourd and bitter gourd come for nothing less than Rs 40 per kg, up from the Rs 30 average. Popular items like cauliflower and cluster bean (gavar) have hit the Rs 50-60 mark once more after selling for Rs 40 in the pre-festival season. Green peas are back to their exalted pedestal of Rs 100 after a welcome interval where they cost Rs 40 per kg.\"The surprise relief is lady finger, which has returned to its normal average of Rs 40 per kg for the first time in two years almost. It had scaled abnormal levels of Rs 80-100 earlier this year and sold for Rs 60 for the most part of 2010-11 ,\" says Goregaon resident Sunita Gavankar.Fruits, which form an integral part of the fasting ritual for both communities, have risen arbitrarily as well. Common varieties of mango such as langda, payri and dussehri that sold for Rs 50-60 per kg around July 15 suddenly shot up by Rs 20 to Rs 70-80 per kg. Watermelon, which is a must-item on the iftar menu owing to its high water content , is selling for Rs 30 per kg versus Rs 20 earlier. An average sized melon weighs around 2.5 kg. Every variety of apple, pear and pomegranate also costs marginally higher, and is likely to remain so until August 20.Meat, eggs rise &amp; fall on demand-supply curveBella JaisinghaniMumbai: The market for non-vegetarian food seesaws each time the fasting festivals of both communities fall simultaneously. Typically, Hindus forego meat and eggs during Shravan and Ganeshotsav while Muslims gravitate towards these after the arduous fast of Ramzan.Over the past week, eggs rose then fell by Rs 6-8 per dozen. \"The retail price of eggs had risen to Rs 48-50 before July 20. However, the advent of Shravan has seen prices fall to the average rate of Rs 40-44 ,'' says Nasir Ahmed of Nazeer Eggs.However, mutton and chicken prices remain stable at Rs 300 and Rs 80-110 per kg. Roadside shops selling broiler chicken start at Rs 80-90 per kg while the packaged variety sells for Rs 110, on an average. The price of mutton remains most stable and seldom fluctuates during festival time.While the supply of meat remains steady, the rainy season that ushers in several Hindu festivals does not bring an abundance of choice for fish lovers. \"There is little stock in the market owing to the monsoon ban on fishing so certain varieties do command a premium. Only frozen fish from Gujarat is being sold right now. Many of our regular buyers are fasting so sales will remain abysmal for the next three weeks,\" said a vendor at the Andheri municipal market.On Sunday, small piles of red prawns were available for Rs 100 while the regular mackerel and pomfret were hardly visible. \"There are times during Shravan when one gets fish really cheap because vendors opt for distress sales on days when there are no customers ,'' said Anshul Bhatia who came shopping with his wife. \"This time, there is little variety to choose from.''The Kolis as well as their customers are waiting for Nariyal Purnima when fishing will resume and the market will regain footfalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221419", "title": "Tigress found dead in Panna tiger reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: A 21-month-old tigress was found dead close to Talgaon area of Madhya Pradesh's much-talked Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) on Friday. The park is spread over 543 sq km, where a big cat revival programme is underway after it lost all the tigers primarily to poaching some three years ago.The sub-adult tigress, tagged as 214, was found dead during patrolling in the core area of PTR in Panna and Chhatarpur district. The body didn't bear any injury mark, officials said. It must have died before pre-dawn, they added.Post-mortem of the animal would ascertain the cause of the death, officials said.With this death, the tiger population, comprising sub-adults and cubs has come down to 19 from 20. After the reserve, situated in eastern MP, became devoid of big cats, four tigresses and a tiger were trans-located to Panna from other parks to revive its population, officials said. The revival plan had met with success after the birth of cubs.Tigress - 214 was born to T-2 that was trans-located to PTR from Kanha Tiger Reserve (KTR) on March 9, 2009. The dead tigress was the fourth cub of the first litter of T-2, officials said.Meanwhile, the top officials of the reserve have reached the spot and are studying as to what went wrong that would have resulted in the tigress' death.\"I have left the state capital for Panna,\" PTR field director RS Murthy said. \"I was not there so I can't comment over the cause of the death\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219752", "title": "BJD MP Pyarimohan warns against 'loyalist' hunt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Suspended BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Friday added fuel to his ongoing political war with Naveen Patnaik by holding out a threat that the chief minister may have to go out of power if he removes Pyari loyalists from the ministry.\"Loyalist is one influenced by another person. There is nobody in the BJD loyal or in other words committed to Naveen Patnaik except a few who just move around him hankering for some position. Ministry formation is the prerogative of the chief minister. But if he (Naveen) is nurturing the idea of getting rid of my loyalists he would be left with none to take in the ministry and end up losing power,\" Mohapatra said before boarding an evening flight here to New Delhi.Senior BJD leader Damodar Rout retaliated, saying, \"Pyarimohan Mohapatra has all along being saying he is a worker of the BJD. He never held any post in the party or the government. Nobody follows a worker.\" Rout, who has in the past engaged in verbal duels with Pyari, mocked him, questioning: \"What happened after the CM sacked three of Pyari's so-called loyalists from the ministry (in the wake of the failed 'coup' on May 29)?\" Rout added: \"It is not known who are followers of Pyari, but all in BJD are followers of Naveen. It is for the CM to decide who he wants in the ministry.\"Pyari's remarks, coming ahead of the much-anticipated ministry expansion, bear significance especially in the backdrop of his recent conflict with Naveen. The chief minister, who for the last 12 years solely depended on him for running the party and the government, accused Pyari of hatching a conspiracy to overthrow him from power and announced his suspension from the BJD after rushing back to Bhubaneswar from a foreign visit. Naveen cited the May 29 meeting of MLAs at Mohapatra's house here to prove his point, simultaneously suspending two other MLAs and sacking three ministers as well.\"The chief minister is now on a Pyari-hunting mode. There is information, systematically doled out, that I will be arrested soon. But all his attempts cannot suppress me. I am not a person to be cowed by such threats,\" Pyari said. He said the chief minister, who is also the BJD president, had been \"desperately trying to instill a sense of fear in the minds of all to retain support for himself\". \"Party people are afraid of him because he is presently in power. But from where will he get supporters,\" Pyari questioned.Pyari's observations corroborate talks in BJD circles that the chief minister in the aftermath of the 'failed coup' has engaged all resources including the police network to keep tab on ministers and MLAs.Going by Pyari's own admission as many as 32 MLAs had met him at his home on May 29 to narrate their problems, beside nearly 10 others including ministers, who could not come because of the 'media campaign' unleashed projecting the meeting as a countdown to capture power. The anti-Pyari group has since been hopeful that the CM in the ensuing ministry expansion would tick off the 'perceived opponents' and constitute a new team comprising 'strong loyalists'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219256", "title": "Right of way for left turns on city roads soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nerve-wracking traffic snarls at street junctions in the city will soon be a thing of the past as the commissionerate police have identified 28 locations in Bhubaneswar where left turn lanes would be widened to avoid heavy congestion.Motorists face severe problem to take a left turn at these junctions as vehicles are always parked at the corners. Such problematic junctions include Nicco Park Square, Housing Board Square, The World Traffic Square, 120 Battalion Square, Airport Square, Nalco Square, Damana Square, CRP Square and a few others. City buses also block part of the road at these crossings. The idea to widen the roads at these places was discussed during a traffic review meeting last week.\"We have urged the works department to widen the road close to left turns for the convenience of commuters. Hopefully the work will start soon,\" twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy told TOI.\"We have started a survey to acquire land for widening the streets. At many places, large portions of public road have been encroached near the left turns. We will seek the help of police to evict the encroachers,\" said an officer of road department.The city has around 44 traffic posts of which 10 are very busy. Police have identified 10 more places such as Old Station Bazaar, Satya Nagar Over Bridge and Ganganagar Square in the city where new traffic posts would be set up soon.Meanwhile, urban managers have requested police to improve zebra crossings for convenience of pedestrians.\"Most of the black and white stripes at zebra crossings have faded making it difficult for pedestrians to identify them. At some places zebra crossings are marked at such places that pedestrians need to jump to cross the road,\" said Piyush Ranjan Rout, co-founder of Local Governance Network, an organization promoting best practices in city management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15221869", "title": "Dream come true? A car that can run on water", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani engineer has successfully developed a unique technology that uses water as fuel in vehicles instead of petrol or CNG, a feat once considered a farfetched dream. Waqar Ahmad drove his car using water as fuel on Thursday during a demonstration for Pakistani parliamentarians, scientists and students.He claimed that on one litre of water a 1000 CC car can cover a distance of 40 km and a motorbike can run up to 150 km using this technology.Ahmad said cars could be driven by a system fueled by water instead of petrol or CNG. The onlookers were taken aback when they saw the dream car and a cabinet subcommittee lauded Ahmad's 'Water Fuel Kit Project'. Religious affairs minister Syed Khurshid Ahmad Shah, panel panel, said Ahmad would have their full support, calling it \"this years's Independence Day gift to the nation\".The water fueling system is a technology in which 'hydrogen bonding' with distilled water produces hydrogen gas to run the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221728", "title": "Complimentary cards now valid in Rajdhani/Shatabdi Express", "text": "VARANASI: In a welcome gesture to sportspersons, Ministry of Railways has decided that the complimentary card passes issued to sportspersons who are Arjuna Awardees would now be valid for travel in 1st Class/2nd AC in Rajdhani trains and Chair Car (CC) in Shatabdi trains besides being valid for travel in 1st Class/2nd AC in other mail/express trains (except Duronto trains) over All Indian Railways (except Metro Railway/Kolkata) as per the existing provision.In this connection, a circular dated July 20, 2012 of Railway Board has been sent to all the zonal railways for implementation.The said card pass entitles the Arjuna awardee sportspersons lifelong free travel for self only. In addition, the Arjuna awardee sportsperson is entitled the facility of a companion in the same class along with the sportsperson on this complimentary card pass on attaining the age of 65 years.In case of Arjuna awardee sportsperson, the companion allowed at the age of 65 years will also be entitled to travel in the same class along with the Arjuna Awardees in Rajdhani/Shatabdi trains.As per the existing policy, Ministry of Railways provides 1st Class/2nd AC complimentary card passes to meritorious sportspersons who are Arjuna Awardees, Olympic Medalists, Gold Medalists in Asian or Commonwealth Games or Dronacharya Awardees.The said Card pass entitles them life long free rail travel for self only in 1st Class/2nd AC over all-Indian Railways (except Metro Railway/Kolkata) by any train other than Rajdhani/Shatabdi trains.The policy further prescribes that sports-person is entitled to facility of a companion in the same class on the aforesaid card pass on attaining the age of 65 years. From now on in case of Arjuna Awardees and their companions only the facility has been extended for travel in Rajdhani/Shatabdi trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "15228622", "title": "Indian-origin Singaporean acquitted of double murder", "text": "SINGAPORE: An Indian-origin Singaporean, convicted twice of murdering his two flatmates in Sydney, has been acquitted by an Australian appeals court.Australia's New South Wales (NSW) Court of Criminal Appeal quashed former student Ram Puneet Tiwary's convictions for the September 2003 murders of Tay Chow Lyang and Tan Poh Chuan, both aged 26, according The Straits Times.Tiwary, 33, was charged with the double murder of fellow Singaporeans of Chinese origin in September 2003 and was jailed for life in 2006.But he appealed and was put on re-trial which again resulted in a maximum sentence of 48 years in jail.Tiwary was originally charged for stabbing and bludgeoning Lyang and Chuan at a flat in a Sydney suburb of Kingsford. The three were students at the University of New South Wales and shared the flat.In a dramatic turn this week, the appeal court on Thursday overturned both murder convictions and acquitted Tiwary on both counts.The grounds of judgment would be made known later, according to the Singapore daily.The decision has surprised even Tiwary's family in Singapore who had not expected an outcome so soon.Arrangements were being made for Tiwary to return home, his cousin Ramesh Tiwary said in Singapore.\"He was alone when the decision was delivered on Thursday, but we were informed immediately. We're relieved and happy he has been vindicated, because we have always maintained he was innocent of this crime,\" the paper quoted Ramesh as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219478", "title": "Nagpur artist featured in international magazine", "text": "NAGPUR: Seventy six-year-old city artist, Vijay Kakde, got international recognition when his name got published in the 'Master Painters of the World' column of the International Artist's Magazine. Kakde has been accorded this honour due a landscape of Shimla that he had sent to the magazine.Kakde, who has been painting for about four decades, had been on the jurists' panel for the 'International Water Colour contest' that was held in March this year by the International Water Colour Society.\"I had actually applied as a contestant and sent in my painting as an entry. But the organizers contacted me asking whether I would be one of the jury member. I was overwhelmed and honoured by this offer and immediately accepted,\" Kakde said.As soon as he accepted the position of a jurist Kakde withdrew his entry as a contestant as he thought it would be unethical to participate in the contest of which he was a judge.Kakde said that his passion for water colour painting has made this achievement possible. As his family was against him taking up painting as a profession he graduated and then earned a master's degree in psychology. He then took up a job as a lecturer. But later on Kakde completed a diploma course in fine arts from JJ College of Arts. He also did his PhD in Archaeology. He studied the depiction of women in the cave art of Ajanta, Ellora and Elephanta.\"I do not paint for commercial gains. My paintings are for myself and I do not sell my paintings,\" said Kakde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230281", "title": "Is there a Race against B\u2019wood?", "text": "After an Indian actor-turned-teacher was abused in a British school with the term 'Farewell Bollywog', Indian celebs decode the Bollywoodization of slangsAn actor-turned-teacher of Indian origin in Britain is reported to be suing a school for more than \u00a3100,000 after claiming he was subjected to a torrent of racist abuse from pupils and staff. A report in the Daily Mail states that 35-year-old Haresh Sood, who had once been famously named one of Britain's most eligible bachelors, has claimed that a scribbled drawing of his face captioned \"Farewell Bollywog!\" was left for him.Another note was left for him that read \"Good Riddance Turbanator!\" His school register was torn and the Indian national flag removed from his classroom and dirtied. All that besides being called names such as \"vindaloo\" and \"chicken curry\" and asked by colleagues to shave an Indian flag into his hair! In his appeal, he said he was made redundant in August 2008 after complaining of harassment and that his boss had called a staff meeting and read out a passage about \"wogs\" not being allowed on buses in the 60s.For those not in the loop, wog or pog is a slang. In the UK, the term has been essentially used to refer to \"dark- skinned\" people. In its modern usage, it is considered overtly racist. Haresh's incident, however, has drawn attention to the fact that for the first time in the history of Bollywood, a slang has been coined in Britain using a reference to the film industry. What implication does this Bollywoodization of a slang have on the image that's being created about the industry in the West? Says lyricist Javed Akhtar , \"Different nationalities have been stereotyped in different ways. Earlier, India used to be called a land of snakes and sadhus. Today, one of the elements associated with India is the movies. This term, \"Bollywog\", suggests if somebody out there thinks of India, one thing that comes to mind is its movies. However, in 2012, one should rise above such petty prejudices and look beyond.\" Akhtar too has been racially profiled earlier. \"It's common that we will be searched more carefully than others when we make trips to the US. I don't know if it's because of the skin colour or the religion. But I don't wish to make a big deal out of it. After all, doesn't racial discrimination happen even in India?\"Says musician Neel Adhikari, who returned from Europe on July 11 after his Gandu Circus tour with Q and Jivraj Singh, \"This certainly is not a compliment for Bollywood. However, I think, this is a rare case. During the tour, we had performed at very arty places. No one misbehaved with us. Compare this with my experience four years ago when my friend and I were racially profiled on the streets of UK. A group pointed at us suggesting how 'brown-skinned' people were intruding their space. But when we continued to ignore, this group stopped irritating us. I believe, art is a great leveller and can easily downplay racial abuse.\"Says Neetu Chandra , \"I have never been racially profiled abroad when I was shooting in Greece for the Greek film, \"Home Sweet Home\". In fact, Indians in our country sometimes suffer from a colonial hangover. It's about time everyone is treated as equals. Though \"Bollywog\" smacks of racial profiling, there is another way of looking at it. Bollywood must be so huge that it's making a lot of people insecure about their own standing in the West. This insecurity might have given rise to this phrase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15220864", "title": "Shipping ministry keen on completing projects", "text": "MANGALORE: Union shipping ministry has taken upon itself the task of completing 42 projects amounting to Rs 15,000 crore, Union minister G K Vasan said. Reviewing the progress of three major ports, including New Mangalore Port, at Mormugao Port Trust headquarters at Vasco on Friday, Vasan said: \"We have decided to have proper framework for the review of all projects.\"Joint secretary (ports) will review the projects once in a fortnight and secretary (shipping) will review it once in a month, Vasan said, adding that it will be done once in a quarter at his level. \"Any issue which can impede the progress of the project can be sorted out at the appropriate time, thus ensuring that there is no delay in getting approvals and commencement of work. In this connection, the first review for three major ports has been held in Goa,\" he said.MPT chairman Mara Pandiyan, explaining capacity addition at the port, said it has various projects in the pipeline, totalling to about Rs 1,800 crore. Some of these projects have already been awarded. Two major projects to be awarded this year are west of Breakwater project for iron ore exports at a cost of about Rs 1,100 crore and mechanisation of berth 11 at a cost of Rs 204 crore. Mechanisation of berth 11 includes providing covered storage facility for coal.Paul Antony, chairman of Cochin Port Trust, said the port has taken up various projects to increase the capacity from 20 MTPA to 51 MTPA by 2017. P Tamilvanan, chairman of NMPT stated that cargo traffic as well as the number of ships have shown a positive growth.NMPT has emerged as the largest LPG-handling port in India with 46% share as also the largest coffee exporting port with 47% of the total exports from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/ guwahati", "code": "15216933", "title": "Gogoi blames Centre for delay in Army deployment", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GUWAHATI: Several crucial hours were wasted in deploying the Army to contain the communal violence in lower Assam due to the initial reluctance of the ministry of defence , which felt the riots could be locally contained and didn't want troops to get embroiled in an ethnic conflict.The Army's wrong assessment, which resulted in loss of precious time, led Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Friday to blame the Centre for the spread of violence. \"We wanted the Army on day one of the crisis and now when it's there, the situation is returning to normal,\" he said.While the state government had sought troops on July 22, the Army was deployed three days later \u2014 a lag exploited by troublemakers with a beleaguered civil administration proving inadequate in tackling violence. \"Finally, 13 Army columns were deployed on July 25. Had the Army been deployed earlier, many lives could have been saved,\" an official said.The challenge was compounded by the dearth of paramilitary forces, leaving the state to deal with a huge task in the first 72 hours when violence was at its peak. Most of the forces had to be dispatched from places as far as Jamshedpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15218259", "title": "Teacher held for abetting girl's suicide", "text": "HOWRAH: Brij Kishore Prasad, the teacher accused of slapping the 11-year-old and sending her out of the classroom, was arrested and may face up to 10 years in prison if it is proved in court that he drove the Class-VI student to suicide. The girl committed suicide on Thursday morning by jumping off the roof of the five-storied apartment building at Howrah's Bijoy Kumar Mukherjee Road, where her school is located.Preliminary probe revealed that the girl was taking a Chemistry test when Prasad accused her of copying. He allegedly slapped her and sent her out of the classroom. Unable to bear the humiliation, the girl jumped off the school building roof. She was rushed to a local hospital where she was declared dead.The girl's father lodged a complaint with the Golabari police station against Prasad and Dilip Kumar Dubey, secretary of the school. Both were summoned to the police station and interrogated. While Prasad finally confessed that he had slapped the girl and sent her out of the classroom, the charges against Dubey could not be established. Prasad was arrested and produced before a court on Friday which remanded him in judicial custody.Sources revealed that the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights has sought a report from the school authorities on what actually transpired on Thursday and why the girl was treated in that manner. The law forbids corporal punishment in schools. The girl's relatives, meanwhile, didn't sound satisfied with the action taken by the police. One of them said that action should also be taken against the school for allowing children to climb up the roof. The school occupied the first floor of the building and the remaining floors comprise residential flats.\"We have decided to take up the matter with state education minister Bratya Basu. Though Prasad was to blame primarily, there was gross negligence on the part of the school as well,\" a relative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15219759", "title": "Seminar for South Goa police officers", "text": "A two-day seminar on the 'role of police in combating and preventing human trafficking' held for police officers posted in South Goa commenced at the Margao police headquarters. Addressing the police officers, inspector general of police (IGP) Sanjay Singh asked them to conduct similar training exercises for their subordinates at their respective police stations. South Goa superintendent of police (SP) Allen de Sa and Singh emphasized on the need to investigate deeper into the trafficking and drug case, which they said would surely lead to more arrests. De Sa added that there would also be 10 lectures by different resource persons on how to deal with juvenile justice. Singh promised to address the manpower shortage at the Margao anti narcotic cell, but urged the cell to be more proactive. Singh said that increase in drug trafficking cases was due to poverty and said that NGOs played an active role in creating the much needed awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15221793", "title": "\u2018Texting to blame for bad grammar\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: This definitely is not a LOL matter! According to a new research by an Indian-origin professor, text messaging could lead to declining language and grammar skills in tweens.S Shyam Sundar from Pennsylvania State University and colleagues from Northwestern University found the use of shortcuts while texting may hinder a tween's ability to switch between techspeak and rules of grammar.When tweens (those between the age group of 10 to 12) write in techspeak, they often use shortcuts, omitting non-essential letters and initials, to quickly and efficiently compose a text message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15217939", "title": "NCP unit to demand action against Gajanan Shelar", "text": "NASHIK: Waking up to the fact that Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) had never appointed Gajanan Shelar, former city unit chief, as state secretary of the party, the city unit of party has said that it would seek action against the leader for misleading people by posing as an office-bearer of the party.\"It was shocking to know that after Madhukar Pichad was re-elected as the NCP's state unit president and even before he announcing his committee, the former city unit president claimed as to have been appointed as the state-secretary. We will therefore write to the state unit president of the party demanding action against him,\" said Sharad Koshire, city unit president of NCP.On Friday, during his tour of Nashik, the state unit president Pichad, accompanying deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, had categorically denied having appointed Shelar to the post. \"If I have been re-elected to the post of president now and the earlier committee stands dissolved, how can anyone claim to have been selected as the member of the committee?\" Pichad had said.Gajanan Shelar, the former corporator of NMC, who was also the president of city-unit then, lost the NMC election to Sanjay Chavhan - NCP-rebel from ward number 24. As the party fared badly under his leadership in the elections, even when NCP was billed to be the largest party coming to power in the NMC, the pressure started building on Shelar to resign.Quitting the post, Shelar had then claimed that Chhagan Bhujbal (district guardian minister and in charge of NMC elections) was surrounded by the coterie of leaders and that they were responsible for the debacle in NMC elections. Shelar had also alleged that Bhujbal was using the Samata Parishad for personal gains.Shelar was unavailable for comment.Meanwhile, when sought for their comment, the local office-bearers of NCP, on the condition of anonymity, claimed, that this actually amounted to a very serious issue as it was not only misleading people, but also misusing the party banner for the various things.\"He had sown the seeds of discontent in the party after NMC elections and he was the one who shouted that he was supported by Ajit Pawar. We were aware of the facts about his activities and even tried to draw the attention of the senior leaders over the issue, but that didn't help much until Thursday,\" a prominent leader of the party said.He was joined by another prominent leader from the party's district unit saying that since the state secretary are given responsibilities of several districts; he Shelar even visited some units in the district claiming the he would resolve the issues of the people. \"But this was nothing less than trying to divide the people. However, even the district office-bearers refused to address the issue saying they had no idea about the issue,\" the leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15216818", "title": "CAG report slams BBMP's hundi system", "text": "BANGALORE: The hundi system followed by the BBMP has come under severe criticism of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.In order to facilitate settlement of pending contractors' bills for executing a large number of works without budget provision, the commissioner entered into a tripartite agreement with banks for operating a 'hundi system' wherein contractors could discount their bills directly from banks. This system was provided to benefit contractors for early settlement of claims without waiting for funds with the BBMP.\"The commissioner, however, has not taken permission from the state government for operating the hundi system,\" says the CAG's audit report for year ending March 2011.The report observed that as on March 2011, BBMP had approved bills of contractors to the extent of Rs 2,613 crore for discounting under the hundi system and bills to the tune of Rs 1,863 crore were pending. \"Due to improper planning and execution of a large number of works, BBMP failed to discharge its liability to banks within the stipulated time, resulting in avoidable payment (September 2011) of interest of Rs 21.33 crore to banks,\" the report said.The road and drain works undertaken by BBMP have also come under the CAG scanner. The report said works were taken up without any proper need-assessment or taking into the account the road history.\"There was no sanctity in the approval of programme of works due to execution of large number of works over and above the budgeted works. There are irregularities in accounting of deposits, misutilization of deposits and irregular discounting of bills,\" the report said.The CAG conducted performance review on the road and drain works in BBMP for 2008-09 to 2010-11 covering seven divisions of three zones (Bangalore East, Dasarahalli and RR Nagar) with an expenditure of Rs 642 crore. The zones and divisions were selected randomly.CAG observed that operational controls were not in place and the tendering process was vitiated. Tenders were manipulated, estimates were tampered with and funds siphoned off. \"Works were executed to benefit the contractors resulting in doubtful, wasteful, irregular and avoidable works. Monitoring and internal control mechanism was absent at all levels,\" it said.Except in emergencies, no work is to be taken up for execution other than works approved in programme of works. In contravention of the provision, the commissioner approved a large number of works without proper justification for assigning work codes including works proposed by elected representatives of legislative assembly, the report said.FILED ANIL/ CLEARED BY Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217131", "title": "Realty firm seeks non-forest tag for prime Mulund plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is considering the application of a construction firm to divert its prime property at Mulund from forest to non-forest area.Three months ago, Oberoi Realty Ltd made an application to the conservator of forests, Nagpur, to divert its 18-acre property on LBS Marg, Mulund, from forest to non-forest under the Forest Conservation Act (FCA). The firm had challenged the government's order applying private forest land tag to its plot. The Supreme Court had ruled that the firm would need to apply under the FCA if it wanted its land to be diverted.The department, which received the application recently, can recommend to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) that the plot be diverted. \"One of the conditions for diversion is to pay twice the net present value (NPV) of the land for afforestation,'' said Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary, revenue and forests.The land was bought by Oberoi Realty Ltd from Boroughs-Welcome. Sources said the realty firm is planning a residential project on the plot. The property is part of 1,000 acres marked private forest in Mulund. The other areas are in Thane, Mahul in the eastern suburbs and Goregaon to Borivli in the western suburbs. Residents and flat purchasers continue to face an uncertain future as the state government has demanded more money as NPV to regularize the flats.Pardeshi said unlike the realty firm that has to go through the procedure to divert forest land to non-forest use, the SC has already given flat-buyers the option of paying the NPV (which does not include land cost) and regularizing their flats.Prakash Paddikal, president, (HIRWA), said citizens were being unduly penalized. \"The state government has collected Rs 100 crore from all those affected and now wants more simply because it says our land adjoins a dense forest. The Sanjay Gandhi National Park is not dense forest,'' he said.Pardeshi said the government's decision to charge the NPV based on the description of the land as barren was questioned by the MoEF as these lands adjoin a dense forest. So, the state issued fresh notices demanding an additional 50% as NPV. While residents and builders had paid between Rs 6 psf to Rs 120 psf, they now have to pay a minimum of Rs 9 psf. Residents are now awaiting the Supreme Court's final verdict. The next court hearing is in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15220895", "title": "Gumla cooperative helps women stand on their feet", "text": "GUMLA: Till a few years ago, Sarita Devi, a tribal woman of Silam village in Gumla, had hardly any money to buy vegetables. Her labourer husband Kartik Oraon somehow managed to make the two ends meet for the family.But now the lives of Sarita and her family members have undergone a sea change. This became possible after the woman along with eight others like Phulmani Devi, Gohma Devi, Pariba Devi, Bolo Devi founded the Gumla Gramin Poultry Cooperative Society in 2002. Sumati Devi, the present president, presided over the recent annual general meeting of the cooperative.Sarita had remained the president of the state's largest cooperative society with 729 women members for the past four years till 2011 - a unique case of empowerment of rural women under a cooperative which has been financially supported by the government since 2003.\"Now I feel economically comfortable. Whatever be the prices of vegetables these days, I buy them which I found to be very difficult in the past,\" Sarita said. \"We are constructing our house which will cost over Rs 6 lakh. We also have an LPG cylinder for cooking and have also bought a new bike and have invested in five life insurances and our children also study in private English medium schools.\"She has her own poultry farm from which she earns over Rs 4,000 per month in addition to the benefit she gets from the society's annual profit as a shareholder. Her husband receives an average of Rs 84,000 as commission for supervising 45 poultry farms at the village.Sarita is not alone who has benefited herself from the cooperative. The standard of living and lifestyle of most of the members of this cooperative has gone up. These rural women now use cellular phones, watch TV and are educating their children in English medium schools besides saving some money for future too.Sitamuni Devi of Kondarkella village in Palkot block of the district, too, is now happy with her association with the cooperative. She said, \"Eight years ago, I used to sell at a minimum price of Rs 20 - Rs 22 per bundle firewood after collecting them from the forest. Today I am the head of my house because I support it. I feel very happy that I am now able to educate my children in school and am leading a much better life than the miserable past,\" she said.This cooperative with 15 members has grown manifold with more women joining it even as and its production is also expanding.The cooperative built its own feed production centre, water tanks and a godown when then DC Sunil Kumar provided Rs 25 lakh under Swarnajayanti Grameen Swarozgar Yojna (SGSY) in 2005.But the cooperative got its first financial support worth Rs 12. 53 lakh for construction of poultry sheds and godown, training and working capital in 2003 and then Rs 10 lakh for erecting 100 poultry sheds in 2005. In 2007, the micro social and economic organization on behalf of the State Tribal Welfare Commission (TWC) provided it Rs 9.95 lakh as working capital for the cooperative. Same year, it received Rs 25 lakh for construction of 125 poultry sheds under the Special SGSY from the Centre and more than Rs 14 lakh and Rs 9 lakh from the TWC in 2008 and in 2010 as working capital. Also, its members were supported from the DRDA under the SGSY, said DDC Punai Oraon.Now, the cooperative's turnover has reached Rs 14.96 crore a year and thanks to the regular endeavour of the rural women, it has set up its own office in Gumla. The salary of its chief executive officer who happens to be a veterinary doctor has gone up to Rs1.14 lakh per month from Rs 35,000, said its chief accountant Akhilesh Kumar Verma.The cooperative-run poultry sheds produce 8,000 kg of ready birds while its feed production centre produces 20 tonnes chick feed per day. It brings raw material for production of feed - especially maize from Bihar and Raipur , soya from Rajnandgaon in Chhattisgarh, Rewa in MP and Nagpur in Maharashtra and premix-15 % from Petarwar in Bokaro district, said its plant manager Bandhana Bilung.Sarita Devi was conferred with the Certificate of Excellence by the National Cooperative Development Corporation by Union minister of state for agriculture Arun Subhash Chandra Yadav in New Delhi in 2010 in the category of the women's better leadership in cooperative entrepreneurship.This poultry farms under the cooperative mode have been provided with expertise and knowledge of its general functioning by young professionals of an NGO. Now it has spread to 17 villages under Raidih, Palkot and Ghaghra blocks of the district, said Sumati Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15214941", "title": "Cyber cafes in Noida issued alert to take safety measures", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida police have issued an alert to all cyber cafes and buildings equipped with Wi-Fi to follow the rules drafted by the Union ministry of information and technology. Cyber cafes and offices using Wi-Fi will have to file compliance report with the police by the end of next week. If anybody is found violating the norms, a criminal case will be registered against them.Police said there is a constant threat of terrorists if cyber cafes and Wi-Fi hotspots do not take safety precautions. The Noida police have also written a letter to the Uttar Pradesh government asking to appoint a registration agency for cyber cafes. So far, such an agency does not exist even despite directions of the ministry of information and technology.\"Let alone terrorism, criminals are also using the internet on a large scale for committing cyber crimes. In all such cases, police cannot speed up the investigation as it fails to get details of internet users,\" said cyber crime DSP Triveni Singh.As per the rules, all states and union territories are supposed to develop a \" Licencing Agency\" to issue licences to cyber cafes for operation. A register has to be maintained by cyber cafes identifying those who use their computers. \"When a user does not give his/her identify to the satisfaction of the cyber cafe, he/she may be photographed using a web camera installed on one of the computers for establishing their identity. Such web camera photographs shall be part of the log register which may be maintained in physical or electronic form,\" the rules read.\"The rules also state that the computer clocks should be synchronized with the Indian Standard Time. Also, all computers should be equipped with the filtering software so as to the avoid access to websites relating to pornography, obscenity, terrorism and other objectionable materials,\" Triveni said, adding that an inspector is authorized to inspect cyber cafes and the computers at any time if they suspect a threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15226476", "title": "Man who beheaded Mayawati's statue arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three more persons, including the prime accused, were arrested in connection with vandalising of the statue of former Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati late on Friday night. With this, the total number of arrests in connection with the incident has gone up to six.The National president of a little-known outfit Uttar Pradesh Nava Nirman Sena, Amit Jaani, and his aide Rajendra Singh Chaudhary alias Ferrari were arrested from a mall on Delhi-UP border by UP special task force (STF), while the group's state president Qasim Chaudhary was arrested from Gomti Nagar area, IG Lucknow Asutosh Pandey said. Qasim was involved in the incident and his picture with helmet was taken, Pandey said.Meanwhile, the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes has sought a report from the UP government on the damage to a marble statue of Mayawati. The Commission took suo moto cognisance of the incident and sought a report from chief secretary and principal secretary, home. The chairperson of the commission, PL Punia, also a Congress MP from Barabanki, said that the offence was committed by people with anti-dalit mentality.Earlier, the damaged marble statue of Mayawati was replaced overnight with a new one at Ambedkar Park in Lucknow. The entire process was carried out on a war-footing under the supervision of senior officers. Since repair of the broken one was not possible and carving of new marble statue would have taken at least two months, the state government officials went on an overdrive and found an exact replica of the damaged statue and installed it.On Thursday morning, six unidentified miscreants had beheaded the marble statute of Mayawati. Amit Jani, the president of the UP Navnirman Sena, took responsibility of the act. He held a press conference before the incident. He said that the destruction of the statue was \"their way to express anger against the scams which took place under the Mayawati regime.\" Later, he went underground. Jani has seven criminal cases against him in police record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221072", "title": "Thieves target Saroj Doshi's family", "text": "INDORE: Barely a month after 52-year-old Saroj Doshi was murdered in White Church Colony by unidentified persons, thieves targeted the house yet again and stole the music system. Pradeep Doshi, husband of the deceased, has lodged a complaint with Sanyogitaganj police in which he has informed that his vehicle was parked outside the house. In the morning, when he came down, he found the glass of the vehicle broken and music system of the vehicle missing, said police. Acting on his complaint, police registered a case against unidentified accused under section 389 of the IPC.The broad daylight murder of the 52-year-old woman had created panic across the city. Even today the culprits are out of bounds for the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15221895", "title": "Dating rules passe, pick-up lines in", "text": "LONDON: The traditional dating rules are on their way out with more than 70% men and women in the US branding them as \"ridiculous\" while cheesy pick-up lines are becoming fashionable as 44% women admitted to liking them.A survey by an online dating site on its US users found that 73% of women and 71% of men labelled the traditional idea of waiting to follow up three days after a date \"ridiculous\" , the Daily Mail reported. Also at odds with the dating rules was the notion that one must feign popularity when asked on a last-minute date.Instead, an overwhelming 89% of men and 77% of women would go on a same-day date if available.The hard-to-get gameplan is not completely outmoded though. In fact, 41% men admitted to playing it cool. Over half of both sexes admitted to searching a potential date's name on Google or Facebook before meeting them. And contrary to popular belief, 44% of women admitted to liking the cheesy pick-up line approach. Texting appears to be on the way out. Over 75% said that they would prefer a phone call instead of a text.Jeannie Assimos, managing editor of the website's Advice Blog said the change in attitude is a symptom of a more digitally aware generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218311", "title": "Riding fun on two wheels by the lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT is all set to encourage cycling culture in the city. On UT's demand Chandigarh College of Architecture is ready with the design of track for cycles, which will be constructed at the new lake in Sector 42.The track is being constructed as kids in city have nowhere to learn cycling. The city has a Traffic Park, but people learning two-wheeler and four-wheeler keep it busy. While grounds in many other sectors have either been converted into green belts or have been handed over to private players and now schools have come up at such grounds. So this track is good news for all those parents who don'tThis 1500-feet track will have seven mounds, which are being constructed to make the ride adventurous. The highest mound on this 10-feet wide track is 10-feet tall and its diameter is 280 feet while the smallest one is 55 feet in diameter. The track will start from the lake's parking area opposite Dr Ambedakar Institute of Hotel Management and after various turns will end up in the same parking.A senior official of the administration said they have received drawings of the track and soon the construction work will start. The idea is to give a platform to kids to learn cycling and boost it as a part of the tourism. Along with tricycles bicycles can also ply said the official.Ramya Jain, a resident Sector 42 resident said it's a double delight for her as her child will get safe place to learn cycling and that too in their own sector.Amandeep Badhwal of Sector 43 said he goes with his child on the streets to teach him paddling skills as no space is left for cycling for such kids.\"I have been searching for a secure and place for my child to learn paddling but could not find one. It's a good initiative,\" said Gurjoot Singh of Sector 35. Resident of Sector 40 Rupinder Kaur said now she and her kid both can enjoy at the lake. She will do take while the kid would enjoy cycling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15228450", "title": "50-year-old woman killed in hit-and-run accident", "text": "MUMBAI: In a two separate incidents while a 50-year-old woman was killed in a hit and run incident in Wadala, in another incident a police constable was seriously injured when a unknown truck hit his motorcycle from behind at Jogeshwari Vikhroli link road on Friday.In the first incident housewife Vimla Devi Pandey who had gone to bring some grocery from the near by stores in BPT colony in Wadala when a tanker hit from killing her on the spot. The eye witnesses told police that Pandey came under the rear wheels of the tanker. The stomach was crushed and her entire body was in pool of blood. The member of public caught the tanker driver identified as Sadashiv Kadam and handed him to Wadala police. The Wadala police have arrested Kadam and send him for medical test to find out whether he was under the influence of alcohol. In another incident a police constable Govardhan Bhoye who was returning from home after his duty on his bike was hit by a unknown truck.Bhoye is attacked to Vikhroli traffic division.The incident took place on late Friday night and another police constable Suresh Avhad who was on his way immediately rushed Bhoye to Fortis hospital in Mulund where he is recuperating. The Vikhroli police has registered a case of hit and run. Police said Bhoye's condition is criitical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15221602", "title": "Bandra (W), Andheri, Powai most affected by H1N1 this year", "text": "The incidence of H1N1 in the city this monsoon has been as peculiar as the behaviour of the virus itself. After lying dormant for whole of 2011, the virus came back in circulation in March and peaked in July with 116 cases. However, experts are debating whether to term it the resurgence of the virus or write it off as harmless seasonal flu.This year between March and July, 178 people tested positive for H1N1, out of which 116 cases were in July itself. Interestingly, the incidence is clearly driven by testing of patients mostly from affluent pockets of the city. Most of the samples have tested positive in private laboratories, where the test costs about Rs 4,500. The laboratories at Kasturba Hospital and Haffkine Research Institute, where the testing is done for free, have been doing it only for a miniscule percentage of the samples.A senior physician from Kasturba Hospital said there is definitely some increase in cases, but given the strange pattern of testing it is difficult to gauge if there is an overall increase in the incidence. Civic data too reveals the same. About 96% of the positive cases in the city have come from affluent pockets.BMC's epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare said, \"This year most of the cases have come from areas like Bandra (west), Andheri, Powai, Bhandup and Goregaon\" . For instance , out of six people who tested positive on Friday, three were from Bandra, Mahim and Santa Cruz.A 32-year-old man from Kanjurmarg and a 70-year-old man from Vikhroli were also affected by the virus. About 31 people each from HWest (Bandra, Khar and Santa Cruz) and S (Bhandup, Powai, Vikhroli) wards have tested positive in the month of July. These areas have remained the highest in the count of positive cases.But does it mean the virus is absent in other pockets of the city? \"The answer is no,\" said the physician from Kasturba Hospital. \"The only difference is testing is restricted to patients with right indications, unlike in private set-ups where all and sundry could be going for it,\" the doctor said.State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said 13-15 % of those who were underwent testing have come positive. Statewide, 436 people tested positive between April and July this year. \"The incidence is no doubt more than last year but not as much as during the pandemic in 2009. Physician Dr Akil Contractor said testing did not have any bearing on patients. \"But patients sometimes get panicky. So we have to recommend testing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218666", "title": "Forest dept to geo-tag all plantations", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major decision that could enhance artificial regeneration of forests, the state government has decided to geo-tag all its plantations. This will help check irregularities by field staff while carrying out plantation works.TOI had recently done a series of stories exposing how forest officials in several ranges in Nagpur, Gondia and Bhandara district under the Nagpur Circle misappropriated government funds by falsifying artificial and natural regeneration works.State principal secretary for forests Praveen Pardeshi told TOI that a committee set up to probe the irregularities is yet to submit its final report. He promised that guilty officials will not be spared.\"Last year's (2011-12) and from the current year, all plantations in the entire state will be geo-tagged and images of the plantations will be uploaded on the official website of the forest department. It will help us to evaluate the work better,\" Pardeshi told TOI.He was here on Friday to review projects and works on many issues.Geo-tagging will given exact geographical location of the works being done by assigning at least a latitude and longitude reading to the image with the help of global positioning system (GPS) equipment. This will allow easy search and retrieval of locations and photographs of particular spots.\"We've also enhanced the plantation target from 3 crore last year to 7.9 crore this year. This will be a part of the 100 crore plantation programme,\" Pardeshi said. However, owing to technical reasons, the state has scaled down this year's target to 30 crore plantations.Pardeshi further said all forest land records in the state have been digitized. \"This would help to identify every single piece of forest land,\" he said.When asked to comment on the recent Supreme Court decision on tourism ban in core areas of tiger reserves, Pardeshi admitted that there were practical problems. \"Let's wait for the final order,\" he said.On the notification of buffer zone of Sahyadri tiger reserve, Pardeshi revealed that August 10 has been set as deadline to notify the buffer zone. Tentatively, the tiger reserve and its buffer area would encompass around 1,400 sq km.Regarding eco-sensitive zones (ESZs), Pardeshi said a deadline of two months has been set for the committees to prepare proposals for ESZs around all 43 protected areas (PAs) in the state. He also confirmed that biogas and cooking gas would be supplied at a subsidized rates to villages to encourage plantations and protection of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15221020", "title": "Chak de! Kodagu holds 3 hockey aces at London", "text": "MADIKERI: The picturesque plantation district of Kodagu has three stick-wielding aces - V R Raghunath, S V Sunil and S K Uthappa - representing India in the men's field hockey competition at the London Olympics.The coffee-growing outback with an area of 4,102 sqkm nestled in the Western Ghats is often celebrated as the cradle of Indian hockey. Among the more recognised of players from this region to have got Olympian status are MP Ganesh and BP Govinda, who played in the terrorist-hit 1972 Games in Munich. Govinda appeared on the Olympic stage for a second time four years later in Montreal. MM Somaya played for India in 1980 and 1984 before leading the team in Seoul in 1988 when B K Subramani was also in the mix.There are two other Kodavas in the fray at the London Games this time - big-serving Rohan Bopanna and badminton's glamour girl Ashwini Ponnappa. However, it is the hockey players who have long held a special place in the hearts of Indian sporting fans, even if the public wakes up to the magic of the sport once every four years.S V Suresh has been the guiding force behind younger brother Sunil ever since their parents passed away. The older sibling is overjoyed that the Madikeri boy will be donning the India colours in UK.The 27-year-old drag-flicker Raghunath is the son of Vokkaligara Ramachandra, a native of Hathur near Gonikoppal. Raghunath, religious in routine, has been playing the game since he was nine . Sannuvanda Neeraja andVasanth Kushalappa the parents of Uthappa are natives of Hebbale Bevarapura in the southern part of the district.In all there are five players from the state in the Indian side with Ignace Tirkey and captain and custodian Bharath Chetri completing the line-up.Olympian A B Subbaiah applauded Hockey India (HI) in recognizing the merit of the players. \"Hockey Karnataka came forward to encourage and support the competent players. HI selected 32 players for honorary remuneration. Seven of those players are from Kodagu. That's good for us,\" he said.Pandanda Kuttappa is the founder president of the Kodava Cup, a hockey festival for families which sees a couple of hundred teams from the area compete each summer for a three-week period. The event was started in 1997, for the 850 families of the community. There's no age or sex bar for the competition, which has a large number of mixed-gender teams in the fray. Kuttappa said the tournament was a grooming ground for young talent.In London, the eight-time Olympic gold medalists will start their campaign against the Netherlands on July 30. India are in Pool B along with Germany, Korea, New Zealand, Belgium and Netherlands. The matches will be played at the attractive setting of the Riverbank Arena. India will watch, and Kodagu will cheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219792", "title": "Efforts on to secure bail for IFS officer in US", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Efforts were on to secure bail for Surendra Prasad Mohapatra, a senior Indian Forest Service officer from Odisha, currently in police custody in the US for alleged wrongful confinement of a female employee of a hotel where he was staying, official sources said on Friday.\"Two senior officers of the central government are coordinating with lawyers and other authorities in the US to get Mohapatra out on bail,\" Odisha principal chief conservator of forests P N Padhi said. \"I had contacted the officers concerned and they told me that Mohapatra was yet to get bail but they are trying to see what can be done,\" he told TOI.Official sources here said going by American judicial system, Mohapatra could be required to appear before a judge there on August 1 in connection with the allegations made by a women staff of the hotel where he was put up.Mohapatra (52), the regional chief conservator of forests, Sambalpur, was on a mid-career training programme to Syracuse University , New York, along with batch over 30 other officers. American Police arrested him on Wednesday following a complaint by a woman employee of the hotel.However, Mohapatra's wife Seema and some colleagues, who had contacted him, said Mohapatra had told them that he had got irritated with the woman who had come to his room to fix an Internet connectivity problem but failed to do so. \"My husband told me that the woman could not fix the Net problem, for which he told her something in an irritated manner. The woman apparently lodged a complaint and police arrested him,\" Seema had said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15216449", "title": "Wait for green nod to delay Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link?", "text": "MUMBAI: The wait for the already delayed Mumbai Trans-harbour Link ( MTHL) looks set to get longer.Speculation is rife that the construction of the ambitious channel, which was set to make travel between Mumbai and Navi Mumbai faster by a half-hour, may be delayed even beyond the five-year deadline starting from the end of this year.The national green tribunal (NGT) on Tuesday asked the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which will build the 22-km sea link, not to start construction before obtaining a fresh environmental clearance (EC). On expiry of the earlier EC in 2010, which the state had applied for in 1997 and received in 2005, the MMRDA has not started the process afresh. It allegedly failed to reapply for it a year before expiry. Experts said that the fresh process, which is underway, may change the profile of the project because the link will have to be designed considering latest amendments to the environment protection Act and conditions put forth by the environment ministries.The Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) has already put certain conditions such as: the structure and construction work should not affect tidal flow of water, no reclamation is allowed even for landing areas in the CRZ I, II, III and IV areas, and the land link will have to be in the form of a bridge up to non-CRZ areas. \"The MMRDA will have to replant five times the number of mangroves cut or destroyed during the construction, which it claims to have already started doing in Gavan village. Also, there shouldn't be any steps that may affect the natural route of migratory birds to the Sewri mudflats. For construction in manroves and wetland areas, the MMRDA will have to obtain the high court and forest department's permissions separately after assessment of damage to flora and fauna,\" said sources.\"In view of the said submissions, the present application is disposed of with a direction that the project proponent shall not make any construction without obtaining EC from the competent authority. The application for granting de novo EC be disposed of in consonance of law expeditiously, if the same is pending,\" the tribunal comprising Justice A S Naidu and Dr R Nagendran said in its order dated July 24. Activist Dileep Nevatia had challenged MMRDA's decision to go ahead with the construction process without obtaining EC from the tribunal.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said, \"This will not delay the bridge because we are already in the process of obtaining clearances. The petitioner wrongly stated we were using old clearances. We already have MCZMA clearances and the case was with the MoEF.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219909", "title": "Prakash Karat criticizes VS Achuthanandan for not tendering apology", "text": "KOCHI: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat criticized V S Achuthanandan for not tendering a public apology for his statements against party state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, as well as for visiting T P Chandrasekharan's house on the day of Neyyattinkara bypoll.The central committee of the party had asked VS to tender apology for his shortcomings in public. Karat was giving a brief account of the decisions taken at the recently-held party central committee and state committee meetings at the central regional reporting in Kochi on Friday.Karat said the issues, including that of Lavalin, raised by Achuthanandan had been discussed at length earlier and that it was now a closed chapter. As of now, there isn't any need to re-open these issues, he said. VS's argument that rightist deviation was growing day by day too had been turned down by the central committee, Karat said.Giving the reasons that had led to the public censure of VS, Karat said Achuthanandan had crossed the line of discipline on certain occasions. The stand adopted by VS in issues like T P Chandrasekharan murder has put the party on the defensive. The act of a prominent leader like VS visiting T P Chandrasekharan's house on the day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll is an unforgivable mistake. Calling the party secretary Dange can also be seen as another misdeed on the part of VS, Karat said.Karat informed the meeting that the central committee had asked the state committee to take disciplinary action against former party Idukki district secretary M M Mani. The party should stand united against attack on it on issues like TP murder, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220390", "title": "Rang Mandal set to rejuvenate Ahmedabad stage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The decades-old Rang Mandal theatre in the city is getting a makeover and three interesting productions will be celebrating it over the weekend. Neo Rang, the festival that aims to bring in new colours for Rang Mandal, wants to rev up the theatre scene in Amdavad again.The three day festival is a part of Mission rejuvenation, an endeavour to get Rang Mandal back on track as the pulse of theatre in Gujarat. The premise, that was used to mobilize the youth during the freedom struggle days back in the 1940s, feels the need to do so again. \"Some of the best names of Gujarati theatre have started their journey with us. We want to allow amateurs to dream big in theatre once again,\" says Kabir Arunbhai Thakore, theatre personality cum architect and also the son of one of the founders, Arunbhai Thakore.The three plays to be showcased are all different in their treatment. Starting with Raju Bard's folk based musical Saiya bhaye kotavala on Friday night, the festival will go on to a play reading of Aditi Desai's Akupara and finally, come to a close with Fanatika's play of the season, Dakhla Tarike, a play on contemporary theatre and issues that plague the youth who want to take this up as a career.Rang Mandal doesn't plan to stop just there, with movie clubs and discussion forums being planned on every Tuesdays. \"The movie club will be aiming at making the Amdavadi youth more aware of world cinema while the discussion forum will be called Rang mangal. We will have the best of names in theatre come and give lectures, tips, suggestions to the youngsters passionate about theatre,\" says Thakore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15219832", "title": "Margao municipal council seizes goods at Gandhi market", "text": "MARGAO: Margao municipal council (MMC) continued its anti-encroachment drive on Friday and after inspecting the new market area and the area behind Konkan railway tracks in Aquem, it cleared out encroachments in Gandhi market, confiscating goods and vegetables found encroaching on public space.Unlike the previous two raids where goods above 1 lakh were confiscated, goods worth 4,000 were confiscated on Friday. After an encroachment drive carried out in Gandhi market last month, the MMC was at the receiving end of a furious backlash led by former minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar, who gheraoed chairperson Arthur D'Silva and the then chief officer J B Bhingui, alleging that only a certain section of vendors were being targeted.Both D'Silva and MMC vice chairperson Pratima Coutinho had denied the allegations and stated that they were only carrying out their duties while pointing out that the passage for pedestrians at the Gandhi market was barely visible due to the heavy presence of encroachments.However, MMC market inspectors said that they were carrying out the raids under the strict instructions from the new chief officer, Srinet Kotwale, who had made it clear that the market inspectors had to be very thorough in their work or they would be liable to face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220385", "title": "Inquiry ordered against 3 cops for thrashing domestic help", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police on Friday registered a non-cognizable offence against three cops, including two lady constables, for allegedly thrashing a domestic help and her husband on suspicion of their involvement in a theft.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makarand Ranade has initiated a departmental inquiry in the case. Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan division) Kalyankumar Lavange will conduct the inquiry.Medha Thatte, general secretary of Pune City Molkarin Sanghtana, an organisation of domestic helps, told TOI that on Wednesday two women constables picked up the domestic help, a resident of Wadarwadi, and her husband suspecting them of the theft in a flat on Bhandarkar Road. Police took the action after a resident of the society expressed suspicion about the maid's hand in the theft. \"The help never worked in that flat. Her husband worked as a security guard in the society,\" Thatte said.\"The woman constables beat her up and asked her to remove her clothes for search, while the constable at the station thrashed her husband,\" said Thatte.\"What was the logic behind bringing the woman to the police station two days after the theft and asking her to take her clothes off for body search? We want the police department to book them under cognizable offence that is under section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Thatte said.Assistant commissioner of police Lavange said, \"I will submit a detailed report of the case in two to three days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15221298", "title": "Acid tanker kills three in Ujjain", "text": "UJJAIN: In a freak accident three persons were charred to death when a tanker loaded with acid fell on them at around 9.30 am at Chintaman crossing on Barnagar by-pass in Ujjain. All the three were heading to Barwah to attend the funeral of their relative.According to Nilganga TI Ajay Jain, Gokul Singh, 23, was riding a motorcycle with his sister Laxmi, 21 and grandmother Kamlabai, 65, as pillion passengers. Suddenly a tanker loaded with acid, and moving in the same direction, careened along the edge of the road at Chintaman Marg. This resulted in the vehicle losing its control, and all the three deceased came under it. Huge quantity of acid was spilled all around.\"So concentrated was the acid that all the three died on the spot,\" said the TI, adding that the bodies which were buried under the tanker were removed with the help of a crane. The witnesses said that it was a gory sight with mangled steel of vehicle getting entwined with their flesh. The acid had spilled all over the road, and had even seeped into the nearby agriculture fields and river Kshipra. The driver of the tanker fled from the spot after the accident.Bystanders said the stretch of road on Barnagar bypass is in bad shape and accident prone. The cops have seized the vehicle and launched a hunt to nab the driver of the tanker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15229239", "title": "Kayani's aide appointed as Pak's new defence secretary", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Lt Gen (retired) Asif Yasin Malik, a close aide of army chief Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani, has been appointed as Pakistan's new defence secretary.Malik is a former commander of the Peshawar-based XI Corps and did a stint in the Inter-Services Intelligence when the spy agency was headed by Kayani.He replaces top bureaucrat Nargis Sethi, who was given additional charge as defence secretary in January after former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani sacked the previous incumbent, Lt Gen (retired) Khalid Naeem Lodhi, during a standoff with the army.At the height of the tensions between the government and the army over a mysterious memo sent to the US about averting a possible coup in Pakistan, Gilani had sacked Lodhi for \"gross misconduct and illegal action\".Sethi, who was considered to be very close to Gilani, was then made the defence secretary.She will continue to hold the post of cabinet secretary. A retired officer from the powerful army has traditionally held the post of defence secretary and media reports had suggested that Sethi did not get complete cooperation from the military.A formal notification about Malik's appointment was issued on Friday.Malik retired from active service last December and his last sting was as commander of the Peshawar-based corps that is engaged in counter-insurgency operations in the restive northwest.Malik, who has attended training courses in American institutions, is expected to sign a bilateral memorandum of understanding with the US next week to cover the transportation of supplies to foreign forces in Afghanistan.The MoU was approved by the cabinet this week. In another key appointment announced by the government on Friday, information group officer Shafqat Jalil was made press secretary to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf.He replaced Akram Shaheedi, who was appointed by Gilani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219592", "title": "Museums in the country to be more interactive", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to make Indian museums more interactive and lively, the ministry of culture, government of India, has initiated training programmes for the museum staff at some world renowned centres and museums. First batch of 20 has just returned from training at the Victoria and Albert Museum at London and the second batch of 20 will be going to the Art Museum at Chicago .Secretary of culture, government of India, Sangita Gairola told reporters on Friday that this training would help museum keepers enhance their skills in use of modern methods of maintaining museums. Conservation, documentation and display of materials in a museum hold the key to acceptance by the public and museums must be converted into places of interactive learning rather than passive exhibition as they were now, she said.Gairola was in city to inaugurate the renovated Zonal Anthropological Museum of Anthropological Survey of India (AnSI) in Seminary Hills. She informed that the department had submitted proposals for development of expertise and resources for various states to the union ministry of culture as state governments were expected to get clearance under the XII plan. She also stressed on the need of digitization of information.Impressed by the anthropological museum in city, she suggested it could be converted into a popular place of visit by school and college students if it introduced an 'audio-tour' system with the exhibits. It will help the visitors assimilate information in much better manner than just looking at the exhibits passively. She also suggested creation of special kiosks for better learning of culture and making the museum more vibrant. Earlier, after inaugurating the museum, Gairola said Indian culture was the glue that kept various sub-cultures in the country bound to each other and present a united face to the world.Prof K K Mishra, director of AnSI, deliberated on three important aspects of the anthropological museum that displayed the origin, evolution and diversification of human origin. The study of mitochondrial DNA in recent past, he said, had revealed many new facts especially from certain findings in Narmada basin that are over 5-7 lakh years old. Since the museum was housed in a over 100-year-old heritage building, AnSI was committed to maintain the building as well as the museum, he said.Museum curator Sanjay Shukla took Gairola around the museum and explained the origin and evolution of man and other exhibits depicting various cultures in Central India. The zonal museum covers Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Goa. Suresh Patil, deputy director of regional AnSI in city, elaborated on the museum. The museum has different galleries on hunting and gathering, fishing and agriculture implements, clothes, musical instruments, art and religion, folk paintings etc besides the origin and evolution of man.ASI site museum at ChandrapurThe Archeological Survey of India (ASI) will be setting up a 'site museum' in Chandrapur. Archeological superintendent Mahadevaiah from Aurangabad, who was also in city to attend the AnSI museum function, told TOI that to begin with the centre had given a nod for a 'culture shed' in Chandrapur which would be later upgraded into a museum. Chandrapur has a glorious history and abundant sculptures which could be put on display in the museum, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15219921", "title": "'Will decide how to regularize 1,800 workers'", "text": "PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said that the government will decide how to regularize around 1,800 contract worker in the water and sewerage departments who have been working for the last five to ten years. \"The government will take a policy decision within 15 days,\" he said.He also said that the contract workers who were employed for operation and maintenance work, and have completed more the five years, would be regularized. \"Those who have recently joined as contract labour will not benefit,\" he stressed.Free helmets for pilots: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar directed transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar to provide free helmets to motorcycle pilot for themselves as well as their pillion riders, as legally, the government cannot stop pillion riders from wearing helmets. \"Give the pilot a free helmet once a year and provide two helmets per year for pillion riders hiring the pilot,\" Parrikar said.Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar, during the zero hour, said that the compulsory helmet rule would provide hardships for pillion riders, as they would not like to wear helmets used by other persons. Dhavalikar said as per the Act, the pillion rider has to wear a helmet, and also said that \"we can delay the implementation, but it cannot solve the issue\". Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane said that the implementation of the helmet rule should be strictly enforced in the state because it is a life-saver.Wagh to head Marathi academy probe: The government has decided to constitute a house committee under the chairmanship of St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh to conduct an administrative inquiry into the functioning of the Gomantak Marathi academy, and submit the recommendation to the government. Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar said that despite sufficient grants by the government, the academy does not pay their employees their salaries regularly. He also said that this academy is run by selected people and it needs to be revamped, and thus the house committee headed by Wagh. The member secretary would be the director of the directorate of official languages.Sardesai moves bill: A private member's bill tabled by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai seeking to empower the state election commission to undertake delimitation of wards and also reservation of wards of panchayats (instead of village panchayats doing it), was introduced in the Goa assembly on Friday. He said that in terms of section 7 of the Goa panchayat Raj Act, the power of fixation and reservation of wards is with the director of panchayats, and thus called for an amendment to the Goa Panchayati raj Act.Soon, a beautiful Aravalem: The government on Friday assured the Goa assembly that beautification would be carried out at the Aravalem waterfalls site and that desiltation of the nullahs leading to the waterfalls would be undertaken soon. Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant ,in his private member's resolution, had urged the government to pay attention to Aravalem not just because it is a well known waterfall but also because of its religious and archaeological significance. Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar assured Sawant that the government would undertake beautification of the place while water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar said that the work of desilting the nullah would be undertaken soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15222070", "title": "Ex-Chinese official gets 17 yrs\u2019 jail for corruption", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese court on Friday sentenced Zhang Jingli , the former deputy chief of State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA), to 17 years in jail for taking bribes and living an \"indecent life\" . The government used the occasion to release details of its anti-corruption programme showing how the campaign is being used for image dressing ahead of the leadership changes this year. It said 600,000 government employees were punished for corruption since the 17th National Congress of Communist Party of China in 2007. This is the second major case against the drug watchdog since its former chief, Zheng Xiaoyu, was executed in 2007 for taking bribes to approve faulty medicines. But that did not check the trend in the organization, which commands massive clout in the food and drug industry. The case against Zhang, the former deputy chief, may have been caused due to severe infighting within the SFDA. Prosecutors said that Zhang had forced his subordinates to send 1,300 letters containing \"false accusations\" against his boss to central authorities . Police also found videos with showing \"steamy scenes\" involving Zhang during a raid in 2010 in a Beijing nightclub called 'Heaven on Earth' ,\" the state media quoted official sources as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221070", "title": "Only High Court can decide the fate of MLAs now: advocate Mathur", "text": "INDORE: In the present scenario, legislative assembly does not have constitutional and legal authority to revoke termination of the two Congress party MLAs. Even if assembly revokes the termination of membership of MLAs, the seats will remain vacant and it will further complicate the matter. The speaker has no right to restore the MLAs in their respective constituencies after the EC declares the seat vacant. If they do so by passing another resolution, then it will be illegal.Now, the matter can be decided only by the High Court. The membership of the Congress MLAs can be restored only if HC terms the resolution passed to terminate their membership illegal on the ground that the MLAs were not given chance to put forth their views.The Assembly has passed the resolution for termination of membership and sent it to Election Commission . The EC accepted the recommendation and declared seat vacant. Once the seat is declared vacant by EC, no resolution either of EC or of assembly can revoke it. The speaker of assembly does not have the legal rights to fill any seat, which was vacant after the termination of the membership of MLAs. However, he said that the Governor has constitutionally empowered to conduct the assembly session.(Adv Anand Mohan Mathur, constitutional expert)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15216361", "title": "\u2018Banned\u2019 firm continues work on potholes in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Weeks after the BMC announced that the patchmaker technology, one of the three technologies used for pothole repairs, had been dropped, TOI has learnt that the civic body has asked the suppliers of the technology to continue work in south Mumbai, Bandra, Khar and Chembur. While the technology is being closely monitored in south Mumbai, the suppliers, Shaunak Infrastructure, maintain that their work has lasted after some changes were made to the product.Roads department officials confirmed that the technology hasn't been dropped but is being monitored. It is also learnt that civic chief Sitaram Kunte is closely following the work done by the technology provider. \"We aren't discontinuing the firm's services. They have made some changes in their product and we have been getting good reviews. We are monitoring their work in some areas in south Mumbai,\" said a roads department official.Shaunak Infrastructure officials maintained that they had made some changes to the adhesive doses required for the product. \"We met BMC officials and asked them to review the changes made. They approved of the changes and we have been allowed to continue in the areas that we had been assigned earlier, with the rider that our work would be reviewed. No final word regarding the review has come from the BMC,\" an official from the firm said.After TOI reported that the work done by the firm and its contractor did not last after light rains, the BMC pulled up the technology supplier and gave them a 14-day deadline to pull up their socks. Not happy with the firm's work, the BMC had planned to shunt it out and was contemplating floating tenders for the work that was supposed to be done by the firm.However, with this development, it is unlikely that all the announcements made earlier would be followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15215077", "title": "Dasna jail inmates turn into a well-read lot", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Nupur Talwar isn't the only in Dasna Jail who reads. When asked what authors they wanted to read, the inmates of the jail in Ghaziabad promptly answered Shakespeare, Beckett and Premchand.A private management institute based in Noida has set up a massive library in Dasna Jail for the inmates, which has over 4,000 titles, after conducting a survey of what books they want.The library was set up after a survey was conducted among the inmates to assess their reading interests. \"A survey was conducted wherein the inmates where asked about their reading interests and what authors they wanted to read. Fiction was the most popular genre. Shakespeare and Beckett were popular English authors that the inmates wanted to read, while requests were also made for fiction writers in Hindi such as Premchand and Mahadevi Varma,\" said a jail official.The library was set up by students of Birla Institute of Management Technology (BIMTECH), Noida as an extension of their social initiative. \"We had been setting up libraries in rural areas across India, but this is our first such project in a jail. The response has been overwhelming and the library is very well stocked and has been tailor made to the requirements of the inmates,\" said Dr Rishi Tiwari, head librarian of the institute.The jail is maintained by prison inmates, who have been specially trained for the purpose and take rounds of all the barracks to collect paper slips from the prisoners that have the details of the books they'd like to read. These inmates then deliver the books to the other inmates. Dasna Jail SP, Viresh Raj Sharma, said that along with the development of the prisoners, the library was also helping in the administrative difficulties of the jail. \"The library has had a very good response and has solved a large number of our problems with regard to the routine of the inmates,\" he said.Jail officials said that the library has made the overall atmosphere more peaceful. \"Earlier a lot of idle time would lead to fights between the inmates, this has stopped. Now instead of fighting, they read Premchand,\" said a jail official.The library is housed in a massive hall and has been decorated by paintings painted by the inmates and has become a very popular destination of the inmates. \"Reading has gone up by almost 30%. The library has books which they wanted to read and which interest them,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15217574", "title": "Rahul Gandhi\u2019s proteges promoted as he gears up for big leap", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may be a while before Rahul Gandhi moves in as the general, but his troops are already been moved to take charge.Four Youth Congress members, all known to be Rahul's wards, have been elevated to the party's state units, and are in line for important posts. The graduation from youth members to leadership positions in the big league coincides with Rahul's impending move as the de facto Congress numero uno.Sources said Baptu Chakraborty, Amarendra Singh Raja, Paresh Dhanani and Jothimani \u2014 general secretaries in the Youth Congress \u2014 are set to branch out to mainstream state units. Chakraborty, Raja and Dhanani will be general secretaries in Tripura, Punjab and Gujarat, respectively. Jothimani will be the new president of Mahila Congress in Tamil Nadu.Rahul's baba brigade set to replace old guard?This is the first instance of Rahul Gandhi's charges taking responsibility in the main Congress and comes at a time when the demand for him to take the party reins is gathering momentum. On Friday, Kerala party chief Ramesh Chennithala demanded the heir-apparent be designated V-P of the party.Congress circles see the elevation of the young leaders as a precursor to what might unspool later, with Rahul's proteges taking charge of crucial stations in the party, perhaps at the old guard's expense.To observers, this is seen as absorption of apprentices from the \"training school\". The process could become institutionalized in future once Rahul calls the shots in the AICC.Rahul has a legion of such workers, whom he groomed after taking charge of the youth outfit as AICC general secretary. They caught his eye as he tried to reinvent the jaded frontal bodies.The shift to the mother outfit marks the mainstreaming of Youth Congress which remained walled off under Rahul, because of the belief that attempts to reinvent the outfits could be hampered by the influence of the older guard resistant to change. \"It means empowerment of youth. It also shows that youth politics is not an end in itself but part of the larger Congress programme,\" a senior leader said.Youth Congress's attempt to acquire an independent profile had made the party elite jittery. The election of its office-bearers gave a halo to the winners, and it raised fear among senior leaders that the youngsters could replace them soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15220678", "title": "Special Investigation Team questions Amar Jyoti Kalita", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Special Investigation Team (SIT) is busy interrogating Amar Jyoti Kalita, the prime accused in the GS G S Road molestation incident, a day after he was sent to 5-day police custody.Though the SIT didn't reveal anything about his quizzing, it took the victim girl and her accompanying friend to Guwahati Central Jail on Friday for an \"identification parade\" to identify the ones who misbehaved with her on July 9.\"We arrange a crowd with similar looks, height or physical structure in which the accused are also kept. The victim or the witnesses have to identify the real culprit from the crowd. It's done mostly in crimes related to mob,\" said a SIT source.The SIT has called a total of eight persons to identify the culprits on Friday, including Mukul Kalita, the veteran scribe who saved the girl that night, and policemen present on the location. \"Everyone has identified one or the other of the culprits. The girl, too, has done it. But we can't disclose more,\" added the official.So far, the SIT has succeeded to arrest 15 accused in the case, including a TV scribe, out of which 13 have already been sent to jail. The SIT is yet to arrest another accused Sikandar Basfor, a worker of Gauhati Medical College Hospital and a resident of horizon colony of Indrapur area here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15226577", "title": "Ravi Teja to shoot in Italy", "text": "'Mass Raja' Ravi Teja and his team would leave to Italy for a 5 days schedule from July 29 for his upcoming film \"Sar Vaccharu\". The film recently completed Ooty schedule where the unit shot important scenes and a song on Ravi Teja and Richa. The film also shot few romantic scenes on Ravi Teja and Kajal Aggarwal in an airport set at Ramoji Film City.Parasuram of 'Anjaneyulu' fame is directing the movie billed as a romantic entertainer loaded with all commercial elements. Devi Sri Prasad has been roped in to score the music for the film, in the production of Ashwini Dutt on Vyjayanthi Movies banner. Cinematography is by Vijay K Chakravarthy and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao is the Editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15217784", "title": "NRI tycoon sells Prabhadevi mill stake, pockets Rs 450cr", "text": "NRI tycoon C Sivasankaran has sold his 50% stake in the 5.3-acre Hindoostan Mills opposite Siddhivinayak Temple at Prabhadevi for almost Rs 450 crore. Developer Hubtown (erstwhile Ackruti City ) and financial investor Red Fort Capital, who had the remaining stake, purchased Sivasankaran's share.Serial entrepreneur Sivasankaran, known for his close proximity to several industrialists, picked up DLF's 50% stake in the property for Rs 310 crore in 2009. There were several bidders like Runwal Developers for Siva's share but Hubtown and Red Fort had the right of first refusal, which they exercised to clinch the deal.\"The transaction for sale of 50% stake has been completed, valuing the enterprise at Rs 900 crore,\" sources said, adding that the buyer was keen to develop the property. Officials at Siva Ventures, the flagship enterprise of Sivasankaran, refused to comment on the deal. Red Fort Capital and Hubtown officials did not respond despite repeated attempts.The defunct mill owned by the Thackersey family was purchased by Hubtown and DLF jointly in 2007 for Rs 350 crore. The 5.3-acre plot has a development potential of 2 million sq ft. Hubtown is currently awaiting approvals for plans submitted to construct an over 60-storey five-star hotel on the plot located within coastal regulation zone-1.Among the large recent real estate deals, Lodha Developers had purchased 22.5 acres in Wadala from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority. That transaction pegged per acre valuation at Rs 180.13 crore. The latest deal of Sivasankaran values land in Prabhadevi at Rs 169.81 crore per acre.Sivasankaran is known to invest in assets, build them and exit with great valuations. Of late, he is seen exiting real estate assets, the biggest being sale of his 49% stake in the Sahara Group's Aamby Valley for about Rs 2,400 crore in 2010.Sivasankaran made it big on the business scene in India when he sold his 2G telecom licence to Essar and bought and sold stakes in Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank and cafe chain Barista. His mobile telephone company Aircel was also sold to Malaysia's Maxis Communications .(With inputs from Rajshree Mehta in Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218359", "title": "Sonia wants more women participation in MNREGS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Winding up her two-day visit to Rae Bareli, Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Friday pushed for better implementation of flagship UPA schemes in her parliamentary constituency, while chairing the review meeting of the development projects.Taking up the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, among others, Gandhi stressed on the need to increase the participation of women and physically challenged persons in MNREGS. She also met representatives of the district Congress committee, NSUI, Youth Congress, Seva Dal, Mahila Congress and PCC members representing Rae Bareli late on Thursday evening to get complete feedback on the status of the developmental programmes in her constituency.On Friday morning, the UPA chairperson also met a gathering of more than 800 persons, comprising party workers and residents of the district, where she heard their grievances and put to rest all speculations about her decision to switch constituencies, after Congress lost all the five assembly seats in Rae Bareli during the 2012 elections.Gandhi also reiterated her commitment to work for the development of Rae Bareli. Confirming that the Congress workers and residents had had a long and fruitful meeting with the party president, city Congress in-charge of Rae Bareli, Raghavendra Pratap Singh, said, \"Soniaji had been unable to visit because of her illness. People were happy to see her after prolonged absence. Now she has recovered, the people of Rae Bareli also asked her to visit more often, and give them special time slots to meet her even in Delhi.\"Meeting the public and party workers for over three hours on Friday morning, the Congress president, sources said, also discussed changes in the pipeline for the party's organisation, which have been planned by the party's central command. A senior Congress leader said, \"The change in leadership is not the issue; that is incidental and necessary. What Congress needs is a change in the way the party system works. This change in organisation will be a step towards that.\" Following the change in the party functioning, a local leader said, focus will shift to addressing local issues where local leadership understands and attends to these grievances. It will be a step to build the party's grass-root level network.''In Rae Bareli, regarded as the Gandhi pocket borough, local issues like poor distribution of electricity, irrigation facilities and timely availability of fertilisers have been core issues, a local worker said. Local workers said they were hoping that the change in party organisation would change the top-down approach to a 'two-way traffic'.On Thursday, Sonia also laid the foundation stone of a four-lane Lucknow-Rae Bareli section of a 70-km road and two-lane Rae Bareli-Allahabad section of the 106 km National Highway-24B. She also announced that a Kendriya Vidyalaya would be set up in Rae Bareli's Bachchrawan area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219384", "title": "Two bogus addresses used to seek admission under RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: The first ever meeting between schools and parents on RTE mediated by the education department ended in a technical deadlock on Friday, but not without exposing some tricks used by parents to seek admissions under the 25% free quota. District Right to Education (RTE) in-charge Someshwar Netam met with parents who had filed complaints against schools over non-compliance of the act.TOI was the first to report on the formation of a special team to inspect schools and act on complaints by parents regarding RTE. The team had received 27 complaints, and on Friday, 21 of them were taken up for hearing.While schools told education officials that they had sound reasons for rejecting admissions, one of the popular CBSE schools even showed proof of fake address documents submitted by two parents to seek free admissions.Since RTE follows a neighbourhood school policy, it mandates a 1km school-residence radius for admissions. Many schools in the city apprehend that parents have fudged documents to show their residence's proximity to their institute. But very few schools have the manpower to check the validity of each address. A top CBSE school in East Nagpur however deputed staff to check the addresses submitted by parents and found that two of them were fake.Each school's principal and the complainants were brought face-to-face in a closed-door meeting presided over by Netam, middle school section education officer (EO) NA Thamke and two other officials. An officer present at the meeting said, \"Only 17 parents turned up for hearings and their complaints were against 11 schools. Of these, two schools, Bhavan's (Wathoda) and Centre Point (Wardhaman Nagar), could not attend due to prior engagements.\"Parents whose wards were denied admissions wanted to know on what grounds their applications were rejected. The main reason for applications being rejected was the distance issue. Of the 17 rejected admission cases put up before the education department - seven were for distance criteria, four were rejected since school had a different entry point level, two were rejected for fake address proof, two rejected since the school did not come under RTE ambit and one for the lack of birth certificate. However, during the meeting itself the parents agreed to submit the birth certificate within a stipulated time, and the school decided to allow that admission.The remaining complaint was by a group of parents against a CBSE school citing non-compliance of RTE on various issues, however the educations officials ruled that this was not the case.The ball is now in the education department's court, as it decides how to resolve the distance clause within the RTE to enable admissions for students. Sources said that in the next two weeks the department will be writing to specific schools and giving further directions on the stalled admissions. A second meeting is expected around the same time to take up the remaining complaints.(With inputs by Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15220797", "title": "Kokrajhar has great expectations from Prime Minister", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The riot-hit people of Kokrajhar are looking forward to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit here on Saturday in the anticipation that his arrival will help heal the wounds caused by the Bodo-Muslim ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas.Robin Boro of Silbari village, a violence-hit Kokrajhar resident who is currently sheltered in the relief camp set up at Kokrajhar Commerce College here, said that the Prime Minister visit should facilitate the victims' safe return to their villages and help them begin life anew.\"What else can we demand from the Prime Minister other than our safety and security? Our only wish is to resume life in our village, and we have great expectation that the Prime Minister will help us to this end,\" Robin said.While the preparation for Singh's visit in the violence-hit district is low-key, hopes are running high that his intervention would bring about some positive changes in the prevailing situation. A shopkeeper in Kokrajhar town hoped that with the visit of Prime Minister, the days of curfew will end and normalcy will return.The Muslims affected in the violence and lodged in relief camps in other parts of the district said that they expect Singh to visit their relief camps and take stock of their living condition.\"We will be very grateful if Prime Minister Singh makes it a point to visit our people in the relief camps. Let his arrival brings an end to violence forever in the Bodoland Territorial Council,\" said Mohammad Ali , one of the violence-affected people. The leaders of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) too are looking forward to Singh's visit and hope that the trip would help resolve the ongoing crisis.\"The fact that the Prime Minister plans to visit the area shows his concern for the people of BTC. We are hopeful that his visit will bring back confidence among the people and help them return safely to their respective homes,\" said BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgoyary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218874", "title": "MBA held for snatching cellphone", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old man with an MBA degree has been arrested for allegedly snatching a mobile phone from the daughter of a senior government official.The man, Kewal Kumar Singh is a resident of Chhattarpur Enclave. He works as a sales manager in a private company. He had snatched a Sony Ericson Xperia phone from Manini Ojha, the daughter of R R Rashmi, joint secretary, ministry of environment and forests, on July 2. Ojha was talking on the phone when a biker grabbed it and fled.Singh told cops that his girlfriend had been demanded an expensive mobile phone from him, so he decided to rob someone. \"On July 2, while he was on his way to office, he noticed a girl talking on a costly handset on Satya Marg,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP, crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15220206", "title": "Casino Carnival sale falls through", "text": "PANAJI: Much turbulence has occurred in the River Mandovi since the silent takeover of Casino Carnival by a Delhi-based consortium of businessmen, which has led to the deal being called off.Casino Carnival, run by a company in which the major stakeholder is VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro Pvt Ltd, with some individuals holding minor stakes, saw its management changing hands last month.The new owners recently celebrated the takeover with a party aboard the MV Boa Sorte, which houses the floating casino, with an overwhelming majority of the guests flying in from Delhi. Sources said the casino had also seen a sudden change of fortune. \"Within 10 days of the takeover, the gambling areas were packed. All of a sudden, there were a lot of new faces here,\" sources said.The new casino bosses, however, did not last long. \"There was a fallout amongst the consortium of businessmen. They couldn't see eye-to-eye on some issues and the deal has fallen through,\" sources said.Sources told TOI that the deal for Casino Carnival was for a sum between 125 crore and 140 crore. While the first installment of the payment was made promptly, the second one didn't materialize.\"With the consortium showing no signs of working out their differences and with no sign of receiving the second installment, the deal was mutually called off,\" sources said, adding that the casino is now back in the hands of VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro Pvt Ltd, who also returned the first installment to the consortium on Monday.Casino Carnival claims to hire a maximum number of Goans as compared to other floating casinos in the Mandovi and the new management had retained the existing staffers. Sources say many employees did not share a good relationship with the new management, and this grievance was conveyed to the Salgaocar management, who saw it as another reason to call off the sale.When contacted, VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro Pvt Ltd offered no comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15220137", "title": "First phase of model village project to be ready in December", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The work on the first phase of the Shanthi Nagar Model Village project, which is included in the 100-day action plan of the UDF government, will be completed by December. The project, considered the first-of-its-kind in the state, envisages constructing 333 houses for 302 coastal families in the Shanthi Nagar Colony (former Bangladesh Colony), which was notorious for anti-social activities. The model village will be set up on the 26 acres of land in the colony situated at West Hill Beach.In the first phase, 218 houses will be constructed. The remaining will be built in the second phase. The scheme also envisages repairing 25 houses.G S Anil Kumar, assistant executive engineer in the regional office of the Kerala State Housing Board (KSHB), said the work was progressing on a war footing. \"The first phase, started in April this year, will be completed by December end,\" he said.Under the Rs 15-crore project, each family will get a house worth Rs 5.2 lakh on three cents of land. The project ensures safe drinking water and electricity. There will be other facilities like sewerage treatment plant, drainage channel, a primary health centre, community bio-gas plant for disposal of generated waste and three anganwadies in the colony. KSHB, which is the implementing agency of the scheme, has started land filling works at the site to avoid water clogging during rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15221581", "title": "Gang of 6 pickpockets finally in police net", "text": "COIMBATORE: The closure of the Tirupur dyeing cluster and the subsequent impact on the local economy reportedly forced six people from the district to turn to a life of crime for their daily survival till the law caught up with them on Friday. One of the accused is a 52-year-old owner of a textile cone winding unit while the rest were employed as labourers at his unit which went out of business when the dyeing units were closed down.Coimbatore city police nabbed them with the help of camera surveillance footage from an ATM kiosk where they had tried to use one of the stolen cards to draw money. The police have recovered Rs 55,000 from the accused who were remanded to custody. \"We have recovered Rs 55,000 from the pick pockets and a detailed investigation is on,\" said assistant commissioner of police R Gunasekaran, central sub-division of Coimbatore city police.According to police, R Subban alias Subramani was the owner of a small scale cone winding unit in Tirupur. His accomplices were N Babu alias Ramesh Babu, (38) of Vellamedu, A Ravi, (31) of Kasthuripalayam, K Mohan alias Mohanasundaram, (53) of Gobichettipalayam in Erode, S Sabarinathan, (37) of Villapuram in Madurai and S Elango (38), of Kambam in Theni district had been employed at his unit.Subramani had taken a loan to expand his business. However, when the economic slump happened, his unit became sick and he was forced to close it down. Subramani decided to resort to crime to repay his loan. Consequently, he joined hands with the five labourers and they become an organised gang of pickpockets who used to operate in town buses and share the booty. Numerous petitions were filed against pick-pockets in the city, especially in crowded buses and a special team was formed to nab the culprits.The breakthrough for the police came when one of the complainant's ATM card kept in his stolen wallet was used to withdraw Rs 25,000 from his bank account. He had lodged a complaint with Kattoor police that his wallet was stolen while he was travelling to Gandhipuram on June 18. The pin number of the card was written behind the card which allowed the accused to withdraw money before the complainant managed to notify his bank and block the card.Police verified the CCTV footage of the ATM kiosk from where the money was withdrawn and based on the timings identified Ramesh Babu and Ravi and arrested them on Thursday. The duo reportedly confessed to the police and exposed the remaining four who were arrested on Friday.\"They are involved in similar cases reported from various parts of the city and we are investigating them in detail,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy Commissioner of Police, Crime, Coimbatore City.Police claimed that the same gang had stolen Rs 30,000 from R Dhayalan, a native of Thiruvannamalai last month and Rs 35,000 from K Jegadeesan, a resident of Peelamedu while he was travelling in a city bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15218652", "title": "Railway tracks become death traps", "text": "TRICHY: Avoidable deaths on railway tracks have scaled unprecedented heights in the Tiruchirappalli railway sub-division in the first half of this year.\"Since January 2012, the Government Railway Police (GRP) in Tiruchirappalli railway junction registered 36 cases of death due to trespassing, whereas the cases numbered 58 in the previous year,\" said P Akbar Khan, sub-inspector of railway police, Tiruchirappalli junction.According to GRP, most 'trespassing deaths' occurred owing to negligence by people, whereas suicidal deaths were only a few. Four cases of suicide were registered in the division till June 2012.When contacted, C Senthil Kumar, inspector of railway police, Tiruchirappalli station, told TOI that in Tiruchirappalli sub-division, suicidal deaths were comparatively lower than accidental deaths. \"Accidents mostly take place on the tracks near slum areas in Trichy as people, unmindful of consequences, use railway tracks and meet with fatal accidents. We have identified a few places such as Manthaithidal, fort railway station and Srirangam railway station where the number of such accidents is high. Plans are afoot to conduct awareness camps to educate people on limitations of using railway tracks. We hope it will have a positive impact,\" he said.On the other hand, loco pilots of express trains are prone to health problems and mental agony as accidents happen in front of their very eyes. D Sachidanandam, loco-pilot for mail and express trains, Tiruchirappalli railway division, said, \"We witness such accidents frequently. A few days ago too, I saw an accident in which a 75-year-old man committed suicide by jumping in front of an express train in Vaiyampatti near Trichy. Likewise, we frequently see people losing their lives while walking on the tracks, unmindful of train movement. We cannot tolerate such moments and it affects our health and balance of mind. Sometimes, the accidents occur at unmanned level crossings also.\"According to railway sources, as many as 296 unmanned level crossings and 401 manned railway crossing are spread across Tiruchirappalli railway division. The railways also takes steps to convert unmanned level crossings into manned level crossings or road over bridges, but despite both the safety department of the railways and the railway protection force (RPF) continuously taking action against those violating norms, people turn a deaf ear to appeals from the administration to follow rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217416", "title": "Export scam: Assets of 6 firms to be attached", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate will attach the properties of six companies which misused a government scheme by showing fictitious gold exports and siphoned off nearly Rs 600 crore.The Union government-controlled MSTC Ltd. pays the exporter 80% of the amount upfront to be received from the buyer. MSTC Ltd obtains the said payment from banks. It stands to gain a certain percentage of the value of the exports while the bank charges an interest on the money lent.ED has found that of the Rs 640 crore exports in the period 2008-09, the exporters only remitted Rs 40 crore. ED is investigating foreign exchange violations and has also invoked the Prevention of Money Laundering Act against the companies. ED has powers to attach properties obtained from proceeds of crime under the PMLA.ED has issued a show-cause against one of the companies, Ushma Jewellery and Packaging under the Foreign Exchange Management Act. Of the exports made, it has not remitted Rs 133 crore, ED said. If proved guilty, the company will have to pay Rs 400 crore as penalty.ED is also investigating Space Mercantile, K A Malle Pharmaceutical, Joshi Bullion and Gems Jewellery, Bond Gems and Indo Bonito Multinational Pvt. Ltd. Tin May the CBI had arrested MSTC's chairman and managing director Malay Sengupta and chief general manager Tapas Basu for conniving with the companies who submitted forged and fake documents.MSTC Ltd also did not claim insurance, officials said. The others arrested included insurance consultants and officials of the Pen Urban Co-operative Bank.The officials of MSTC Ltd were aware that the said documents are forged and fake and thereby with intention they accepted the said forged and fake documents and released 80% of the export value to the exporters, the CBI had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15217135", "title": "National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme gets flak", "text": "BANGALORE: The CAG rapped the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. It observed that lapses and irregularities such as non-preparation of district perspective plan, execution of works not recommended by gram sabhas and non-conduct of social audit still persisted.Deficiencies in enumeration procedure, unrealistic labour budgets, irregularities in utilization of funds and non-maintenance of mandatory control registers facilitated misappropriation of funds. Instances of delay in employment to majority of households defeated the spirit of the scheme, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220626", "title": "Centre's help needed to clean the Ganga: CM", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Friday maintained that the state would require a special package from the Centre for cleanliness of the Ganga, as various schemes of the NDA government in the state to prevent pollution of the river caused by sewage and other wastes flowing into it in various towns were not sufficient to meet the challenge.The issue figured in discussions which the CM had with BJP national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Tarun Vijay, who called on him in the morning to apprise him of the campaign launched by his party to mobilize public opinion and their support to keep the Ganga water pure and also have its unhindered flow. Nitish also expressed concern over the existing situation.Vijay said he also extended an invitation to the CM to participate in a BJP-organized function to be held in Uttaranchal. According to him, the CM agreed to participate in the function whose date would be fixed as per his convenience and schedule.He said apart from the sewage and other wastes, idols and puja materials thrown into the river also added toxic ingredients to the Ganga water. Therefore, the support of 'dharmacharyas' and respectable people of society to the cause of purification of the Ganga had become very significant, and accordingly, the 'dharmacharyas' would be requested to issue an advisory not to throw idols and puja materials into the river. People would be made conscious of the fact that the issue of a clean Ganga could not be completely left to the government, Vijay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15222176", "title": "\u2018Marilyn Monroe had gay relations with teen\u2019", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Marilyn Monroe has been seen as the sex symbol for the past 50 years but a new book claims that the actress, who was admired by millions of men, was attracted to women.The 1950s blonde bombshell not only allegedly admitted to encounters with movie stars such as Joan Crawford, Barbara Stanwyck , Marlene Dietrich and Elizabeth Taylor, she also seduced a 16-year-old girl who ran her fan club, reported Radar Online.According to the author Tony Jerris, of 'Some Like It Hot' star had a very memorable night with teenager Jane Lawrence, with whom she had bonded with over their shared troubled family histories.\"Jane met Marilyn when she was 12 because her adopted father ran the legal department at RKO studio. They soon became close friends after realizing that they had been in the same orphanage at different times of their lives, even though Marilyn was 14 years older, and neither of them knew their birth fathers. They became close friends because there were so many similarities in their past. Jane always struggled with her sexuality, she talked to Marilyn about this many times and she was very understanding . She told her, 'Whatever your sexual preference is, it means nothing - love is love' ,\" said Jerris, the author of 'Marilyn Monroe: My Little Secret' . In recollections told to Jerris, Jane claimed that the then 29-year-old actress and she shared a physical relationship .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15231273", "title": "Mitali Nag's a monsoon girl!", "text": "Mitali Nag has become synonymous as Krishna in Rakesh Paswan's Afsar Bitiya. The actor, who is busy shooting her sequences, loves the monsoons as it is her favourite season.\"Rains are meant for long drives, getting drenched, cosying up in the quilt and sitting in front of the television! I live in a sea facing flat, so for a romantic like me it's extremely difficult to leave my house every morning for work.\" Mitali feels she just can't have enough of the sea and rains and dreams of some time off to enjoy the season. Adds Mitali, \"I wish I could get some days off so that I ccould plan a trip to Matheran or Mahabaleshwar!\"'However, there is one thing about the rains that upsets the actress. \"Practically speaking, a lot of times our schedule goes haywire because of the rains. People get late to work because of water logging and our outdoor scenes become impossible to shoot.\"Well, everything comes at a cost!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15222894", "title": "HUDA to file its response to groundwater ruling on July 31", "text": "GURGAON: After receiving flak from Punjab and Haryana high court for allowing groundwater to be wasted, by giving licences to private builders to build flats in an unhindered manner, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) will file its reply before the court on July 31.On July 16, while hearing a petition filed by a residents' group, the high court had ordered that HUDA should not issue new licences to developers in Gurgaon, unless they gave an undertaking that groundwater would not be used for construction work. The heads of HUDA and Town and Country Planning (TCP) department have to be present in court on July 31 when the case comes up for hearing.The officers have been asked to furnish exact details about the total population, water demand, number of water connections and number of tubewells in the city.HUDA, in its reply, has stated that no building plan shall be sanctioned unless the applicant assures the authority that underground water would not be used in construction. Moreover, from now on the builder will have to show the water source which will be consumed for construction purpose.HUDA has also listed how it plans to meet the current water shortfall. \"At present, the irrigation department is supplying 90 cusecs of raw water into the Gurgaon water supply channel and there is a shortfall of 77 cusecs. The irrigation department has been requested to increase the raw water supply from 90 cusecs to 130 cusecs in Gurgaon water supply (GWS) channel and an additional 52 cusecs in another canal called the NCR channel, so that the present demand can be met,\" said a HUDA official.\"To stop illegal borewells from being dug, the deputy commissioner has formed special teams with representatives from various departments. Guidelines in this regard are being prepared. To stop illegal borewell extraction, guidelines to formulate artificial recharge techniques for rainfall runoff from road side areas, institutes, parks and houses, in coordination with both the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) and district administration are also being prepared,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15214993", "title": "HC: Frequent air travel shows man\u2019s affluence", "text": "MUMBAI: That a man travels often by air shows his standard of living, said the Bombay high court, rejecting an appeal filed by a husband against the payment of interim maintenance directed by a family court.Justice Roshan Dalvi recently heard a petition by Rakesh Chawla (name changed) challenging Pune's family court's interim order on March 19, directing him to pay Rs 20,000 as maintenance to his wife Sheetal (name changed) and their child. According to the application, Rakesh left the matrimonial home after his mother fell ill. He said his parents needed him and so, he had to shift to his parents' house in Goa.According to Sheetal, Rakesh earns from a wine shop and transport business, which are family concerns. But Rakesh produced in the family court a salary certificate issued by his father's firm showing he earned Rs 8,000 per month. Justice Dalvi said the family court was right to have rejected the certificate as \"that is a false and fabricated document. That shows a false position\".She added the family court judge had also considered the fact that Sheetal produced airline tickets showing Rakesh travelled by flights often. \"That indicates his standard of living,\" said Justice Dalvi in the June 25 order.The judge noted that Rakesh had not produced any income tax returns as he claimed he had not filed any as his income was less than the taxable amount. \"From the documents produced by the wife, showing Rakesh's family business\u2014and it was not denied either, the learned judge considered the petitioner's standard of living and concluded that the documents collectively showed that he earned more than Rs.50,000,\" said Justice Dalvi. Dismissing Rakesh's petition, she said the argument of the family court was \"reasonable\". Taking note that Rakesh had not paid maintenance to Sheetal and their child, Justice Dalvi directed that he \"forthwith pay the entire amount\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15219930", "title": "Pharmaceutical companies cheer as Mormugao Port Trust gets notified port status", "text": "PANAJI: The pharmaceutical industry in the state has reason to rejoice. The much awaited final notification giving the status of a notified port to Mormugao port has been issued. With this, the doors are now opened for import of pharmaceuticals through Goa's premier port.To give effect to this notification, Rule 43-A of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 has been amended accordingly.Arun Naik, immediate past president of the Goa Pharmaceutical Manufacturers' Association (GPMA), said, \"It is a matter of pride for Goa's pharmaceutical industry that the Mormugao port now appears in the Drugs &amp; Cosmetics Act list.\"Naik said this will pave the way for the import of pharmaceutical raw materials required by the pharma industry of Goa and surrounding areas through the Mormugao port.\"Previously, pharmaceuticals in the state had to be imported from either Nhava Sheva port in Mumbai or other ports and this was a great disadvantage to the Goa-based pharmaceutical firms.\"Because of the start of imports, more shipping vessels will ply to Mormugao port and this will also result in a rise in the export of pharmaceuticals through Mormugao,\" Naik observed.\"As the shipment volume increases, rates of shipment will go down,\" he added.With around 70 pharmaceutical manufacturing units in the state, Goa is known as a major pharmaceutical production centre. Earlier, all pharmaceutical exports and imports had to be shipped from Mumbai since the Mormugao port was not notified as an approved port for either pharmaceutical import or export.In December 2011, the central government notified Mormugao as an approved port for pharmaceutical exports. An assistant drug controller (ADC) office was also established. The first consignment was shipped from Goa in the same month.The response to this initiative remained rather sluggish with many companies preferring to continue to export from Mumbai as their logistics departments were based there.Naik said the import notification was made possible because of the sustained efforts of MPT chairman Mara Pandiyan, FDA director Salim Veljee, executive committee members of GPMA and commissioner of customs and central excise V P C Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218752", "title": "New lab to slash treatment cost for hepatitis patients", "text": "KOLKATA: Hepatitis B and C have been prevalent in the state for some time now, but the government has hardly taken any decisive step over the years to facilitate treatment of these fatal diseases. As a result, the patients are forced to pay through their nose for tests that they need to undergo at least four times a year.However, the plight of hepatitis patients may ease to some extent soon with Liver Foundation of West Bengal (LFWB) taking up the initiative to open a molecular virology lab in the city on Saturday, the World Hepatitis Day. Installed at the organization's headquarters on Kyd Street, tests at the lab will cost a fifth of what private laboratories charge.\"Each viral load test costs a patient about Rs 5,000. A patient needs to undergo this test three to four times a year, in addition to bearing the cost for other allied tests and also the burden of the treatment cost. As a result, we find many patients discontinuing treatment and not going for the viral load test. This laboratory aims at minimizing the burden of patients. Here, we will charge only the cost of the reagent,\" said LFWB project director Partha Sarathi Mukherjee.The level of viral load is important as doctors depend on it to decide which patient needs treatment. And once the treatment is started, the rise or fall in the viral load is the yardstick for doctors to check if the treatment is having its effect or not.\"Doctors cannot treat a patient without knowing his/her viral load. Since there is no government set-up to test the viral load, patients end up paying through their nose for investigation. This laboratory will provide a relief to many who are infected,\" said gastroenterologist Dr Abhijit Chowdhury of School of Digestive and Liver Diseases at IPGMER.On an average, a patient has to spend about Rs 5000 per month for effective treatment. Many patients discontinue treatment due to the high recurring cost. LFWB has come up with a project to bail out patients who can not afford the treatment. With financial assistance from Bristol Myers Squibb Foundation, the project is aimed at empowering hepatitis patients. Self-help groups (SHG) have been formed and trained in handicraft. The first lot of creations by the SHGs will be showcased and sold on Saturday at YMCA on Chowringee Road.\"We are also in touch with corporate organizations so that the SHGs can supply their products on a regular basis to make the project viable. Some have shown interest. The fund raised will be utilized for the treatment of the patients,\" said Mukherjee.In addition, LFWB will also talk with concerned authorities to include hepatitis/liver patients in categories of patients who are offered concession on travel by train. As of now, these patients are not included in the list of 50 diseases that are eligible for the 75% concession on railway ticket. According to the hepatitis registry started by LFWB on July 28, 2011, 2200 hepatitis B and 800 hepatitis C patients have registered themselves in the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15221090", "title": "Study finds uranium removal by RO systems ok", "text": "AMRITSAR: A recent study carried out by a research team of Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU) has found that various RO systems installed by government in villages of Bathinda and Mansa districts, as well as by the people in their houses, and at petrol pumps on roadsides, are working well in removing uranium from water by more than 90%.In many cases, this removal rate goes to 99%. A similar study carried out in Amritsar city and laboratory experiments had shown the same results, said associate professor, department of physics, GNDU, Jaspal Singh, here on Friday. He said it was also seen that essential minerals like calcium, magnesium and potassium were also removed by larger amounts as the RO systems removes all dissolved salts (TDS) irrespectively.In another survey carried out in Amritsar, it was found that the drinking water got by submersible motors installed in individual houses nearly at a depth of 100-120 feet had comparatively more TDS and uranium content as compared to water supplied by the municipal corporation through deep tube wells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218306", "title": "\u2018Need for consulting public\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Federation of Sector Welfare Associations of Chandigarh (FOSWAC), which is an apex body representing 60 different sector welfare associations spread over the city, on Friday, met parliamentary sub-committee on home affairs and submit a memorandum regarding prominent issues of the city.The members of the association said concept of participatory democracy has been lacking in the city as it is being governed by the bureaucracy. \"There is, thus, urgent need for greater participation, involvement and consultation of the people through resident welfare associations on the pattern of Bhagidari Scheme of Delhi government. The collaboration between citizens and the administration for addressing the real development in terms of needs of the stake holders is a must for good governance and tangible outcome,\" said a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230639", "title": "Birthday wishes pouring in for Dhanush", "text": "Last year had been an exceptionally good one for Tamil star Dhanush, who shot to international fame with the 'soup' song that went on to become a viral sensation. The actor, who celebrates his birthday today, rang in the special occasion along with Simbu, who threw a party for the actor. The Kolaveri star has also been flooded with wishes on his micro-blogging page.Here are some of the tweets -Jayam Ravi ?- Happy bday @dhanushkrajasorry cudnt make it last nite bro.. In Rajasthan.. Hope u guys had fun :) good luck!Anirudh Ravichander ? - Happy birthday to the person who made me who I am and my best friend @dhanushkraja. Have a rocking year ahead !Jiiva ? - Happy birthday to @dhanushkrajaVe super super year head Lotsaluv JYuvan World ?- Happy Birthday Dhanush @dhanushkraja.Have a Blockbuster year ahead brother :)) http://fb.me/1xEC6KdE0Sarath Kumar ? - @dhanushkrajaWishing you a very Happy Birthday Dhanush! Best wishes for a fantastic year ahead!Premgi Amaren ? - Happy birthday to Danush @dhanushkraja. thanks to str @iam_STRfor an amazing party !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15220913", "title": "Campus scuffle: Students demand arrest of miscreants", "text": "BOKARO: Students of Ram Ratan High School in Phusro area under Bermo sub division blocked roads and closed down shops on Friday demanding arrest of youths who entered the school campus and thrashed the students, including girls, the day before.Sunil Kumar, student of Class X was injured and admitted to a local hospital while three girls Kavita, Laxmi and Munmun sustained minor injuries. Principal of Ram Ratan High School, B N Tiwari has lodged an FIR against three youths and 20 unknown persons for creating ruckus on the school campus with the Bermo police station.The situation normalized only after police and political leaders held a meeting with the students to pacify them.The agitated students blocked the roads burning tyres and closed down shops in Phusro Bazaar. The police had a tough time controlling the students.DSP Bermo Santosh Pathak said a brawl started between two students Irfan and Sunil on Thursday leading to fisticuffs.Later Irfan, who is a resident of a nearby colony went home and returned with about 20 youths during the closing hours of the school.The miscreants entered the premises with sticks and rods and thrashed Sunil and whosoever came in their way, sparing no one.Pathak said that the situation is under control. They have detained seven local youths in the regard and are interrogating them at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15220056", "title": "Music cafes to be set up in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The District Tourism Promotion Council ( DTPC) and Iringal-Sargaalaya will set up music cafes in the city.First such cafe will be set up at the Kozhikode Beach before Onam. The cafe will be open from 6pm till 10pm. Live music concert will also be organized at the cafe.District collector K V Mohankumar said that the music cafe would serve a variety of traditional cuisines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220392", "title": "Unequivocal call: Stop the vandalism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Sardar Vallabhbhai Memorial Society by vandalizing and defacing Mughal emperor Shah Jahan's 400-year-old palace in Shahibaug in the name of renovation has only hurt Ahmedabad's chances of achieving world heritage city status. Mughal heritage forms an essential part of the city's 600 year history of Ahmedabad and the palace is one of the city's last surviving Mughal structures.City's historians and conservation architects expressed unequivocal outrage over the insensitivity of the trust. Ironically, neither the state Archaeology department, Archealogical Survey of India (ASI) nor the latest heritage building inventory of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC)'s has the palace on its list of protected structures. The two-storeyed palace has a grand darbar hall, styled like a typical Mughal palace with adjacent octagonal rooms on each side. The gardens are also reminiscent of Mughal gardens in Delhi and Agra.Architect and founder of CEPT university B V Doshi says,\" It does not matter if the palace is not among the country's protected buildings; it is still a heritage site. \"Six years ago, we were involved in setting up the museum there. We did an extensive study of the palace and proposed a major conservation plan to the palace's identity. The gardens and waterbody which connects to Sabarmati were also considered in our study. But things didn't work out. The place should be treated as a protected site and this careless work be stopped immediately.\"\"There has to be a set of guildelines before anyone embarks on such 'renovation' activity. The minutest of details in architecture should be considered while framing those guidelines,\" says Manvita Baradi, architect-urban planner and convenor of Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) Gujarat.The construction continuing unabashedly, will lead to more historic loss with each passing day. \"It is shameful. At a time when Ahmedabad is aiming for world prestige, how can such a horrible example be set? The renovation should follow the norms of preservation or be stopped immediately. Shah Jahan's palace is one of the highlights of our city. It tells the story of how a young prince started his architectural endeavors here and how he went on to build one of the most magnificent monuments in the world. What kind of sensibility makes these people blind to such amazing history?\" says Umang Hutheesing, scion of one of the city's most well known families.According to Hemang Desai, a heritage enthusiast, Gujarati architecture had so impressed the Mughals that the Gujarati forms find a prominent place in the architecture of Akbar's capital, Fatehpur Sikri as well as in Shah Jahan's palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15221870", "title": "Thousands offer namaz on first Friday of Ramzan", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of people offered 'namaz' at various mosques on the occasion of first Friday of Ramzan.The maximum rush was witnessed outside Yateemkhana masjid. Even the young ones clad in kurta pajama and white 'topi' reached the mosque to offer namaz.Fazal Rahman, a 'rozedar' said: \"It is believed that Allah always listens to the prayers offered on the Fridays of the month of 'Ramzan'. Therefore, Fridays hold a lot of importance for the Muslim community. The entire month is considered to be a month of prayers and fasting. Today we have prayed for the well-being of all of us.\"Another 'rozedar' Faraz, said: \"We have prayed for the betterment of the country on first Friday of the pious month.\"The district administration and the police had made elaborate security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219061", "title": "CA held for duping businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested by the Shalimar Bagh police for duping a businessman, police said. The accused would go through the financial statements of his clients and extort money from them to hush up \"the financial mess\". He would even blackmail of IT raids to those who would not comply with his demands. The accused has been identified as Rakesh Gupta, a DU topper.According to sources, 51-year-old Gupta had recently befriended a bakery owner. However, soon enough, he began finding imaginary faults with the business set up and even the construction of the shop. He threatened to report about the \"violations'' to the agencies concerned unless he was paid Rs 3 lakh.\"The businessman was making losses and requested him to forego the demands. Gupta, however, was adamant. The businessman was forced to pay after selling his valuables. However, he video-graphed the entire transaction and later approached us with the evidence. The evidence helped us nab the accused who had cheated several others using the same modus operandi,'' said a senior police officer.According to police, Gupta is an alumnus of SRCC Delhi University, and a CA by profession. He got himself registered in 1987 and started practicing chartered accountancy.During his practise, he would provide information regarding suspicious cash transactions of his clients to income tax authorities. Gupta would then exploit both sides i.e. get rewarded from the IT authorities and extort illegal settlement from his clients. However, his activities were exposed to the customers and he was declared a 'cheat'.Police have asked public to ascertain that their CA is genuine and has proper licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15222431", "title": "\u2018Monsoon deficit to hit pulses, oilseeds\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The deficit in monsoon this year is unlikely to impact food grain and sugar production but may affect pulses and oil seeds, Union minister of state for consumer affairs, food and public administration, K V Thomas, said.\"At a meeting chaired by the Prime Minister yesterday (Thursday) , the review showed a 23% monsoon deficit which would affect regions in Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan. But food grain and sugar production will remain unaffected. We anticipate some impact in pulses and oil seeds,\" Thomas said. He was speaking at FoodCon 2012 organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry.He said the government has one year's stock of food grains and two years' stock of wheat. \"Our granaries are full at the moment. During 2010-11, we achieved a food grain production of 245 million tonnes. The estimated crop production for 2011-12 is 257 million tonnes. Similarly, the sugar production estimates last season were 247 lakh tonnes and at the end of the season, we closed at 262 lakh tonnes. This year, sugar production is expected to be 250 lakh tonnes and even if that comes down to 245 lakh tonnes, we would still be in a comfortable position,\" Thomas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218766", "title": "Nagpur University, National Environmental Engineering Institute pact to foster research in region", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to promote academic and research cooperation, Nagpur University (NU) and National Environmental Engineering Institute (NEERI) have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) focusing on interdisciplinary research and vocational skill-oriented training. The collaboration is supposed to benefit staff and students of both institutions. With this, NU students would now be able to conduct research in NEERI laboratories, which are of international standards, free of cost, NEERI director Satish Wate told reporters.The MoU will involve the setting up of a Centre for Inter-disciplinary Research in NU in collaboration with the industries of the region. \"Among other projects, the Centre will work at developing a new pattern of courses involving interdisciplinary research, skill-oriented training, human resource enhancement and information and education about environment,\" Wate added.Apart from the Centre, projects involving industries for the development of region will be undertaken along with joint training programmes, workshops and courses for the staff, students and technical personnel of NU.Terming the pact as a big landmark towards research and development in the region, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal said both institutions had proposed exchange and sharing of faculty as well as facilities like infrastructure, laboratories, and libraries. \"Students will be allowed to undertake research work and avail services of both establishments,\" he informed.The subjects to be covered include biotechnology, earth sciences, chemistry, physics, computer science, environmental sciences, engineering and technology. A coordination committee, consisting of the NU VC and NEERI Director or their nominees and the heads of the concerned departments from both institutions, has been set up to monitor and review all activities undertaken. The committee will define the areas of cooperation in future, and modify them from time to time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15215126", "title": "Delhi Transport Corporation 'clean chit' to buses", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special drive conducted by Delhi Transport Corporation claims to have found that not a single DTC bus in the capital violates the speed limit. It has also found that only one bus was overtaking illegally, whereas rude behaviour, use of cellphones and smoking by the crew was zero in DTC buses.The special drive was started on July 20 and will go on till the end of the month. DTC officers and traffic supervisory staff conducted these surprise checks during morning and evening peak hours, said a DTC official. \"These officers were deputed across the city at approximately 176 points,\" said the spokesperson.These findings may come as a shock to many commuters of Delhi's public transport system. There have been rampant complaints of buses not stopping at the designated spot or trying to overtake buses from the bus cluster service.The drive results, however, are surprising to say the least. The maximum violations found were to be of not wearing the proper uniform while improper parking also was noted. And only one bus conductor was found to be cheating.\"Till date, 15,106 buses have been checked. On receipt of reports from the checking officials, disciplinary action has been initiated against 476 drivers and 288 conductors,\" said the DTC spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221272", "title": "48 pc rainfall deficit in Indore division", "text": "INDORE: Indore division has remained rain deficit so far this monsoon. Because of the poor monsoon initially, Indore has received only 184.9 mm rain till date, which is 48% less than the predictions. Ideally, the city should have received 352.3mm of rainwater.The monsoon this year was delayed and arrived on July 4. Usually, it arrives by June 15. Now that the monsoon has picked up a good pace, the city people seem to be enjoying the rains. Till July 22, the recorded rainfall was 145.1mm, which should have been 297.2mm under normal circumstances. The scarcity of monsoons had Indore 51% rain deficit by the mid of July.However, the cyclonic pressures on the Jharkhand and adjoining areas have brought a major change in the weather of late. The citizens of Indore can hence heave a sigh of relief.According to the MET department, the weather may remain the same for another forty eight hours. A weatherman said \"The deficit caused by the poor monsoon may be covered if the weather remains like this. The Bhopal-Hoshangabad-Indore region may receive normal to heavy rainfall in coming days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15205889", "title": "Rakhis lose their lustre", "text": "The sky-rocketing rates of the yellow metal have made gold rakhis unpopular this yearRaksha Bandhan celebrations have lost their gold sheen this year. Thanks to the spiralling gold prices, sisters aren't investing in gold rakhis this year, as had been the trend in the years gone by.Boutique owner Sapna Rajput had been tying gold rakhis for the last three years to her three brothers. \"But this time when I checked the rate of gold, I realized that three gold rakhis would cost me about `60,000. So, I dropped the idea totally,\" she says.Says Mitali Arora, a software engineer. \"Instead of tying a costly gold rakhi to my brother, I would prefer gifting him something that he can use. Gifting gold rakhis is impressive, but considering the high rate of gold, it seems like such a waste. You can only flaunt the rakhi on the day of the festival, and the next day you will find it in the locker. That's why I decided not to go in for an expensive gold rakhi this Raksha Bandhan,\" she shares.Businesswoman Madhu Agarwal, who had been tying a gold rakhi to her brother for the past five years, has decided to opt for a crystal rakhi this time. \"Tying a gold rakhi has become a really costly affair. A gold rakhi this year was going to cost me somewhere around `20,000. Which is why I have decided to go in for normal rakhis. After all, it's not the cost of a rakhi that matters but the emotions of a sister,\" she says.Jewellers in Kanpur agree that the popularity of gold rakhis is going down. According to Sanjay Agarwal, jeweller, \"Since the rate of gold is hovering around the `30,000-mark, gold rakhis have become rather costly, and therefore there aren't too many takers for them.\" He adds, \"I remember a few years back, a sale of almost 300-400 gold rakhis was the norm at our two stores during the festival of Raksha Bandhan, but this year, till now only 15 rakhis have been sold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218686", "title": "HC moved over missing civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: A social activist has moved Nagpur bench of Bombay high court demanding immediate filling up of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) commissioner's post which was lying vacant since 48 days. A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and ML Tahaliyani on Friday asked the government pleader Nitin Sambre to take instructions from the state department concerned and file reply before August 10. Srikant Khandalkar was counsel for the petitioner Mohan Karemore. Secretaries of general administration department (GAD) and Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Department are respondents in the case.According to the petitioner, government had transferred the then NMC chief Sanjeev Jaiswal to Aurangabad on promotion on June 4. Since then the post was has been vacant and no effort was made to fill it up. Moreover, additional commissioner's post was also vacant since last one year and district collector was looking after all three charges.Karemore contended that due to this apathy, over 30 lakh citizens were facing difficulties on account of indecision by the authorities. The petitioner prayed for directions to the government to immediately take steps to fill up both top posts of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217399", "title": "Woman conned of Rs 10K by man posing as mason", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old man was arrested on Friday for duping a resident, saying he was a construction worker in the flat of a neighbour, who was away, and he immediately needed cash to take the delivery of building material.Manish Aiya's con came to light after a victim, Darshana Gosalia from Mahavir Darshan Society in Malad, approached the local police, saying she had been cheated out of Rs 10,000.According to the police, Aiya would first befriend watchmen of housing societies, surv-ey the buildings and find out if any flat was being renovated.\"Aiya went to Gosalia's house, posing as a worker employed for the renovation of the flat right above hers. Gaining her confidence with glib talks, Aiya told her he would check her house's plumbing to ensure that the work upstairs had not affected her home.He even asked Gosalia to call her neighbour to say her flat had been checked for leakages. Aiya offered his number, claiming it to be the neighbour's,\" the police said, adding that the accused spoke to her over phone, posing as the neighbour.A few days later, Aiya returned to Gosalia's place, saying he needed money to accept the construction material ordered but the owner of the house was away.An unsuspecting Gosalia gave him Rs 10,000, said the police. When her neighbour returned home at night, she narrated the incident to him and he told her he had not employed Aiya.Realizing that she had been duped, Gosalia lodged a complaint. \"Aiya changed his numbers frequently. In his call log, we found a number from where he received most calls. It belonged to his girlfriend. From her, we learnt Aiya stayed in Mulund with his parents,\" said the police.Instructed by the cops, Aiya's mother called him, saying she was ill; falling for the trick, Aiya return-ed home from where he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15218316", "title": "Special buses to take you to international airport", "text": "MOHALI: Once air traffic from international airport at Mohali begins to increase, a special bus service will be introduced to ferry passengers, especially domestic and foreign tourists, from the Tricity. Mohali municipal corporation and a proposed expressway will ensure that there is proper connectivity to the airport.\"The details of bus service have been worked out by the corporation and a formal approval from the government is awaited. The service will be started before completion of construction work at the airport,\" said municipal commissioner Varun Rujam.A special bus service will be started for people coming from and going to the airport which will cover the entire Tricity. The service will be started by the Punjab government under Mohali MC, to facilitate the passengers and no private buses will be allowed to enter the premises.He said, \"The government has assured us that low-floor, air-conditioned busses will be provided so that international passengers, do not have to bear the heat in summers.Punjab government has already approved expressway linking Mohali with National Highway no.1 at Phagwara, to provide high speed connectivity with the surrounding areas of town and save the time of passengers.\"This is a good move. The expressway which will reduce time,\" said Anil Sharma, a resident of Phase V.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218314", "title": "Honours programme puts Panjab University to shame", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A university that became the first in the country to start an honours school programme, a course that eventually became extremely popular in other universities in India as well, is now itself struggling to sustain the course.High Failure RateStudents at PU are finding it hard to pass graduation level of honours school programme in sciences that offers integrated BSc and MSc courses. Close to 117 students, who had compartment in one or more subjects this year, appealed to the university authorities to modify rules for them to go to MSc level. While students cite that internal assessment is marked on their \"equation with teachers\", teachers however claim that brighter students need to be attracted to the course. Students rue not being able to connect with subsidiary subjects, with which they lost touch before Class XI. Following protests, PU's Dean Student Welfare has announced that the students' demand of reducing in criteria of passing to next class to be 90% credits and not 100% credits, has been accepted.Subsidiary subjectMost students falter in the subsidiary subject. We need to explore all angles of the problem. Although the number of re-appears has gone up, number of students in these courses has also shot up in last few years.R K Pathak | dean sciences, pu &amp; faculty member at deptt of anthropology.Its lop-sidedA major reason for the poor performance is that the department staff does not inform students about relevant dates. If re-appear exams were conducted five to six times students know only about two chances.Kunal Kapoor | PU student (honours programme), Msc-IStudents are finding it hard to cope up with semester system. The result of previous class is announced so late that uncertainty prevails.\"Vishal Singh | PU student (honours programme), Msc-I", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15221084", "title": "Rain inundates two bridges in Chikkodi", "text": "BELGAUM: Two bridges in Chikkodi taluk - Kallol-Yadur bridge and Jatrat-Bhivashi barrage - were inundated on Thursday night, following incessant rain in the catchment area, as well as in Maharashtra.The district recorded the highest rainfall over the past two days since the beginning of monsoon.On Thursday, the district received 61.8mm of average rainfall and on Friday, it received 108.7mm of rain. Following the rains, rivers in the district are flowing in full spate.People in the adjacent villages were stranded due to the inundated bridges.The district administration has asked taluk-level officials to be on alert for flood-like situation especially in Athani, Chikkodi, Raibag, Gokak and Hukkeri taluks. Several villages in Athani, Chikkodi and Raibag taluks are usually flooded because of the release of excess water from Maharashtra to river Krishna. Similarly, villages in Gokak and Hukkeri taluks face flood situation due to the release of water from Hidkal Dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217700", "title": "Jaideep Garware widow asked to vacate SoBo flat", "text": "MUMBAI: After prolonged legal battles and family dramas, a magistrate's court has asked Ramona Bruno, widow of Jaideep Garware who has since remarried, to vacate her 5,000 sq ft Warden Road flat. The fight for the flat was initiated by Deve Paints in 1994 after it took over Garware Paints. The plush south Mumbai residential property is estimated to be worth over Rs 20 crore.Deve Paints, declared a sick company by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction in 1995, said it was the owner of flat 9A in Somerset Palace building and moved the magistrate's court for its possession to help the company implement a revival scheme.The company's lawyer, Nishit Dhruva, said Ramona Bruno has been \"residing with her family and using a garage for two cars without any authority, and she can no longer refuse to vacate it\".Ramona, a socialite-cum-fashion designer, was not reachable for her comments. Her phone was answered by her staff, who said she and her family were out of station till August 3.Deve Paints said the flat, a property originally belonging to Garware Paints, was given to Jaideep for his residence in his capacity as the joint managing director of Garware Paints. Since he resigned in 1994, it said, he was \"liable to vacate it\". A dispute arose when Jaideep insisted that he was a lawful tenant. Deve Paints rejected his claim and sent him a notice in September 1996 to \"hand over vacant and peaceful possession of the flat in 15 days\".Now, over 15 years later, a fortnight ago, the Esplanade court accepted the claim made by Deve Paints for the implementation of the BIFR scheme under a law meant for sick industrial companies. The court observed that under a revival scheme sanctioned by a 2008 BIFR order, Deve Paints appeared entitled to possess the flat and appointed an officer to take its possession, prepare an inventory of articles in it and submit a compliance report within a month. The magistrate ordered the officer to use police help if Ramona Bruno failed to vacate the flat peacefully.It was after Jaideep Garware's suicide in 1998 that his mother Anita Garware and widow Ramona got into litigation over the flat. The fight ended in 2001 with Anita giving up her claim over the flat. Ramona got the keys to the residence and the right to carry on with the suit filed by her late husband in the small causes court to protect their claim over it. In 2002, the small causes court disposed of her suit and dismissed her plea in 2005 for revival of the battle.Court papers show that Deve Paints submitted an affidavit to show that the flat is not in issue under any court order of stay in favour of Ramona Bruno or any third party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15216946", "title": "Amboli murders: Court may frame charges on August 13", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution in the Amboli double murder case submitted draft charges before a Sewri fast-track court on Thursday. The matter has been now adjourned to August 13, when the court may frame charges against the accused.\"The draft charges included same charges that were leveled against the accused in the charge-sheet. The four accused have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using words, gestures or committing any acts intended to insult the modesty of a woman, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace, and also under Sections of the Bombay Police Act,\" a D N Nagar police official said.The court will also hear arguments on the bail application of accused Jitendra Rana at the next hearing.Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W), on October 20.The duo was standing there along with friends when some men allegedly started harassing the women. Keenan and Reuben were attacked after they protested. While Keenan, a bartender in a five-star hotel, died soon after the incident, Reuben died in a hospital in Andheri on October 30.The police arrested Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival soon after the incident.They have been lodged at Arthur Road jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15217203", "title": "Drill to keep Metro disaster ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: People travelling on Delhi Metro may get delayed on Saturday morning as a major mock drill will be conducted at 12 stations across the city to check their disaster preparedness to incidents like bomb blasts, earthquakes and terrorist strikes.Commuters may have to face a delay of 30-45 minutes in the morning hours due to Delhi Emergency Management Exercise to be conducted by the Delhi Disaster Management Authority in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority.However, the exact timing of the drill has not been disclosed as in a similar exercise in February, PCR vans had come to the spots before start of the drill as the time was disclose beforehand.The selected stations are: Dwarka Sec 11, Central Secretariat, Pitampura, Azadpur, Badarpur, Kirti Nagar, Chandni Chowk, Akshardham, Shahdara, Central, Karol Bagh, Noida City Centre and Guru Dronacharya.Delhi Government's Divisional Commissioner Vijay Dev said in future drills, the name of metro stations and even day of the exercise will not be made known to check effectiveness of the response mechanism.From the first week of August, Delhi will see more of such drills, which will go on till December. Workshops on hospital and school safety will also be conducted.The drills will check response of all hospitals - government and private, as well as ambulances and paramedic staff to any form of disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "15228126", "title": "One Indian among 15 killed in road accident in Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: At least 15 people, including an Indian, were killed when an Indian jeep they were travelling in veered off some 100 meters down the road in western Nepal's Palpa district early on Saturday.Earlier official sources said that all those killed were Indians. However, the police later confirmed that the victims included 14 Nepalese and an Indian.The Indian embassy in Kathmandu also confirmed that only one Indian was among those killed.Nine women, two men and four children were killed when the jeep fell down the road on a slope at Jorte of Deurali Bhire are of Palpa district, police said.Two injured passengers have been shifted to Lumbini Medical College Prabhas for treatment, police said.The passenger had hired the Indian jeep for a pilgrimage to the local Rishikesh temple in western Nepal, they said.The jeep was taking them to Ridi in Gulmi district of western Nepal when the accident took place, police said.A team of police led by deputy superintendent Mira Chaudhary has been dispatched to the accident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15216916", "title": "4 schoolkids hurt as auto overturns", "text": "KALYAN: Ten schoolkids bundled into an autorickshaw escaped with minor injuries after the three-wheeler overturned on Veer Savarkar Road in Dombivli on Friday. Four children were injured in the accident and were rushed to a local hospital.Children from RBT and Swami Vivekanand schools in Dombivli (E) were heading home in the auto around 12.30pm when the brakes of the auto failed and the driver lost control of the vehicle.The injured were identified as Roshan Khedekar (7), Roshan Soni (8), Kanchan Rathod (13) and Prafull Midrai (11). Doctors said three of the four injured had suffered minor injuries, while Khedekar had suffered head injuries and would have to undergo an operation. Khedekar's mother Rajshree works as a household help. \"My son has suffered serious injuries. I managed to borrow Rs 5,000 from neighbours and relatives for his treatment, but doctors said his operation will cost much more. I don't know how I'm going to arrange for the money,\" said Rajshree.Eyewitness Babu Patti said, \"After the mishap, we rescued the schoolchildren and rushed those injured to a local hospital. The driver had run away from the spot.\"An officer from the Ramnagar police station said, \"The brakes of the vehicle had failed and the driver tried to take a turn at full speed, due to which the auto overturned.\" The auto driver, Vijay Dubey, has been booked for rash and negligent driving and his permit will be cancelled, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15215987", "title": "Government ready to protect good samaritans", "text": "NEW DELHI: To encourage bystanders to help accident victims in the critical first hour after a mishap, the Centre on Friday told the Supreme Court that the time had come to discuss laying down guidelines to protect good samaritans from police harassment.It also informed the court that the ministry of road transport and highways was formulating a scheme for cashless treatment of road accident victims. A pilot project on the Amritsar-Pathankot stretch of NH-15 was being implemented so that timely treatment could be given to accident victims.Immediate medical assistance after an accident, in what is called the 'golden hour', is considered critical in saving lives. The role of first responders in reaching victims to hospitals is crucial but people shy away out due to harassment by police later and the rounds of courts they will have to make as witnesses.Asked by a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar to formulate the Centre's response to a PIL by NGO 'SaveLife Foundation' seeking immunity for bystanders who save lives from police harassment and legal hassles, additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra said the move to draw up such guidelines was a \"welcome step\".Though the court has not issued notice seeking formal reply from the government, the Centre suggested \"a committee comprising experts from the ministries of law and justice, home affairs, HRD, health...road transport...could be considered\" for the purpose.Provide immunity to saviours on road: PILThe NGO which filed a PIL to seek immunity for Good Samaritans on roads had sought a mandate from the Supreme Court to the effect that \"bystanders/passersby, who help bring an accident victim to hospital or provide first aid on the scene of accident while waiting for police or ambulance to arrive, should not be forced to reveal their identities or details if they so desire.It said they the saviours should not be compelled to visit the police station for recording of statement or other paper work, and as far as practicable, they should be examined at their place of residence/work place\".It had also sought a direction from the court to provide immunity to such bystanders/passersby who render assistance to accident victims in distress, from personal civil liability in respect of the act in good faith of providing emergency assistance.The Centre said the health ministry had already identified 140 government hospitals along the Golden Quadrilateral, North-South and East-West Corridors of National Highway Development Project (NHDP) for upgradation as trauma centres. \"The ministry is providing advance life support ambulances to each of these trauma centres. It is in the process of identifying another 160 hospitals along NHs other then GQ and NHDP Corridors for upgradation during 12th five-year plan 2012-17,\" Luthra informed the court.On uninhibited rendering of medical assistance urgently to victims by doctors, the ASG said the Supreme Court in its 1989 judgment on a PIL by advocate Parmanand Katara had specifically directed that doctors attending to accident victims should not be subjected to harassment by police.It had erased the fear of medico-legal case playing on the minds of doctors by ordering that their obligation to save lives by rendering immediate assistance to the victim was paramount and this could not be hindered by any law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219619", "title": "Epigraphist Khwaja's book wins state Urdu Academy award", "text": "NAGPUR: The painstaking research that took G S Khwaja four years to put together brought accolades for him in the form of an award by the Maharashtra State Urdu Academy in Mumbai recently. Khwaja, who is superintending epigraphist and director (epigraphy) with the Archaeological Survey of India, Nagpur, received a citation and Rs15,000 cash from the chief minister for his work 'Persian Historiography Under Akbar'.The 160-page book written in Urdu records the cultural history of India and also Iran during the rule of Akbar and gives a glimpse of the nine books which Abu Faisal, the court historian of Akbar, and other Arab historians of those time wrote during this period.The author researched for this book at the Rampur Raza library, Khuda-Baksh library in Patna, Maulana Azad library in Aligarh and studied manuscript collection at National Museum, Delhi, to authenticate his work. \"My book gives a glimpse of the Persian culture and style of writing and also contains facsimile of original pages and extracts from such significant works like Tabaqat-E-Akbari, Akbarnama, Ain-E- Akbari, Tarikh-E-Alifi, History of 1000 years of Hijri and Humayunama,\" he informs.In his book he details the method of writing history, the authenticity and contents of these nine books and a brief biography of the writers who wrote these historical masterpieces. Explaining the reasons behind this effort, Khwaja says, \"my fear is that Persian and Urdu languages will perish over the next 50 years. Through my book, I want to woo the younger generation who read Urdu to be familiar with Persian literature and that style of writing prose.\"Khwaja's book has been published in two editions, hard-bound and paperback. He says this effort will help preserve the art of reading and writing history. \"I want every teacher working in Urdu medium schools to read this book and share its content with students,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15215646", "title": "Man stays in jail for 3 years despite bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A loot accused who was granted bail in 2009 never got out of jail because the court order did not reach the jail where he was lodged.Aslam Shaikh alias Doocho was arrested by the Bawla police in Ahmedabad in 2008. He, along with some others, was charged with abduction of a person, made him sit in a car at knife point and robbed him of Rs 90,000.On May 13, 2009, Justice Abhilasha Kumari granted him bail on furnishing a personal bond of Rs 10,000 and solvency of equal amount. The court permitted Shaikh's lawyer to serve the order directly to the lower court and the jail authority.However, Shaikh recently moved a fresh bail plea after his lawyers gave up the hunt for the missing order and documents related to his bail.When the plea came up before Justice Kumari again, she was shocked to find that the accused remained in the jail for three years despite her order. The court has sought an explanation from the state government on the issue. The court got annoyed particularly when no public prosecutor turned up for explanation despite repeated reminders. The government pleader has been asked to explain the matter on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221199", "title": "Cultural festival to bring alive beat of mridangam artist", "text": "CHENNAI: He grew up listening to the melam from the temple near his house in Pazhayannur. Palghat T S Mani Iyer internalised the rhythm of the percussion early on and went on to master the mridangam to reproduce on it the subtleties of Carnatic music compositions while accompanying star artists.On his birth centenary year, two of Iyer's students will come together to pay a tribute at a three-day cultural festival, Svanubhava, to be held from August 1 to 3 at Kalakshetra. \"We will play some korvais (musical phrases) of my father at Svanubhava,\" says Palghat T R Rajamani. He will join Iyer's senior disciple Kamalakar Rao for the first time to talk about the late musician and play some music on August 2.\"Father and I have accompanied musicians like Ariyakkudi Ramanuja Iyengar, Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar. I hope to present some of what I have learnt from him at the concert,\" says Rajamani.The festival will also feature other carnatic and Hindustani artists like Nedunuri R Krishnamurthy, Ulhas Kashalkar, Mysore M Manjunatha and M Nagaraj and Sangeetha Sivakumar. It will present art forms from other parts of the country - from plays, ritualistic dances to puppetry shows. Anjika Manipur Dance Troupe will present ritual dances such as pung, dhol cholam and raas leela on August 1. On the same day, there will be a bilingual play called 'Land of Ashes' by a Puducherry-based troupe and a lecture on 'Temple as social, economic and cultural centres' by Chithra Madhavan.Apart from a bharatanatyam lecture demonstration by C V Chandrasekar and a percussion presentation by a team of young musicians, there will be a unique puppetry show from Kerala centred around the classical dance-drama Kathakali. Natana Kairali will present the traditional art form of glove puppetry featuring dolls in Kathakali costumes and present 'Kalyana Sougandhikam' and 'Duryodhanavadham' episodes from the Mahabharata on August 3.Svanubhava, organised by students of performing arts, is on its fourth year and is supported by Kalakshetra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217662", "title": "Dadar residents make peace with Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation over ward officer\u2019s transfer", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Dadar (W) have called off their plan to protest against the \"premature transfer\" of Devendra Jain, assistant municipal commissioner of G North ward.Citizens' Forum G (North) Ward members wrote to BMC chief Sitaram Kunte on Tuesday expressing concern over Jain's abrupt transfer to P North ward in Malad. Normally, an assistant municipal commissioner is posted in a ward for three years. \"With 10 months of his term still left, Jain was shunted out to P North ward,\" an activist claimed.\"Jain had initiated a crackdown on encroachments and development control regulations (DCR) violations and other irregularities,\" he added.In May, the civic official launched a drive to remove hawkers near Dadar station. Soon, Jain found himself in the eye of a storm following allegations that an illegal newspaper vendor had died during the anti-encroachment drive. Following the controversy that broke out, the residents rallied in favour of the civic body's anti-encroachment campaign around Dadar station.\"We will not protest, since we have learnt that it is an administrative matter. We do not want to make a political issue out of it,\" said Ashok Ravat, president of Citizens' Forum G (North) Ward. \"We will pursue our case with the new assistant municipal commissioner and press for effective action against encroachments,\" he added.Citizens will come together to discuss on various issues in a ward committee meeting on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15226668", "title": "Chavan's plan to meet Raj Thackeray sets eyebrows rolling", "text": "MUMBAI: A meeting between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray which was scheduled for Friday evening got political circles interested.While the meeting was put off, debates on a possible \"political signal\" behind it were raised. The official line was that Thackeray was to meet Chavan to discuss issues related to transparency in toll collection and delay in approvals to new Marathi schools in the state.The meeting was arranged only three days after Thackeray took on the NCP-controlled public works department asking people to boycott toll payment until there was more transparency in operations. Following their leaders diktat, MNSactivists carried out violent protests at toll nakas. The scheduled meeting however did not take place with Thackeray pulling out citing \"health concerns\". Party legislator Nitin Sardesai said Thackeray was suffering from a \"bout of fever\".No fresh dates for the meeting have been fixed. Intense rift between the Congress and the NCP has surfaced in the past week, with the later even issuing veiled threats of withdrawing from the. government. A patch was achieved on Wednesday following consultations between the central leaderships of the two parties. Chavan has already upset the applecart by forging post-poll deals with Shiv Sena for certain places in the civic polls earlier this year. Sena also supported UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee.The assembly polls in the state are scheduled for 2014. Despite being in alliance in the government, Congress and the NCP are seen as principal rivals of each other for the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215267", "title": "Man hired for painting flat, aides attack senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior citizen on Thursday was attacked in her Kandivli apartment by three men, one of whom had been hired for a painting job in the house. The police said nothing was stolen and that the accused must have fled on seeing blood oozing out of the victim.Ranjana Bhuta and her husband stay in Shriji Krupa building in Kandivli (W). Her scriptwriter son Mihir and his wife stay in the same neighbourhood.The Bhutas got their flat painted two weeks ago. On Thursday afternoon, when Ranjana was alone at home, one of the workers knocked on the Bhutas' flat. He had two aides with him. \"The trio arrived around 2.15pm. As Ranjana knew one of them, she let the three in. They told her that they had not finished the painting job and had come to measure a few walls,\" a police official said. \"As soon as Ranjana turned around, an accused hit her on the head with a steel jar they found nearby.\" As Ranjana collapsed to the floor and started bleeding profusely, the trio panicked and fled, the police said.After a while, Mihir called up Ranjana several times but she had lost consciousness. When Ranjana finally came to, she heard the phone ringing, picked it up and narrated the incident to Mihir. He rushed back to the house and took his mother to hospital. \"Ranjana has sustained injuries to the back of her head. Her condition is stable. We are waiting for her health to improve so that we can record her statement and prepare ID-sketches of the accused,\" the official added.The Kandivli police are still probing the exact motive behind the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15220352", "title": "Amreli man was America's anti-terror warrior", "text": "SURAT: One of the heroes of America's war against global terror comes from Pansada village of the Amreli district. Kandarp Mehta, 27, who was born in that village, was part of Green Berets - a specialized elite guerrilla fighting unit of the US armed forces - and took part in important missions during the war in AfghanistanMehta is currently busy in Boston , working on a research project involving leading doctors from Harvard University . He provides support services to armed forces veterans as part of his federal job. Serving the armed forces for around three years, Mehta fulfilled his childhood dream of fighting terrorism; he could not realize that ambition in India.Mehta initially attended a public school in his village. He later earned a master's degree in pharmacology and toxicology. He belongs to a family of teachers - a profession that attracted two generations of his kin. He wanted to join the armed forces from the time he was in school, but he could not make it to the National Defence Academy, Khadakwasla.Widening the horizon of his aspirations, Mehta came to Ahmedabad for further studies and completed his school education from CN Vidyalaya. \"My parents always inspired me by citing the examples of a cousin who was selected for the Indian Administrative Service , and another who completed MBA from MICA,\" Mehta says. \"I was encouraged to achieve excellence in my field of study.\"Mehta completed the Bachelor of Pharmacy course in 2005 and applied to top institutes in India and the US to pursue a master's degree. He was accepted by Long Island University , Brooklyn, for the Master of Science programme in pharmacology and toxicology.\"I suffered emotional shock during my graduation days when my mother died,\" Mehta says. \"I found solace in a book called 'Jivan Na Rango' by Lt Col Chandrashankar Bakshi. Gujarat riots of 2002 was another bad experience that marred that period. I was in Modasa, which was one of the affected towns.\"Completing his studies in the US, Mehta started working in the clinical-research field, but his desire to serve in the army was still simmering within him. That desire was fulfilled when the US forces began recruiting - during Iraq and Afghanistan wars - people who were knowledgeable about the Indian subcontinent. He was among the 1,000 chosen in 2008. \"I thought that was the only chance to fight terrorism,\" Mehta says. \"So I was determined to succeed and cleared all selection tests.\"Mehta was thrilled by the training, which included jumping from planes. \"I touched a gun for the first time as a recruit and by the end of it I could reload an M16A2 rifle in three seconds,\" he says. \"After completing the three-month training I became a US citizen.\"After Osama bin Laden was eliminated, the strength of the armed forces was reduced and Mehta was discharged honourably. Among the honours he has received were Army Achievement Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Army Valorous Unit Citation and the Airborne Badge.Mehta came to India in 2011 and joined Amreli Pharmacy College as an assistant professor of pharmacology. After a brief stint at the college, he married Payal, a doctor, and returned to the US and joined the federal government services in the department of veteran affairs.\"At the department, I realized the need and care veterans expect,\" he says. \"I want to continue working for them.\" Payal is preparing for United States Medical Licensing Exam to become an MD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15219784", "title": "Tampered, defunct meters choke Kerala Water Authority", "text": "KOCHI: The non-revenue water management (NRWM) wing of Kerala Water Authority has found out that over 80% of water meters in the city are either defunct or are tampered ones. NRWM, constituted to bring down the quantity of non-revenue water, gave its report to the chief engineer. NRWM has asked KWA to replace all faulty water meters with new ones.The NRWM team examined all water meters installed by KWA. \"During our drive, we found that around 80% of the water meters are not functioning. We also noticed that many of them were tampered with. Replacing old water meters with quality ones is the solution,\" said NRWM chief, assistant executive engineer K M Siddique.Many domestic consumers as well as hospitals, ice factories, apartments and hotels tap water from the public system illegally. \"Water connections used by many officials of the Kochi Corporation are illegal. In many areas, people take connections from KWA pipeline on their own without securing proper sanctions,\" Siddique said.\"Some consumers would provide a separate line to by-pass the water meter while some others would separate the detachable dial and impeller units and manipulate the meter reading. In certain cases, consumers would keep the water meters in reverse mode after KWA officials recorded usage. Thus the reading will be backward in effect,\" he said.KWA officials also found that water was channeled from KWA pipeline using water pumps in many areas.Officials found that one consumer was using a connection taken in the name of previous house owner. Though a new house was constructed after demolishing the old one, he had retained the connection. As per norms, the connection should have been renewed. Moreover, the water meter was faulty. The owner was told to pay a fine of Rs 88,000.\"The total water supply for the city and its suburbs is around 225 million liters a day. The required water is pumped from Aluva pumping station,\" said KWA chief engineer Varghese Samuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219162", "title": "Hindu groups protest against \u2018mosque\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Old Delhi area was fraught with tension on Friday, as radical Hindu groups gathered to protest against the building of a mosque at the purported site of 17th-century Akbarabadi Masjid in Subhash Park. They shouted slogans demanding that the \"illegal structure\" built by locals be razed. Muslims from the area were barred from entering the Subhash Park ground, which has been sealed in accordance with orders by Delhi high court. Heavy police presence on the streets and traffic restrictions prevented any untoward incident.\"The building of the mosque at Subhash Park is encroachment of public land, and the government cannot look the other way. They will have to punish those who have dared to do so. Otherwise, we will also take over the Red Fort premises and build our own temple there,\" said Surendra Nath Avadhut, president, All India Saints' Committee. He added, \"People have said saints should not get on autos and rickshaws, like we did during last week protests, but we will do whatever it takes to register our protest if a mosque is allowed to come up on the site.\" About 1,000 people, mostly saints from Haridwar and Haryana, had gathered for the protest.There was tension in the area when several thousands of Muslims from different parts of the city gathered at Jama Masjid to offer Friday prayers. Five companies of Rapid Action Force and Delhi Police officers had been deployed on the main road and streets in the Walled City. Netaji Subhash Chandra Marg, which connects Old Delhi with the rest of the city, was closed for about two hours \u2014 from 12pm to 2pm \u2014 causing inconvenience to locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221390", "title": "HC upholds Metrowater's right", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to interfere with a pipeline project meant for the desalination plant at Vadanemmeli on East Coast Road, saying the right of way available to Metrowater was a statutory right.The court, however, asked the Metrowater to ensure that while laying the pipeline least possible damage or hardship is caused to landowners in the area.Justice V Ramasubramanian passed an order to this effect, after dismissing a writ petition filed by Maria Ramesh, who prayed for peaceful possession and enjoyment of her 12 ground land on ECR, where she planned to build a commercial complex.It is Metrowater's plan to lay a pipeline of a diameter of 1,000mm underneath her land.Objecting to the proposal, as per which the pipeline would cut perpendicularly across the ECR at two locations, Maria Ramesh suggested an alternative plan wherein the pipeline could use mostly the government land on ECR. The Metrowater, however, rejected the suggestion on the ground that there were electric lines and transformers at the site suggested by her and hence it could not be tampered with for the underground pipeline to carry the desalinated water to the city.Justice Ramasubramanian, rejecting Maria Ramesh's plea to appoint an advocate commissioner to study the problem, said such an exercise was not permissible in view of the right of way available to the Metrowater.The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board Act, which appears draconian, empowers the board to establish and maintain any system across any property for the supply of water or maintenance of sewerage line, he said.Though the petition was dismissed, the judge asked the officials to ensure \"to the extent possible that the plan of the petitioner to put up a commercial complex on the land is not spoiled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15218969", "title": "Constable dies under unexplained circumstances", "text": "A 40-year-old constable, attached to the Jaripatka police station, was declared dead in the wee hours of Friday after he was rushed to the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. Ravindra Mohod was sleeping at home when he took ill.Mohod's death came as a shock to the police department. The constable, it is learnt, was at home on his weekly-off. He had retired to bed after dinner. It was strange sounds from his room that attracted Mohod's wife who spotted him in discomfort. Mohod was taken to a private hospital and later shifted to IGGMCH but could not be resuscitated. Pachpaoli police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15220893", "title": "Strife renders over 5000 Muslim workers jobless", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Ethnic violence has deprived over 5,000 Muslim labourers working in Kokrajhar town and its adjoining areas of their livelihood. If we take the number of such workers into account, a minimum wage of Rs 100 a person for 5,000 people means Rs 10 lakh daily. This amounts to Rs 3 crore monthly. This is figure from Kokrajhar town alone.The flow of money to these workers has stopped suddenly after the clashes, rendering them jobless. Now, they are a hapless lot, totally clueless about their future. They include blacksmiths, carpenters, electricians, plumbers, rickshaw-pullers, drivers and other daily wagers.Talking to TOI on the phone, Sahidul Islam of Kashipara near Bhotgaon, a blacksmith, said, \"The violence has dealt a big blow to my life. Kokrajhar is currently the best place for me to earn. Now, I don't know where to go to feed my family.\"Mogar Mollah, another Muslim from the area, said, \"I had enough work in Kokrajhar. Now, I don't know what to do. I wish the violence hadn't taken place.\"There are other important commercial centres such as Gossaigaon and Dhaligaon where Muslim labourers work.It may be mentioned that after the peaceful environment following the formation of BTC, a number of new settlements grew up along the banks of the Gaurang river. The violence also hit the Bodos hard as they are not finding any Muslim labourers to till their land now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15219158", "title": "Government to study efficiency of city buses", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to conduct an 'impact assessment study' of the city bus services in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri. The Centre has granted Rs 4.85 lakh to the state under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme for the study.The state housing and urban development department (H&UD;) will depute an independent agency to find out if the city bus service is a success. \"The agency will be selected through a transparent process, for which a request for proposal (RFP) will be prepared,\" said a senior H&UD; officer.\"The assessor will take into account the opinions of all stakeholders, including passengers, bus staff and police on how the service is functioning,\" said Nishikant Mishra, chairman of Dream Team Sahara (DTS), operator of the city bus service.\"DTS had earlier conducted a survey and collected the feedback of passengers. Some passengers demanded installation of AC in buses. Others demanded proper bus bays and route charts for their convenience,\" Mishra said.A total of 105 buses ply in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri. Though the city bus service was launched here on October 10, 2010, requisite infrastructure continues to elude the bus operator and passengers.Proposed originating and departure terminal and bus bays are yet to come up in the cities.Though review meetings are being held at regular intervals and promises were made to provide necessary logistical support for smooth running of the bus service, nothing tangible has happened so far.\"We have set deadlines for completion of the depot in Pokhariput area and originating-departure terminals at other places,\" H&UD; secretary Injeti Srinivas had told TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219537", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation bowing to pressure on Sitabuldi pay &amp; park?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) pay and park system is likely to go into cold storage with the office bearers bowing to pressure tactics. Following opposition from independent corporator Ganesh Pokulwar, the Standing Committee could not take any decision to start the scheme in Sitabuldi market in the meeting held on Friday.To solve the congestion and provide parking space in the bustling market area, the NMC had proposed to start pay and park. In the tender process, a private agency quoted to pay royalty of Rs13.03 lakh per year along with operation and maintenance costs. The proposal was then placed before the Standing Committee.Sources told TOI that Pokulwar requested the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari not to give approval to the proposal. \"Pokulwar and some shopkeepers met mayor Anil Sole on Friday and demanded that pay and park be not allowed. Sole assured the delegation that he would discuss the issue with Tiwari,\" said the sources.A senior NMC official told TOI that the pay and park system will come to a grinding halt if the decision is a 'no'. \"The anti-encroachment drive and launching of pay and park have been carried out according to the directives of the High Court. Besides, these two drives are very important to solve the traffic problems. The NMC will not have to bear any expense and instead would be earning revenue. If permission for the pay and park at Buldi is not granted there will be opposition in other areas too,\" he said.The NMC has issued work orders for pay and park under Sitabuldi flyover, the stretch between Panchsheel square and Yeshwant Stadium, and Link Road. Apart from Buldi market, there's another proposal to implement the scheme near Rahate Colony Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15220665", "title": "Skin, eye, gastro infections see sharp rise in Patna", "text": "PATNA: The changed climatic condition during the rainy season has led to spurt in skin, gastrointestinal and eye infection cases in the city. Many doctors here said the number of patients suffering from either of the three infections has lately increased by about 50%.\"Bacterial skin infection with pus, itching, rashes and redness and summer boils are more common among kids between 3-4 years, while school going kids suffer more from 'eczema',\" says Amarkant Jha Amar, a skin specialist.\"Bacterial infection in eyes and dandruff-like fungal infection are the other highly contagious disease in this season,\" said Dr Nagendra Prasad, an eye specialist, adding, \"maintaining hand hygiene really helps. One should avoid touching eyes with dirty hands and also clean eyes at intervals.\" In case of frequent occurrence of sty, one should have diabetes test as diabetic patients are more prone to this disease.Children below 10 years are prone to infection in this season due to their weak immunity system, said Mohan Kejriwal, a paediatrician, adding, \"I receive many cases of kids suffering from respiratory infection nowadays. I handle not less than 20 such cases every day.\"\"Rashes caused due to mosquito bite are also very common in this season. Mosquito bites can also lead to serious problems such as malaria and dengue,\" said Kejriwal and added \"Viral infection spreads quickly among children. Kids should stay away from infected people and avoid using their towel and handkerchief, as also sharing drinking water and food.\" The infected kids should not be allowed to mingle with others as infections are usually transmitted to others.Dr Veena Pandey, a gynaecologist, said, \"Women very often suffer from vaginal or urinary tract infection in this season. Personal hygiene is very important in such cases. Pregnant woman should take special care of their health as they are more vulnerable to infection.\"Besides these diseases, hair infections, chickenpox, measles , diarrhoea, typhoid and stomach-related infections can cause much problem in this season if they are not taken proper care of.As a precaution, one should drink lots of water, coconut water and glucose, eat food rich in sodium, potassium and calcium and wear light colour, loose cotton clothes. One should also drink filtered water, use anti-fungal skin powder, neutral-PH soap and shampoo, and avoid fast food and eating in open places, say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219118", "title": "Youth gives up IIT course to fight graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2011, when Anil Kumar joined the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, he had dreams like many others to graduate as an engineer. He had not expected that he will give it all up to single-mindedly fight corruption. Youngest in the family, Kumar was moved by the anti-graft movement last year in August. It was then that he decided to be a part of the movement.\"Last year when Anna Hazare sat on fast, college students had organized a candlelight march. The entire experience had moved me and I started following the movement. I was hopeful that the government will wake up to the problem, but that did not happen,\" said Kumar, who is from Saharanpur.\"So I decided to join the movement and work towards weeding out corruption. It was on July 25, 2012, that I decided to give up my course at IIT,\" added Kumar. Kumar, who has completed two semesters in Masters in Technology from the institute, is fasting along with Team Anna at Jantar Mantar. The 24-year-old, who worked hard to get into the institute, says he has lost faith in the system and that a degree will not help him. \"I do not want to take a degree and be a part of the corrupt system. I'd much rather work for society,\" said Kumar.Kumar, the only IIT student to be fasting, was supported by 200 students from the institute at Jantar Mantar. He says he took his parents' permission before forsaking his degree, as they had worked very hard to get him educated.\"My parents used to work as labourers when I was in school. They have toiled to get me educated. So I took their permission before quitting my studies,\" said Kumar.Kumar's father use to mend tyres when he was a child. \"They were supportive of my idea. They have been affected by corruption too,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220398", "title": "Brothers kill 42-year-old man after brawl in Shahpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 42-year-old man was killed by two men after a brawl in Shahpur on Thursday night. Police have started a search for the duo.According to Shahpur police officials, Shailendrasinh Rathod, a resident of Vanmali ni Pol in Shahpur, was at home at 3 pm when Raghuveersinh Gohil, a resident of the same pol who works as an autorickshaw driver, zoomed past. Rathod confronted and admonished him for driving rashly as small children play in the lanes.\"Rathod's son Digvijaysinh in his complaint said that Gohil and his brother Bahadursinh came to their residence at 5 pm first beat him up after the altercation. As Rathod retaliated, the duo were infuriated and later assaulted him with sharp weapons on his chest and head and fled. Rathod collapsed on the spot and was later declared dead by a nearby doctor,\" said a Shahpur police official.A M Desai, inspector of Shahpur police station, said the Gohil brothers were involved in bootlegging and other cases before 2000. \"In the past decade, no offence has been registered against them. A search for them has been initiated,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15218868", "title": "Cell towers: HC questions govt on steps", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday asked the Centre and the Delhi government what steps are being taken to reduce radiation levels emitted from mobile phone towers so that they meet international standards.Justice Rajiv Shakdher asked the department of telecom, MTNL and the Delhi government to revert to the court, expressing concern that the inter-ministerial committee report on the hazards posed by cellphone radiation is yet to be implemented. Issuing notice to all the authorities, HC asked them to explore the petitioner's demand if mobile phones can carry a warning displaying how much radiation is emitted from each handset.HC was hearing a plea filed by a widow and her granddaughter seeking Rs 1 crore each as compensation, blaming their deteriorating health on cellphone towers installed on the roof of their house in Lajpat Nagar.Appearing for Shanti Syal, advocate Richa Kapoor, sought removal of base trans-receiver station (BTS) installed since 2002 at Syal's residence. Syal claims she suffers from cancer while her 15-year-old granddaughter has renal failure due to continuous exposure to high-frequency radiation emanating from the BTS. HC on Friday asked the government and MTNL to answer if they can remove the tower from her house.Syal also alleged MTNL didn't inform her about the ill-effects of radiation on human health when it installed the station and the Nigam has been ignoring her requests since two years to get the tower removed. She informed HC that she was diagnosed with cancer in May and her granddaughter was told that she was suffering from total renal failure.Citing a WHO study that says radiation from mobile towers is possibly carcinogenic as it directly affects human body cells, Syal in her plea urged HC to direct the department of telecom to make public a report prepared in 2010 by an IIT engineer on mobile tower radiation. Lamenting the lack of specific rules to regulate the installation of these towers, the petitioner also sought a direction to DoT and the Delhi government to implement the report.Syal is the second person in less than a week to approach HC and demand compensation for death/deteriorating health allegedly owing to mobile towers. Earlier this week, a bench had issued a notice to DoT on a plea by an east Delhi resident who sought a ban on installation of mobile phone towers near residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15228923", "title": "Stress can cause breast cancer to spread to bone: study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Stress or depression following primary treatment in breast cancer patients can make it more favourable for cancer cells to spread to the bone.The study published in PLoS Biology journal found that both stress and depression activate the sympathetic nervous system, which increases bone levels of a signalling molecule called RANKL.The researchers from Vanderbilt Centre for Bone Biology found that breast cancer cell migration to the bone depends on RANKL, which is known to promote the formation of osteoclasts, bone cells that break down bone tissue.\"We came to the hypothesis that sympathetic activation might remodel the bone environment and make it more favourable for cancer cells to metastasise there,\" said Florent Elefteriou, director of the Vanderbilt Centre for Bone Biology.\"Metastasis, the spread of cancer cells to distant organs, including bone is more likely to kill patients than a primary breast tumour,\" Elefteriou said.The researchers studied cancer cell metastasis in mice. They followed fluorescently \"tagged\" human breast cancer cells that were injected into the mouse heart to model the stage of metastasis when breast cancer cells leave the primary site and move through the circulation.They found that treating the mice with a drug that mimics sympathetic nervous system activation caused more cancer lesions in bone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221283", "title": "RTI information to go mobile, speed up data access", "text": "CHENNAI: If things go according to plan, the State Information Commission (SIC) will soon allow RTI applicants in the city to track cases on their mobile phones.The service will allow RTI petitioners to view the status of their applications.State Chief Information Commissioner K S Sripati said that the commission is working to provide case details by SMS facility to RTI applicants and the system should be up and running in a couple of months. \"People who file complaints before the SIC will receive an SMS stating their case number and the date of hearing of their case,\" said SripatiActivists said the system could help do away with long delays in securing data from public information officers. The SIC decided to introduce the SMS system due to an increasing number of appeals being filed before the commission because of public information officers delayed responses to queries filed under the RTI Act.According to the plan, every RTI petitioner will receive three SMS. \"We will send applicants the first SMS when the case number is generated,\" Sripati said. \"The second message will be sent after the case is posted for hearing and the third when the case is disposed.\"The petitioner will also be able to track the RTI application by the case number. \"Applicants can also use case numbers to get information and learn the status of the case on the SIC website (www.tnsic.gov.in),\" he said. \"Details such as the petitioner's and respondent's names, case number and address will be available on the website,\" Sripati said.The commission plans to use a designated SMS service number for the system. \"We have had initial discussions with Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Elcot), National Informatics Centre ( NIC) and mobile service providers like BSNL to develop the software and integrate the messaging service,\" Sripati said.The commission now sends notices to applicants by post. Officials said the messaging service will be made available to applicants who provide their cellphone numbers in RTI applications.Activist V Gopalakrishnan said the messaging service could put an end to many shortcomings in the system.Officials said a huge shortage of manpower and funds has hampered work at the commission.Officials said the commission has just 63 employees against a sanctioned strength of 82. Drivers and peons are forced to double as stenographers. The commission received 56,000 RTI petitions in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15226543", "title": "Jessica Biel wants to open restaurant named Oh Fudge", "text": "Jessica Biel has revealed that she wants to open a restaurant just like her fiance Justin Timberlake .The 30-year-old actress said that so far her only plans are to include a bakery inside her eatery. \"I would have the bakery component. I say I'm into it, but I'm not a great baker yet,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno .\"Baking is really very mathematical and I'm terrible at math. I'm a really good loaf person\". \"I do loaves but sweet loaves like zucchini loaf or banana loaf or banana blueberry loaf. It's really good!\" she added.Biel then went on to ask the viewers to encourage her business venture. \"Please come to my restaurant. It's going to be called Oh Fudge,\" she said. Biel's fiance Timberlake has a restaurant in New York City's Upper East Side called Southern Hospitality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15218688", "title": "Tukadoji Maharaj chair", "text": "After a delay of over 13 years, the Nagpur University has finally decided to establish a chair of Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj (RTM). \"Courses like certificate, diploma, degree, post graduation and PhD will be offered to students,\" said vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. Marathi Hod Akshay Kumar Kale will be in charge. The state government had sanctioned Rs2 crore for setting up this chair on October 28, 2009, of which Rs1.50 crore was for construction of Gram Geeta Bhavant. \"The chair will provide literature penned by the saint and also books related to his lifestyle,\" Kale added. He informed that NU will be organizing next literary meet on Tukadoji Maharaj in Chandrapur in September. A statue of the saint that was promised by then VC SN Pathan still remains on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/ghaziabad", "code": "15226751", "title": "Police claim leads in the Woodlands DGM murder case of Ghaziabad", "text": "NEW DELHI/GHAZIABAD: UP police might finally get some clue into the murder of Woodlands DGM Ankit Sharma's murder. Top cops from both the Delhi police and Ghaziabad police working on inter-state gangs believe the surrender of wanted gangster Manoj Pandit at a Ghaziabad court can finally lead them to crack the DGM's murder that was carried out on July 20 at Indirapuram by two unidentified men.Questions though are still being raised in the hurried manner in which Pandit had surrendered even after he successfully ducked a chase by the Delhi police last Tuesday and later escaped from a Ghaziabad police trap the following day. According to the Chirouli village residents, the Loni police had laid an elaborate trap for Pandit on Wednesday morning, but he managed to escape after a brief encounter.Delhi police sources say that Pandit came in their radar after his name propped up in at least five murders committed in the trans-Yamuna and trans-Hindon areas of northeast Delhi and Indirapuram. The accused is regarded as a chief shooter for Prashant Sharma who is presently behind bars after he and his men murdered his own wife, his two neighbours and even attempted to murder his own mother. The gang is believed to be behind the murder of Dilip Matho who was murdered a few days ago.Both forces, meanwhile, say they were not jumping to conclusions unless they take Pandit in their remand and question him. ``We believe the gang was hired as contract killers though Pandit might have a big role in it. The idea was to ensure that Ankit did not survive the murderous attack. We will question him to ascertain his role in not only the Woodlands case, but also in at least two other murders that took place in the Indrapuram area,'' said an officer from the SSP office.Delhi police said they will also try and get transit remand of Pandit. ``The gang has been involved in a spate of crimes in the first one-and-a-half months that they have become active. We will need to negate all their members. This was discussed in detail at the inter-state meeting on Friday with our UP police counterparts,'' added the officer. The Ghaziabad police, meanwhile, also plans to put Prashant and Pandit face to face and question them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "15219648", "title": "Weekend date for user trial of BrahMos missile", "text": "BALASORE: The Indian armed forces are preparing for a user trial of supersonic cruise missile BrahMos from a test range off the Balasore coast. The Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) will provide logistical support for the test.The trial will be conducted from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Chandipur-on-sea, anytime on Saturday or Sunday. DRDO scientists and Army officials have been working on the test since the past fortnight.The BrahMos has been developed as a joint venture between the DRDO and Russia's Federal State Unitary Enterprise NPO Mashinostroyenia (NPOM). The missile is named after two rivers, the Brahmaputra and the Moskva.A scientist associated with the mission said the supersonic BrahMos is a unique missile, unmatched in speed (Mach 3), precision and power. It is also unique in that it has no known counter.\"Preparation for the test is on in full swing. While the missile has already been integrated with the launcher, tracking systems and other technical instruments are being placed to track the missile in full length. The missile will be tested in full operational configuration,\" the scientist told TOI over the phone.BrahMos is a two-stage missile. It is nine metres tall and weighs 3.9 tonnes with the canister. It can reach a speed of 3 Mach and has a range of 290 km. It can be launched from ships, silos and road and rail mobile launchers. It can carry a conventional warhead weighing 300 kg. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15215649", "title": "Bal Thackeray recovering, Uddhav Thackeray marks a \u2018quiet\u2019 birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's health is \"excellent\", said family sources. \"Balasaheb is responding to medication,\" said a close relative. The Sena chief was admitted to Lilavati Hospital early this week after he complained of acute constipation and breathlessness.His son, Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, celebrated his 52nd birthday on Friday on a quiet note. Uddhav, who had undergone angioplasty at Lilavati last week, cancelled his birthday celebrations in view of Balasaheb's fragile health and the drought situation in Maharashtra.MNS chief Raj Thackeray sent Uddhav a bouquet of hundred roses on his birthday, indicating the possibility of reconciliation between the two cousins. \"After six years, a bouquet from Raj went to Matoshree on the occasion of Uddhav's birthday,\" said an MNS functionary.A team of doctors, led by Dr Jalil Parkar and Dr Paresh Warty, is closely monitoring the Sena chief's health. He has undergone many tests in the last three days, the relative said. More tests are in the offing, it is learnt.\"The Sena is a close-knit family and Balasaheb is its head. Uddhav is second-in-command. Their illness has left Sainiks worried,\" said a Sena functionary from south-central Mumbai.Some Sena workers from the Kalyan-Dombivli municipal corporation on Friday trekked to the famous Ganesha shrine in Titwala to pray for the father-son duo's speedy recovery.Senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi, who called on Uddhav on his birthday, said, \"Uddhav's health is improving and we are confident that he will start visiting the Sena Bhavan very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15215266", "title": "Sarang, Varada lose in State Badminton quarters", "text": "NAGPUR: The brilliant run of Sarang Lakhanee and Varada Dixit came to an end in the quarterfinals of the 2nd Maharashtra Senior State Selection Badminton tournament at the Khar Gymkhana in Mumbai on Friday.Both the city shuttlers started the day on a promising note but could not to finish with the same fashion.Twenty-year-old Sarang did pretty well to defeat Shlok Ramchandran of Mumbai Suburban 21-17, 21-18 in the pre-quarters. However, tall left-handeder could not get the better of Mayank Gole in the quarters played in the evening. The third seed from Pune beat Sarang 21-12, 21-12 to set up semis clash against top seed Sagar Chopda. Second seed Subhankar Dey will meet Akshat Patil in the other semis.Varada surprised everyone when the city girl shocked top Indian junior shuttler Karishma Wadkar of Mumbai Suburban 21-19, 8-21, 21-17 in the pre-quarters. But experienced third seed Sonal More stopped Varada with a fine 30-28, 21-11 win.Another city shuttler, Avanti Badhe also went down fighting against Shruti Mundada. The Pune southpaw won 21-18, 21-15.The doubles pair of Nagpur's Jayendra Dhole and Sanket Shirbhate of Mumbai lost against Pune duo of Dhiraj Kumar Gaurav and Akshay Raut in straight games in the pre-quarters.Aditi Mutatkar, Anuradha Shrikhande, Sonal More and Riya Pillai sailed into the women's singles semifinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15218780", "title": "Police raid hookah bars after TOI report", "text": "KOLKATA: Within three days of TOI reporting that Kolkata Police was keen on curing the city of its hookah habit, three employees of the newspaper had a first-hand experience of the cops' seriousness.It was around 3.45 pm when the trio entered a popular hookah bar near Belle Vue Clinic. They had expected it to be near-empty at that hour on a weekday, but it turned out to be quite the opposite. A staffer said it would take around 10 minutes for seats to be vacated in the hookah bar, which happens to be a separate room with the outer part of the popular youngsters' haunt being a general cafe.When the trio got led into the bar it was, as usual, shrouded in a thick haze of smoke with around 10 to 12 youngsters - aged roughly between 18 and 25 - lazily puffing away, relaxing on couches. A short while later, a schoolgirl entered the hookah bar with a friend - the girl conspicuous in her uniform, which the TOI employees identified to be of a reputable school located nearby. She looked no more than 16.It had been hardly 15 minutes before the bar's staffers rushed inside and one of them told the TOI employees: \"Madam uthiye, police ayee hai (Madam, get up, police have come).\" It took a moment for the message to register for the trio. One of them asked what the matter was. To that, the staffer retorted: \"Hookah is illegal.\"By then, the regulars were already walking out. One of them muttered, \"Yeh illegal hai kya? (Is it illegal?)\", as everyone trooped out like criminals being hounded out of a rave party. There were two plainclothesmen standing outside the door of the main bar, keeping an eye on the visitors.There was some confusion around with most people leaving the bar at once. The TOI employees stuck around, choosing to sip their coffee and soft drinks outside, in the cafe. The policemen left within minutes, though no arrests seem to have been made. TOI asked one of the staffers what the problem was about since smoking in a separate enclosure was not illegal, at least not for those above 18. To that, he said there was a \"licence problem\".Senior police officers later confirmed that raids were indeed being conducted across the southern parts of the city and it was because the hookah bars did not have a bona fide licence. \"Eight such outlets were raided on Thursday and nine bar operators were arrested. We have also seized their apparatus and tobacco,\" said Basab Dasgupta, DC (south-east).As many hookah bars were raided in the south division, too, with one arrest being made. \"None of them had a valid licence. We have shut down all such hookah bars. They will be allowed to open only after they get a licence,\" said DC (South) D P Singh. Friday's figures were not yet available.Commissioner of police R K Pachnanda said the \"law will take its own course\".Officials fighting for the effective implementation of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (Copta) in the state welcomed the police action.\"We hope this will be an effective deterrent,\" said Dr K K Pati, state health department's nodal officer for tobacco. \"Provisions for implementation of the Copta are very weak in West Bengal. We have received complaints that in the name of hookah, these bars sell a lot of other illegal stuff. If they want to sell tobacco, let them get a proper licence for it.\" He did not, however, directly name what the \"illegal stuff\" were.Sutapa Biswas, executive director of NGO Cancer Foundation of India, which is part of the state task force to implement Copta, said it was more important that this pressure is sustained. \"Why should these hookah bars not follow the rules? One needs to have a licence to sell tobacco and there are also some rules regarding the place where one can smoke it. For instance, smoking is banned in open spaces, which some of these hookah bars flout. Besides, minors should not be sold tobacco under the Copta. Let these hookah bars follow the rules, no one will stop them then,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220485", "title": "Bidve family satisfied with Stapleton's conviction", "text": "PUNE: The family of Anuj Bidve (23) expressed satisfaction with the conviction of Kiaran Stapleton (21), who was sentenced to 30 years of imprisonment for murdering Bidve.Anuj, who had taken admission for a post-graduate engineering course at the Lancaster University, was killed in Manchester last year in an unprovoked attack by Stapleton. The jury at Manchester Crown Court on Friday sentenced Stapleton to minimum 30 years of jail term. Anuj's parents, who had attended the complete court proceedings of the case in Manchester for the past five weeks, will return to Mumbai on Sunday afternoon, said Rakesh Sonawane, brother-in-law of Anuj.Sonawane, who also had attended some of the court proceedings, said at a news conference here on Friday evening, \"I was surprised to see the criminal history of Stapleton. During the trial, he had also thrown hot water on another prisoner and this was mentioned during the hearing of the case. I feel this act also went against him.\"Stapleton's lawyer tried to defend him saying that he was very young,\" Sonawane added.\"The decision of the court would bring some relief to the family. We have lost Anuj, but the feeling that \"justice is done\" will remain with us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220473", "title": "World Hepatitis Day ahead: Be on guard against liver disease", "text": "PUNE: Last month an outbreak of hepatitis E struck Ichalkaranji, killing at least 15 people and leaving over 6,700 sick. The epidemic brought to the fore the fact that hepatitis E continues to be a widespread problem in areas with an inadequate sewage disposal system and water treatment measures.A study conducted by the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in 2010 has also found an alarming rise in the prevalence of the hepatitis A and E viruses in the Mutha river over the last eight years.The hepatitis E virus is transmitted via the faecal-oral route, principally via contaminated water. Risk factors for hepatitis E are related to poor sanitation in large areas of the world and shedding of the hepatitis E virus in faeces.\"The water flowing through the Mutha river has a high prevalence of jaundice-causing viruses and is a potential health hazard to the city's population,\" says scientist Vidya Arankalle, senior deputy director of NIV. \"This could pose a threat to the drinking water supply system and to public health.\"The study documents that although Pune's drinking water supply system is safe with respect to enteric viruses, the viruses are present in the Mutha river. However, in case of accidental contamination, which could happen during a breakage in the pipelines which carry the drinking water, or when the river overflows during the monsoon, this could prove dangerous, Arankalle said.\"Besides the hepatitis A and E viruses, our study documented high prevalence of enteric viruses, human enteroviruses (coxsackievirus, echo virus and others) which cause a range of infections, as well as rota viruses which cause dysentery.\"\"This is the first study to systematically document the presence of viruses in the river and it also provides an insight into the extent to which the river has been contaminated with human enteric viruses,\" Arankalle said.Compared to an earlier study conducted in 1999, it shows a significant increase in the prevalence of hepatitis A from 24.4 per cent to 76.5 per cent and hepatitis E, from 11 per cent to 25 per cent, she said.Outlets from two sewage treatment plants and untreated sewage from several open drainage lines are discharged into the river as it passes through the city. A few industries and the huge slum areas directly release sewage into the river. As per estimates, about 350 million litres of sewage is directly released into the river without treatment.\"During the hepatitis E outbreak, we tested water samples of the river in Ichalkaranji and found the presence of the hepatitis E virus. After the administration undertook super chlorination methods, we once again took the river water samples and tested them but didn't find any virus then,\" Arankalle said.Symptoms* The incubation period following exposure to the hepatitis E virus ranges from three to eight weeks, with a mean of 40 days. The period of communicability is unknown.* The hepatitis E virus causes acute sporadic and epidemic viral hepatitis. Symptomatic infection is most common in young adults aged 15 to 40 years. Although infection is frequent in children, the disease is mostly asymptomatic or causes a very mild illness without jaundice (anicteric) that goes undiagnosed.Typical signs and symptoms of hepatitis include:* Jaundice (yellow discoloration of the skin and sclera of the eyes, dark urine and pale stools)* Anorexia (loss of appetite)* An enlarged, tender liver (hepatomegaly)* Abdominal pain and tenderness* Nausea and vomiting* FeverPreventionThe risk of infection and transmission can be reduced by:* Maintaining quality standards for public water supplies* Establishing proper disposal systems to eliminate sanitary wasteOn an individual level, infection risk can be reduced by:* Maintaining hygienic practices such as hand-washing with safe water, particularly before handling food* Avoiding drinking water and/or ice of unknown purity* Avoiding eating uncooked shellfish, and uncooked fruits or vegetables that are not peeled or that are prepared by people living in or travelling in highly endemic countries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230276", "title": "I\u2019m in no mood to \u2018counter\u2019 anyone: Ajay Devgn", "text": "Last week, we told you how Yash Raj Films has started planning ahead for the big clash this Diwali when Ajay Devgn's Son Of Sardar would compete with Shah Rukh Khan's Yash Chopra directed film.However, the production house's strategy of pre-booking maximum screens in theatres across the country leaving Devgn's film with very little choice has failed to bother the actor, who is currently on a high after his third 100-crore film. To TOI, Devgn reveals, he is in no mood to 'counter anybody'.In fact, Devgn feels the socalled 'battle' is media generated and believes that no production house can actually stop another film from releasing. \"The picture is already clear. Everything will be balanced. There is no other way,\" says Devgn and adds, \"The exhibitors are sensible enough to decide which film to release where. They know how to balance things out. They can't let their business suffer. I just hope my film works. Actually, I am confident about it.\"So does he have a strategy too? \"The attempt is to make a good film,\" says the man who has helmed the 100-crore-club in Bollywood , adding, \"If a good film releases, it will work. If both films are good, they will fare well. I am not competing with anybody. I don't want to.\"After all, in the last few years, Devgn has had three moneyspinners - Golmaal 3, Singham and Bol Bachchan. But for the actor, 100 crore 'is just a term'. \"When a film does this kind of business, it means the audiences have appreciated it. The pressure builds when people start talking about it. In fact, when Bol Bachchan released people had started speculating whether it will touch the 100-crore mark. Though reports said the film was doing well, we were worried about meeting expectations. It dilutes your happiness. Ke aapki picture chal gayi aur aap kuch aur hope kar rahe ho. Enjoying success has become difficult for me,\" claims he.Interestingly, the man who had partnered Devgn in creating the 100-crore-club is now making a film with Shah Rukh Khan - reportedly his archrival. But Devgn couldn't be bothered less. \"When Rohit Shetty met SRK, I was the first one to know. I asked him to go ahead and make the film. Rohit has grown with me, so it makes me feel nice,\" explains the actor who had just finished lunch with Rohit before joining us for a tete-a-tete.Do the critics bother him? The ones who run down his moneyspinners calling them 'mindless'? \"I make films for the audience. Not for a handful of critics. If they call a moneyspinner 'mindless' they are actually calling the audience that. People will spend money on something that entertains them. In fact, films that have got 1 or 1.5 stars, unke hee 100 crore ke dhande hue hai,\" Devgn retorts.Explaining his success formula, Devgn says, \"People want their heroes to do things they can't. If a hero fights the system and fails, then he isn't a hero. Woh hum mein se ek hai. \"And that's exactly what his next film offers. \" Son Of Sardar is an entertaining clean film that the entire family can watch together,\" says the 'hero' before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15221193", "title": "Indian School of Mines hosts lecture series", "text": "DHANBAD: Year-long lecture series on Madan Mohan Malviya to mark his 150th birth anniversary started at the department of management studies in Indian School of Mines on Friday.Swami Chidnanad, the director of Krishnamurthi Foundation, said society was disintegrated and fragmented because of lack of values and inner contradictions .Happiness was decreasing despite growing affluence as people have become greedy. Greed, he said, was the source of all errors committed by a human being. He asked the corporate world to practise value-based management policies.Chandan Mitra, MP, spoke on the role of media in promoting values. \"Before Independence, the media was the opinion maker and even Mahatma Gandhi used to visit the editors whose papers did not support his movement for Freedom,\" he said media should play a positive role on social reforms, but now media cannot be a pure social reform weapon, it is a business in which profit is the main motive. \"TRP is the main consideration for the television channels.\"Chairman of Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management, New Delhi, Anil Shastri recalled even as Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri stayed in government bungalow which was not carpetted. \"When I, a 15-year-old then, suggested him that at least the bed room should have carpets, he told me 'you are lucky that you are staying in a government house, think of millions who are without any roof over their head',\" said Shastri.He claimed the present generation was more attached to the great leaders like Rabindranath Tagore, Vivekanand, Madan Mohan Malviya and Lal Bahadu Shastri than their seniors. He suggested educational institutions should promote value system and ideas of Great leaders among the students.He regretted the media was promoting corruption and cited his case to fortify his claim. \"In Benaras, when I contested the Lok Sabha election, a media house demanded a package of Rs 50 lakh to promote him and its managers told him, since he was son of Lal Bahadur Shastri's son, he was getting concession, otherwise his rival BJP candidate was buying the media package for Rs 60 lakh. Since, I did not agree for the package, I lost,\" he said.D C Panigrahi, the director of ISM, delivered the presidential speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217219", "title": "3 held for extortion bid on MNS leader", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men, including a developer from Dahisar who allegedly threatened an MNS MLA, saying that the underworld had issued a supari (contract killing) to them to kill him and demanded Rs 40 lakh not to do so, were arrested by the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch.The three arrested have been identified as Nitin Naik (35), Mahesh Vaghela (26) and developer Atul Pandya (49). The police have launched a manhunt for the main accused, identified as John Nayar.According to sources, the complainant in the case is Dahisar MNS MLA Pravin Darekar's personal assistant whose name has been withheld. On July 24, around 2pm, while Darekar was attending the monsoon session at Vidhan Bhavan, his PA received a phone call from an international number. The caller identified himself as John Nayar.\"When the PA told the caller that his boss was busy attending assembly, the caller left a message, asking him to call back urgently,'' said an officer. Later, in the evening, when Darekar called back, the caller told him that he was John Nayar, a member of an underworld gang and that he had got a contract to kill him. Nayar told Darekar that Atul Pandya, a builder who is developing a property in Vashaili Nagar in Dahisar, has given him the Rs 50 crore contract to kill Darekar. Nayar also told the MLA that though the offer was open, he has yet not taken the contract but chosen to inform him. Nayar said he was sending his man, Nitin Naik, and that Darekar should pay him Rs 40 lakh.\"Darekar informed the police and the case was handed over to the anti-extortion cell'' said JCP Himanshu Roy.When Naik went to Darekar's office, Nitin Alaknure, senior inspector of AEC, detained him. Naik said he was sent by Vaghela. Inspector Satish Mayekar then asked Naik to call Vaghela and asked him to come to Andheri. When Vaghela came, the cops picked him up. Vaghela then revealed Pandya's name and he was picked up. It emerged that the trio had planned to extort money from Darekar and hence they hatched a plan about the supari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15221965", "title": "2 HIV patients go virus-free after bone marrow operation", "text": "Two HIV-positive patients no longer have detectable HIV in their blood cells after they underwent bone marrow transplants, according to researchers at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.The virus was easily detected in blood lymphocytes of both men prior to their transplants but became undetectable by eight months post-transplant . The men have remained on anti-retroviral therapy.Timothy Henrich, MD and Daniel Kuritzkes, MD, physician-researchers in the Division of Infectious Diseases at BWH, presented their cases at the International AIDS Conference. \"This gives us some important information. It suggests that under the cover of antiretroviral therapy, the cells that repopulated the patient's immune system appear to be protected from becoming re-infected with HIV,\" said Kuritzkes.One patient's bone marrow transplant was two years ago, the other was four years ago. Both were performed at the Dana-Farber / Brigham and Women's Cancer Center.Over time, as the patients' cells were replaced by donor cells, traces of HIV were lost. Now, both patients have no detectable HIV DNA or RNA in their blood.The level of HIV antibody , a measure of exposure to HIV, also declined in both men. \"We expected HIV to vanish from the patients' plasma, but it is surprising that we can't find any traces of HIV in their cells.\"The next step is to determine if there are any traces of HIV in their tissue.\" said Henrich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15221311", "title": "Chennai Olympics: Event of joy for poor, orphans", "text": "CHENNAI: While the world will witness the Olympics in London, more than 900 children from 40 orphanages and homes for under-privileged children in Chennai and its surrounding areas are going to have their own version of Olympics on Sunday.At the Chennapuri Annadana Samajam branch orphanage-cum-high school in R A Puram, the hostel warden M Raja, who also doubles up as the coach for the student sportsmen, proudly brandishes the list of the boys picked by him for the 100 metres dash, 200 metres, 400 metres, relay race, long jump, high jump, shotput, chess, carrom, volleyball, kho kho and kabaddi.\"Although it will be very late for the boys by the time the Olympic Games opens in London on Friday night, I will switch on the television set to enable them to at least watch some of the actions there,\" he told TOI amidst cheer from his wards.A B Nerthigan and S Praveen Kumar - both students of Class 8 - have been practicing for the 400 metres inside the compound of P V Rao High School run by the samajam for the past one month. J Manikandan and K Murali, participants in 100-metres race, V Velmurugan and S Subash Chandra Bose in high jump category, R Shaktivel of relay and shot put are among those dreaming of winning medals.\"We are eager to participate in the sports meet on Sunday. We enjoyed the cultural and arts competitions held earlier as we make more friends here and it boosts our self-confidence,\" said P Chakravarthy, who will be a contestant in kho kho and kabaddi at the sports meet to be held at St Joseph's College of Engineering on Old Mahabalipuram Road.\"They will get gold, silver and bronze medals besides certificates of honour and gifts like electronic game sets,\" said Vaishnavi Srinivasan, president of Bhumi, a voluntary youth organisation, which will organise the event. The sports meet for orphans, under-privileged children and children of poor single parents, will be the culmination of an annual inter-children's home art, cultural, science talent and sports festival, she said. Indoor games like chess and carrom will also be part of the event on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15228651", "title": "DTE cautioned students about unapproved and bogus institutes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) in Haryana on Friday cautioned students and their parents about taking admission in unapproved or bogus institutes which charge hefty fees and issue fake certificates or degrees.Students seeking admission in any of the technical institutions must first check the status of approval of the institutions on the website www.aicte-india.org and www.techeduhry.nic.in, a spokesman of the department said.\"As far as the programmes run under distance mode by the deemed universities are concerned, the approval of the UGC-AICTE-DEC joint committee is mandatory and the matter is being dealt by the Distance Education Council, Indira Gandhi National Open University,\" the spokesman said\"Any information in this regard may be obtained from the Director, Distance Education Council, Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi and Member Secretary All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214274", "title": "Moon sighting committees need to network better", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an age when science and technology have progressed beyond imagination, it is ironic that the Muslim communities across the world are still to come to an understanding on the sighting of the first moon of the lunar month.There was inordinate delay in announcing the sighting of moon on July 20 in Hyderabad. With the sky overcast and heavy rain lashing the city, the Ruyat-e-Hilal (moon sighting) committee was waiting for information from anywhere in the state to make its announcement on the arrival of Ramzan. When there was no call from within the state, the committee members decided to check with other states and found that they too were sailing on the same boat. The committee then announced that since the moon was not sighted on Friday the first day of Ramzan would not be on Saturday, as was written in Islamic calendar, but on Sunday.But soon after the announcement was made, a committee member received a phone call from a well known mufti from Mysore saying that his trustworthy witnesses had sighted the moon. On the basis of that information the committee regrouped again, retracted its earlier statement and declared the following day to be first day of the fasting month. But the delay in announcement and its later correction had already created confusion and consternation among the faithful. People in Maharashtra and Gujarat did not accept this announcement and for them Ramzan began on Sunday.In Hyderabad during the times of the Nizam, the sighting of the moon used to be announced through a firman. In later years a group of senior religious leaders got together to form a council, Majlis-e-Ulema-e-Deccan (Mued) under which a Ruyat-e-Hilal committee was set up. The committee had the exclusive task of sitting at the end of every month to announce the beginning of the new month.Maulana Qubool Pasha Shuttari, president of the Mued, terms the assignment of seeing the moon as a sensitive task which has to be dealt with utmost caution. There used to more confusion earlier. Now there is more coordination between the moon sighting committees in the country. He clarifies that there is no disagreement between the ulema of different schools of thought on the issue. The ulema following the Khankhahi Nizam (Sufi system) or those aligned with Nadwatul Ulema, Lucknow, or Darul Uloom, Devband, have been coordinating and cooperating with each other on the issue of moon sighting. However, he does not discount the differences between ulema on sighting of the moon and its location. Some are adamant that the moon should be sighted in their town or even neighbourhood while others accept a larger geographical region.Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani, general secretary of Islamic Fiqh (jurisprudence) Academy of India, largely echoes the sentiments expressed by Maulana Shuttari. He says for the Fiqh Academy, India is one geographical region. If there is sound evidence that the moon has been sighted in one place, the entire country should accept that position. He believes that confusion arises more out of administrative deficiencies than disagreement on the Islamic law.There were times, not long ago, when the moon sighting committees differed in opinion owing to non-availability of faster means of communication. Now with phenomenal development in IT, the entire country is connected and information is shared in a matter of seconds. Therefore, emphasis should be on better coordination among the committees.Muslim astronomers who also have the knowledge of sharia (Islamic law) have made things simpler. One such US-based expert Khalid Shaukat says new moon is also no moon since it cannot be seen for the next several hours. It becomes visible at different times in different geographical or time zones because of the angle at which it is travelling. Since sighting of the moon is imperative in determining the onset of a new month, the birth of moon cannot be made the basis for that.Maulana Rahmani says that the moon sighting should not depend entirely on the statements of experts. But their opinion should be taken into consideration by the committee members.All this means that there is possibility of avoiding confusion provided the ulema rise above parochial approaches and narrow interpretations of the holy texts. Better cooperation and quicker exchange of information among the committees in India could resolve the problems related to the sighting of the crescent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15218754", "title": "Cotton traders protest imposition of local body tax", "text": "AMRAVATI: This city is famous for its cotton market, but it may lose this identity if the state government does not exempt cotton merchants from the hefty local body tax (LBT). Along with cotton merchants, cotton growers too are set to bear the brunt of LBT.The cotton growers from the nearby villages have always brought their cotton produce to Amravati. They used to pay nominal charges over octroi, however, now the government has replaced octroi with the Local Body tax (LBT). Farmers are finding it difficult to pay the hefty LBT.On Friday a delegation of Cotton traders association meet AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona and highlighted their problem. The delegation told the commissioner that farmers used to pay only Rs1.50 per quintal when octroi was applicable in AMC, but now farmers have to shell out Rs20 per quintal. So, many farmers have stopped coming to Amravati market to sell cotton, and prefer to sell their produce in other nearby markets. This is leading to cotton merchants facing losses, they said.Sona told the delegation that AMC had sent the rate card to the government, which is responsible for fixing rates. LBT rates are applied on percentage basis and on cotton 0.5% LBT has been fixed. AMC has tried to maintain the balance in octroi and LBT by suggesting LBT rate that is almost same as that of octrio. He said fixing rate is a policy decision, so administration would need government approval to make any changes. He assured to take up the issue with the government.Yuwa Sena protests bad quality of food in schoolsYuwa Sena held a demonstration on Friday to highlight the bad quality of food served as nutritional meals to students of zilla parishad schools.The agitation was led by Yuwa Sena president and Shiv Sena corporator Pravin Haramkar at zilla parishad premises. Activists showed the poor quality of grains that are cooked for students to ZP CEO Anand Jagtap.Haramkar said he visited several zilla parishad schools and inspected the food provided as part of the nutritional food scheme and was stunned to see grain full of grubs and insects. The ingredients used for making food were of very low quality. Some schools were also using chilly power beyond its expiry date. The situation is almost same in all schools, he said. Jagtap has assured to take action against guilty officers, said Haramkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218280", "title": "Samajwadi Party issues gag orders for party workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party on Friday issued gag orders for all party workers on making statements before the media or participating in live political debates on news channels. The party's state unit also postponed the meetings of party workers and office bearers of district units slated for July 28, 29 and 30 (2012), till further notice.As per a statement issued by the party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav , it was stated that in the recent past there have been several occasions where people have appeared before the media and participated in political debate on behalf of the party, even when they were not members of SP.The official release, quoting the party leadership said statements made by the party president Mulayam Singh Yadav , general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav, party's state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and spokesperson of the party's UP unit Rajendra Chaudhary should be deemed as official party line and can reflect the party's stance at any level. Anybody else in the party communicating with the media should do so as an individual and their statements should be deemed as their personal views.There were quite a few interpretations in circulation over what prompted the party to issue the gag orders and postpone the much hyped meetings of the party workers so abruptly. While most of the leaders in the party claimed that the meetings had been postponed following requests from party workers on account of the ongoing Ramzan.\"Actually the senior leaders were informed that during the first fortnight of Ramzan, devout offer evening prayers (Tarabi) usually at a particular local mosque during which they recite an average of two of the 30 chapters of the sacred book per day. Hence attending the meeting at Lucknow for three days would have caused inconvenience to most of the Muslim party workers,\" said a senior leader on the condition of anonymity. \"When this was brought to the notice of the senior leaders, they decided to postpone the meetings at least for the first fortnight of Ramzan,\" he said.As far as the gag orders are concerned, some leaders saw it an attempt to silence some senior ministers in the cabinet, who don't think twice before making a comment to the media. \"But the official communication talks of people, who are not even the members of party, have been participating in political debates on news channels and talking on behalf of the party,\" pointed out a senior leader.Some others saw it as fallout of the controversy created in the run up to the presidential elections when one of the senior party leaders appeared in the media supporting former president APJ Abdul Kalaam as the candidate whom the party may support. This left the party supremo Mulayam face some uncomfortable questions, when he officially suggested names of three candidates of his choice along with All India Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamta Banerjee , which did not include the name of Kalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15216046", "title": "Training on GPS-based patrolling completed at R'Bore &amp; Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: Another round of training on the Global Positioning System (GPS) based patrolling in Ranthambore and Sariska tiger reserves was completed on Friday. Training for the Sariska sanctuary was carried out on July 23 and 24 while that for Ranthambore took place on July 26 and 27.According to A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan, \"This is a new software-based monitoring system that has been introduced at the seven tiger reserves across the country. We have already submitted the first quarter report for Ranthambore on patrolling done through this method in March. Report for Sariska is pending and will be submitted soon. The training is an ongoing process.\"The new system of patrolling was introduced by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Institute of India (WII) in a bid to strengthen patrolling and surveillance of the endangered tigers. Christened M-STrIPES, it is a software-based monitoring system for tigers wherein forest guards are equipped with personal digital assistants (PDAs) and geographical positioning system (GPS) devices to capture data regarding tiger sightings, wild life crimes, deaths and ecological monitors, etc., during patrolling.\"These devices will let the forest guards mark precisely where they had spotted tigers or other animals. The data will then be brought to the office of the field director and the spots will be marked on the map of the reserve through a special software devised by WII,\" officials explained.\"The data will then be uplinked to a central server, which can be accessed and analysed by officials at site, state or central levels periodically. The software system would also map the patrol routes of forest guards and monitor distribution of different animal species. It will also enable us to keep track of those forest areas that have been monitored against those that haven't been. Besides it will also help us detect vulnerable areas in the forest and detect poaching early,\" he added.Other tiger reserves where the system is being tried out are Corbett ( Uttarakhand ), Kanha ( Madhya Pradesh ), Bhadra (Karnataka), Anamalai (Tamil Nadu) and Nagarjunasagar (Andhra Pradesh).EomJaipur: Another round of training on the Global Positioning System (GPS) based patrolling in the Ranthambhore and Sariska tiger reserves was completed on Friday. While the training for the Sariska tiger reserve was done on July 23 and 24 that for Ranthambhore was done on July 26 and 27.According to AC Chaubey, Chief Wildlife Warden, Rajasthan, This is a new software-based monitoring system that has been introduced at seven tiger reserves across the country. We have already submitted the first quarter report for Ranthambhore on patrolling done by this method in March. But that for Sariska is pending and we will do it soon. The training is an on going process.\"The new system of patrolling was introduced by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Institute of India (WII) in a bid to strengthen patrolling and surveillance of the endangered tigers. Christened M-STrIPES, it is a software-based monitoring system for tigers where forest guards are equipped with personal digital assistants (PDAs) and Geographical Positioning System (GPS) devices to capture data relating to tiger sightings, wild life crime, deaths and ecological monitors among others while patrolling.These devices will let the forest guards mark precisely where he had seen the tiger or the scene of tiger or other animals. These data will then be brought to the office of the field director or to the office of the field director and through a special software, deviced by WII, these spots will be marked on the map of the reserve,\" officials explained.The data will then be uplinked to a central server, which can be accessed and analysed by officials at the site-level, state or central level on a period basis. The software system would also map the patrol routes of the forest guards and monitor distribution of different animal species of animals in it. It will also enable us to keep a track of parts of the forest that have been monitored against those areas that have not. Besides but it will also help us detect vulnerable areas in the forest and signal early poaching signs,\" he added.The other tiger reserves where the system is being tried out are Corbett (Uttarakhand), Kanha (Madhya Pradesh), Bhadra (Karnataka), Anamalai (Tamil Nadu) and Nagarjunasagar (Andhra Pradesh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bnaglore", "code": "15228650", "title": "Indian IT companies step up hiring in US", "text": "BNAGLORE: The pace at which Indian IT will expand its direct presence in the US with local hires looks certain to accelerate rapidly.While the general anti-offshoring mood among American politicians and the growing difficulties in obtaining visas are two big reasons for this, there are other reasons emerging.With Indian IT's capabilities growing and customers willing increasingly to outsource complex work to them, a lot more of onsite work is imminent. Wipro's CEO for the IT business TK Kurien told TOI that IT architecture work, system design and prototyping work will happen onsite, in front of the customer. \"This means that it's not enough to have a dedicated sales force at the client end; you also need system architects in different geographies,\" he said.Indian IT already supports 280,000 jobs in the US, including 107,000 direct jobs and over 175,000 ancillary jobs, as per a recent study by IT industry body Nasscom. These jobs were created in the last five years. The next five could see a multiple of this.Infosys Technologies has plans to hire 2,000 people for its new delivery centre in Milwaukee , Wisconsin, by the end of this calendar year. The new centre will provide services across system integration, consulting and end-to-end technology. Last year, the company hired 1,200 people in the US.TCS hired 1,600 people in the US last financial year and they plan to hire 2,000 people this year for its centres in Cincinnati , Milford and Michigan.Wipro declined to break up its yearly numbers but said that as of January , it had in excess of 10,000 people in the Americas and that 40% of these were local hires.\"Indian IT companies need to have significant delivery capabilities in consumer locations,\" said Siddharth Pai, MD of outsourcing advisory firm ISG. \"There is tremendous value in stepping up onsite hiring.\"Though Indian companies say they are resilient to the anti-outsourcing rhetoric, the pressure to create jobs locally is evident.There has been a sharp increase in the rate of rejection of applications for H-1 B and L-1 work visas by Indian IT professionals.\"The new normal has brought in a new set of challenges that is changing the market dynamics in unprecedented ways. The economic slowdown across the world, especially in developed economies like the US and Europe, is putting pressure on the social and community systems,\" said Naveen Narayanan, global head of talent acquisition in HCL Technologies . HCL, he said, plans to create 10,000 jobs by 2015 in the US and European markets.The company has collaborated with Consumers Energy, the fourth largest US electric and natural gas company, to open a new centre of excellence called the Michigan Technology Development Centre.HCL expects to hire 300 local technology professionals during the first phase of the centre's opening. The company recently opened a global delivery centre in Redmond, Washington , with an initial investment of $4 million, which will create more than 400 jobs in the Seattle area over the next two years.\"It is important to build scale and size into onsite locations for IT companies to be effective in their offshore operations,\" Ambarish Dasgupta, executive director in consultancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/chirang", "code": "15220890", "title": "Ailments intensify inmates' sense of loss", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/CHIRANG: Five-year-old Budhiswar Basumatary, an inmate at the Kokrajhar Commerce College relief camp, lies on the floor in a state of delirium under the blazing Friday sun, his body raging with fever. His mother, Sumona, fans her child with a piece of hard paper in a desperate attempt to bring down his body temperature. Budhiswar has been suffering from high fever since Thursday.In another corner of the building, three-and-half-month pregnant Roje Basumatary lies on a mat, staring blankly at the ceiling. She came to the relief camp after her house was torched by miscreants on Tuesday. She looks pale and is exhausted after walking for about five km from her village, Malgaon, to the college building.Sixty-five-year-old college teacher Modaram Mushahary has been complaining of severe gastric pain for the past three days. He tearfully shares his memories of the good and healthy life he left behind in Malgaon with other inmates. The village, he says, now abounds with charred remains of what used to be homes.These are common scenes at the college, located in the heart of Kokrajhar town, the district headquarters. The entire college has been transformed into a relief camp to shelter people displaced by the Bodo-Muslim ethnic clash from 16 villages surrounding the town. The camp is now home to 1,512 men, women and children.As the days pass, the sense of loss and displacement of the clash victims is compounded due to their affliction by various ailments in the relief camp.\"The day we landed at the relief camp, the only thought in our mind was that our lives had been saved. But, with the passing of days, we are becoming increasingly afflicted by diseases, which is deepening our sense of loss,\" Modaram said.There are 419 children in the relief camp and most of them are suffering from fever, cold, dysentery and other stomach ailments. On the verandah of a building on the college campus, a long queue of women carrying their children on their backs await their turn for a medical check-up - both for themselves and their kids.\"Fever, common cold and stomach ailments are the ailments most of the people here are suffering from. As the days become hotter, these diseases are proliferating,\" a doctor at the camp said.Health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said four trucks of medicines have been sent to violence-affected districts on Thursday. He added an additional team of doctors and paramedics is also being rushed to assist medics in the affected districts.Kokrajhar Commerce College is located in the heart of the town, where supply of relief materials and medical care is not a problem, but the same cannot be said about relief camps in remote violence-hit areas.At a relief camp in Duramari, a minority-dominated village, 50-year-old Zamiran Bewa's health condition took a serious turn on Friday. She has become extremely weak as she hasn't been eating for the past several days because of the trauma she suffered in the violence. Doctors said that she needs to be shifted to a hospital as there are no medical facilities to treat her in the relief camp.\"How can we take her from the camp to another location for treatment in a situation where the violence has not subsided and security is a concern? We told the district administration to provide medical facilities in the relief camp itself, but nothing has been done yet,\" said Abdul Aziz, All Assam Minority Students Union (AAMSU) adviser.Many fear that if health issues are not addressed immediately, there might be an outbreak of cholera or some other epidemic among the inmates of relief camps in interior locations.A health official said that inmates are becoming vulnerable to diseases as many of the camps do not have contamination-free drinking water and proper sanitary arrangement.A total of 270 relief camps have sprung up in Chirang, Kokrajhar, Dhubri and Bongaigaon districts where over three lakh people have taken shelter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15221930", "title": "MC roots for development grant as given to Delhi", "text": "SHIMLA: The Shimla municipal corporation (MC) has demanded an overall capital development grant on the tune of what the capital city Delhi gets. A resolution to this effect was mooted in the MC House on Friday and the proposal would be sent to government for such a grant for development of the town.The proposal has been suggested for equitable distribution of resources for the development of all MC wards. Now, a Rs 3 crore grant is received for development of merged areas. The MC has also proposed a street vendor policy to contain the problem of illegal vendors. The policy will be prepared after taking into consideration suggestions of a seven-member committee, led by deputy mayor, and the national vendor policy, directions of HP high court on vendors, and earlier committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15221934", "title": "Kanpur Dehat faces anti-venom shortage", "text": "KANPUR: In the monsoon season cases of snake-bite increase and there is an acute shortage of anti-venom vaccine in the CHCs located in remote areas of Kanpur Dehat.\"The rainy season has seen a spurt in the number of snake-bite cases. As the rain water enters the holes of the snakes, they prefer taking shelter in dry areas. People in rural areas, who sleep on the floor or work in the paddy fields are at risk,\" said a doctor at Kanpur Dehat district hospital.Sources said that most of the CHCs do not have anti-venom vaccine. As a result, doctors have to refer patients to district hospital. \"If the course is not started timely, the patient dies a painful death within three hours of the bite,\" added.In the last 24 hours, around four cases of snake-bite were reported from Akbarpur, Derapur and Rura areas. Soni, wife of Kallu of Nariha village, was admitted to the district hospital on Tuesday. The incident occurred while she had gone to fetch something inside her room on Tuesday evening. The doctors stated her condition to be critical.A girl identified as Salma, daughter of Mohammad Ali of Simramau village in Rura was bitten by poisonous snake, she was admitted in the district hospital, where her condition was stated to be stable.In yet another case, Ram Sagar of Sargaon Buzurg was working in the agricultural field when he was bitten by a poisonous snake. The family members took him to the district hospital in a critical condition.The kin of Harmohan Singh of Fattepur, created ruckus after the doctors denied him treatment due to non-availability of anti-venom vaccine in the hospital. Later, they rushed him to the district hospital.A doctor at the CHC said that there is shortage of anti-venom vaccines and that they have been facing hardships while treating patients. \"If not treated timely, the snake bite can be fatal\" he said. The market price of an anti-snake venom is around Rs 1,000, it is given free of cost at the hospital to urban as well as rural patients.On an average, two to three patients of snake-bite visit Kanpur Dehat district hospital daily. Since July, the doctors at most of the CHC's have been referring patients to district hospital.The villagers in remote areas of Kanpur Dehat alleged that many times, the victims have no other option but to contact 'ojhas' and snake-charmers. A district official said the snake bite victim is supposed to get immediate medical assistance as one dies immediately in case the venum enters the veins. One should be treated within two to three hours of the bite. People often prefer going to snake-charmers, but this does not help. Soon after a snake-bite, the area should be tightly wound with a cloth so that the venom does not spread to the other parts of the body. He claimed that anti-snake venom was available in adequate quantity and there was no shortage of it.UP is home to six snake varieties that are highly poisonous of which common cobra and krait cobra are deadly.Fazal Farooqui, an expertise in trapping snakes, said: \"The initial few minutes after a snake-bite are crucial. Because there are no uniform guidelines, hospitals cause delay before the patient is put on effective treatment. Instead of going to the nearest hospital, villagers rely on traditional healers who are often quacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15222526", "title": "B-schools usher in more diversity", "text": "CHENNAI: Almost all engineers graduating these days are asked the question, \"So, are you going for MBA next?\" The tag of management with engineering is so common now that there are many students who take up engineering only to do an MBA later. Another common perception was that B-schools were generally male-dominated. Perhaps to break these years-old notions of B-schools, more of them are focusing now on more disciplines and gender diversity.While 90% of students in premier B-schools have an engineering background, changes in the format of the CAT (common admission test), the entrance examination for entry to most management institutes, since last year have ensured greater diversity in disciplines on campuses.Prior to 2011, equal weightage was given to the quantitative section (30%), logic (30%) and language (30%). This changed last year with two sections - quantitative ability and data interpretation, and verbal ability and reasoning. The thought behind the change was to get in candidates who are good at both, language and math.\"The results are already evident. When it comes to communication and language, women score better. Till last year, women accounted for only 10% of the batch size across IIMs, for the 2012-14 batch the figure is 20%,\" MJ Xavier, director, IIM-Ranchi said. Average batch size around the IIMs is 330.It's not only change in examination patterns. Some institutes like New Delhi based IMI (International Management Institute) are giving more weightage to women during the selection process. \"While our batch size continues to remain at 180, we ensure 30% of the class comprises women now compared to 20% around five years back. At the end of the day, management education has to provide a total perspective on life and diversity is one way by which we can address this,\" Dr Pritam Singh, director general and professor, International Management Institute said.\"We make it a point to give one mark more to women and non engineering graduates who perform well during group discussions and interviews. And that final stage, that one mark makes all the difference towards gaining entry,\" said another academician from a premier B school who did not want to be named.While some B schools like IIM-A have always known to follow an index scoring pattern in an effort to woo graduates across disciplines, such diversity became more evident with the arrival of new B schools such as ISB (Indian School of Business) that modeled itself on premier B schools abroad, with work experience and discipline diversity being core to the final selection. \"With the teaching methodology at IIMs being case study based, a diverse student body results in a wider range of view points and ultimately adds value to the classroom discussion,\" academician and author Prafull Anubhai said. His book the IIM-A story hit the stands sometime back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15217496", "title": "Use more, pay more for water", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumers across the state will soon have to pay more if they consume more water. The state government has asked urban local bodies in the state to work towards introduction of telescopic rates for water supply.The telescopic rates envisage higher tariff for overconsumption of water.Malini Shankar, principal secretary, water supply and sanitation, said instructions had been issued. The move is aimed at rationalizing water pricing under the Maharashtra Sujal Nirmal Abhiyaan. The government has asked local bodies to reduce the proportion of unaccounted for water (UFW). A preliminary survey has found the extent of UFW in local bodies ranges from 26% to a staggering 85%, Shankar said, while adding that the statistics are being revalidated.On Friday, World Bank representatives presented a report on business plans for water supply and sanitation in Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218965", "title": "City police chief calls vacancies a major hurdle in policing", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay sounded sore over existing vacancies, especially in the post of the officers, claiming it was a major difficulty in dealing with crimes. Dhanvijay underlined the fact that nearly 40% of the posts of the officers in city are lying vacant.Commenting on the spurt in street crime, Dhanvijay said city police's efforts were not bringing results due to lack of supervisory officers. \"Policing in cities is largely officer-oriented unlike in rural areas. We have almost 10 posts of assistant commissioners of police vacant in the city which has plagued the functioning to a large extent,\" he said. Dhanvijay, set to complete two-years as police chief in city, suggested it was time government considered a separate cadre for officers up to the rank of ACP.Dhanvijay said he ensured that 71 hardcore criminals were externed till June this year which was a record. A comparative figure till June shows there were only 17 orders of externment issued last year. \"We have really clamped down on hardcore criminals. Our officers have fought up to Supreme Court in a case of preventive action under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act to ensure the accused would not slip through legal loopholes. A number of goons have been sent behind bars,\" said Dhanvijay. He admitted chain-snatching had become an irksome concern.The top cop said the police department was also now being challenged by a fresh generation of criminals. \"We have nabbed two chain-snatchers who are studying at different colleges and are from good families. The freshers in crime are undoing our efforts when we are running after hardcore goons having criminal records,\" he said.Analyzing the rise in cases of burglaries, Dhanvijay said police were left to fight grim legal battle after a suspect is nabbed. \"We have lost custody of hardcore burglars after arguing against bail in many cases,\" he said. He also welcomed a recent observation by the Bombay High Court in a matter of bail stressing that the larger interest of the society could not be ignored against the personal liberty of somebody accused of heinous crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15220887", "title": "Assam health department to launch helpline for victims", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam health department will launch a special helpline service from Monday for the victims of the Bodo-Muslim clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas. The victims, taking shelter in relief camps, can call to seek advice and medical aid.The riot-affected victims living in relief camps in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon districts, can dial 104 to seek immediate medical aid. The medical aid will be provided to them by a Rapid Response Team, which will take the calls and provide required help.State health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Friday said a rapid response team will help the victims in the camp whenever required. \"When victims dial 104, a member of the team will receive the call and immediate help will be sent,\" he said. \"Besides, doctors are also being deployed in the four districts. One team of specialists has been sent to Kokrajhar last week. Specialists were sent to Dhubri, Kokrajhar and Gossaigaon on Thursday and to Chirang and Dhubri on Friday,\" the minister said, adding that specialists from Gauhati Medical College, Barpeta Medical College and state health services have been deployed and currently, there are around 60 doctors in the four districts.Altogether, 270 relief camps opened in the four districts as the ethnic violence has affected over three lakh people. One of the main complaints from the inmates of relief camps is the lack of proper medical care and medicines.\"We have cancelled the leaves of the doctors and everyone has been engaged in the relief camps. Apart from this, there are three mobile medical units and three more have been set up,\" he said.There are around 20 ambulances carrying patients and four trucks of medicines were sent on Friday and another truck will be sent on Saturday. He added that since epidemics like cholera or dysentry may break out in the relief camps, special measures will be taken to counter any epidemic and ensure safety of all the inmates, especially kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15218558", "title": "Women's commission team meets rape victim", "text": "HOWRAH: A six-member team of the West Bengal Commission for Women , led by chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee, visited Howrah on Friday and spoke to the woman who was allegedly raped near the Kona Expressway on Wednesday morning. After visiting the woman at the Howrah District Hospital, Mukherjee and the others met Howrah police commissioner Ajey Ranade and urged him to expedite the probe.The commission has also sought a comprehensive report on the incident from Ranade, sources said. The commission has asked for a video clip, if any CCTV camera is installed at the police station. This will help the members to ascertain whether the duty officer actually ignored the woman's complaint. Before leaving, Sunanda said that the commission is unhappy with the initial reaction of the police, but satisfied with the steps taken thereafter. Nirmalendu Ghosh, an assistant sub-inspector of the Jagachha police station, was suspended on Friday after the victim claimed that he refused to register a complaint when she went to him after the incident.Around 5.30am on Wednesday, the 38-year-old woman - a resident of Bankra - was walking along the Kona Expressway towards Chatterjeehat, where she works as a cook, when an unidentified man dragged her into a nearby bush, thrashed and raped her. Before leaving the spot, the man snatched her gold earnings and other ornaments. tnn Bleeding profusely from her nose and head, she managed to reach the Jagachha police station but was turned away. Her relatives admitted her to the Howrah District Hospital later in the day after which an FIR was registered.\"Our probe is on. We are planning to bring an artist to draw a sketch of the accused based on the victim's description. Based on her complaint, we have already identified a few miscreants from the area who may have been involved. Once we get a sketch, we will make an arrest,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15218059", "title": "SC panel to set up probe against VC of BR Ambedkar University", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) has decided to probe the alleged administrative lapses, financial irregularities and anomalies in appointments done by the acting vice-chancellor of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Prof B Hanumaiah. The NCSC decision has increased the trouble for the V-C who has already been issued show-cause notices by the President of India and the Union human resource development ministry on similar charges.The commission decided to set up an inquiry on the complaint of university's former deputy registrar, finance, D Jayabalachandran. In a letter dated May 15, 2012 to NCSC, D Jayabalachandran had alleged that Prof Hanuamiah works to benefit 'those who support him in his unauthorised activities'.Jayabalchandran had first submitted a memorandum on financial irregularities to the office of the President and the NCSC in February 2008. At that time he was the deputy registrar (finance) of the university. However, instead of any action, he was removed within a month by the university authorities from his post and was made deputy registrar, SC/ST Cell.Further, Jayabalchandran has alleged that Prof Hanumaiah neglected the senior teachers and gave additional charges to the junior ones. He has supported his allegations with the example of an assistant professor who was appointed as officer on special duty (OSD). He has also cited case of RG Sonkawade who was appointed as professor without the approval of the Board of Management, which is university's apex decision taking body.Sonkawade was also given extra task of managing the university's Residential Coaching Academy and Remedial Coaching Programme, Jayabalchandran has alleged. He has also alleged that Prof Hanuamaiah did not constitute a committee to probe the recruitment of 42 teachers, as directed by the BoM.Taking serious note of the allegations, NCSC has decided to probe the matter. In its letter to the registrar of the university, the NCSC has asked to furnish facts and information related to the complaints within 15 days. The commission has warned that in case university fails to reply, the NCSC will be forced to exercise the powers of civil court conferred on it under Article 338 of the Constitution of India.When contacted, university spokesperson, BB Malik said, \"I am not aware of the NCSC letter. Hence, I am not in a position to comment.\" However, earlier, university in its defence had rubbished allegations of irregularities in appointment of teachers and in administrative or financial administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15220666", "title": "Government Railway Police (GRP) extends armed security for 50 trains", "text": "PUNE: The Government Railway Police (GRP) has begun deploying armed security guards in 50 trains passing through Pune district at night from Friday. The move follows two armed robberies on trains in the last two days.Superintendent of police (GRP) Pratapsinh Patankar said, \"The increased rate of crimes in the trains is alarming. The current drought-like situation may be a reason for such crimes.\"Patankar added that the jurisdiction of the GRP, Pune, is from Karjat in Thane district to Belapur in Ahmednagar district and from Kolhapur to Hotgi in Solapur district. \"As many as 170 trains travel through the jurisdiction every day. It is not possible to provide security for every train. The Government Railway Police and the Railway Protection Force (RPF) provide security on trains,\" Patankar said.The GRP gives security cover to 28 trains passing through Pune at night. \"To provide additional security, we will have to use staff from our offices. Two armed guards will patrol these trains. We have asked them to concentrate on general compartments,\" he added.Forty posts are vacant while 67 recruits are under training, Patankar said. \"It will take another year for these 67 to join the force,\" Patankar said.Patankar said the government railway police used to focus on the route between Daund and Solapur due to the frequent incidents of train robberies and dacoities. \"With the incidents near Lonavla and Saswad, we will have to concentrate on these routes also,\" Patankar said.Railway police patrol all important railway stations round the clock. \"We have intensified our patrolling, especially during the night,\" Patankar said. Separate teams to trace the suspects involved in both the incidents have been formed. \"We are also verifying whether the same gang struck at both the trains,\" he added.Police have started checking criminals on records. \"We are taking help from Pune city and Pune rural police,\" Patankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15221915", "title": "Runaway Jani arrested from Gurgaon mall", "text": "LUCKNOW: The special task force of the Uttar Pradesh Police on Friday arrested president of Uttar Pradesh Navnirman Sena Amit Jani and his two aide Rajendra Singh and Qasim Chaudhary. Jani, who was arrested from a mall in Gurgaon, has accepted that members of UPNS had vandalised the statue of former UP chief minister Mayawati.Police claim that Singh and Qasim were among those who were on the spot near Ambedkar Park on Thursday afternoon in Gomtinagar area to damage the statue. Singh is the state president of UPNS, while Qasim is the vice-president.Jani managed to dodge the police for more than 24 hours while constantly on the run and making calls to media houses informing them about his next move. \"Next it will be a Rath Yatra to mobilise people against Mayawati brand of dictatorial politics,\" he boasted in one of his calls. These calls however provided a clue to the STF about his latest locations .But, by the time the STF could zero in on him, he had reportedly slipped into Delhi. He and Singh were eventually arrested from Gurgaon late on Friday evening. Qasim was arrested from Indiranagar locality of Lucknow. Investigators are believed to have picked up clues about Jani's movement on Thursday afternoon itself but were busy putting together some missing links which they finally managed to find on Friday evening. Jani, aide arrested from Gurgaon mallThe Special Task Force arrested Amit Jani of and his aide Rajendra Singh of Vrindawan in Mathura from the MGF Mall in Gurgaon around 9 pm on Friday . They were being brought to Lucknow at the time of filing this report around. Despite being aware that the UP Police and STF were hunting for him, Jaani continued using his personal cell number throughout his movement till he was rounded up.This left the sleuths surprised as usually any wanted accused on the run abandons the cellphone he has been using to hoodwink the police.The STF team missed him by a whisker twice in Delhi.Following confirmed reports that he was heading for a Mall in Gurgaon, the STF sleuths covered three of the most popular Malls in Gurgaon nearest to Delhi only to discover that he had landed at the MGF Mall from where he was eventually nabbed.His call details indicate his presence in Lucknow till around 2 pm on Thursday. His last location in Uttar Pradesh was traced to Agra during the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. Since Friday morning, Amit changed more than a dozen locations in Delhi before he headed for Gurgaon .Jani, who is also known by the name of Amit Agarwal and Amit Gupta categorically stated that he had no remorse or regret as far as damaging the statue of Mayawati is concerned . \"Once the dust settles , I will continue with my tirade against politicians, who try to impose their diktats on the common man using the power that they draw from the same common man,\" he declared .A college drop-out and son of wood merchant LC Gupta who happens to be a native of Patla hamlet in Ghaziabad, Jani had started his political career by joining the Indian National Lok Dal of Om Prakash Chautala in 2005 and contested the 2007 assembly polls on the party's ticket from Meerut's Khekra assembly seat.He polled 1,984 votes only. His stint with the Samajwadi Party took off in 2009. He reportedly also showed black flag to Rahul Gandhi at an election meeting venue in west UP during 2012 assembly elections. He accompanied Akhilesh Yadav's Kranti Rath Yatra in Meerut and Ghaziabad in 2011 and addressed several rallies for the SP.While Amit was on the run, his tenants and relatives in Meerut were also feeling the heat generated by his actions in Lucknow. An unidentified mob ransacked Amit's house in Shiv Shakti Nagar locality of Meerut on Thursday night forcing his tenant Shivam Verma to take refuge elsewhere. \"We will vacate the house as early as possible ... we don't want to land in trouble because of his actions ,\" Shivam said. Some relatives of Amit residing in Kankarkheda locality of the district are also believed to have gone underground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15218852", "title": "Tuticorin engineer weaves silk from banana plants", "text": "MADURAI: Soon, one may be able to wear their favourite silk saris, dhoties and shirts that are spun not of a silkworm thread, but from the banana plant, which can be easily separated using the banana yarn separator.Invented by a Tuticorin-based mechanical engineer, K Murugan, the banana yarn separator machine was granted the patent in July 2012 after a six-year long wait. According to him, the large quantity of banana fibres that went waste in his hometown of Tuticorin prompted him to try to find a solution to use this product. The machine took shape after failing 40 times and in 2006, it bagged the LRamp award of excellence given by the IIT-Madras.\"The banana plant is one where almost every part has a use. The fibres from the plant are used to tie garlands and string flowers, the leaves are used for eating, the fruits and flowers are consumed and even the inner most part of the stem is edible and has rich medicinal properties. But, I have seen the plants being cut after the fruit is harvested and allowed to rot. This disturbed me, because it was not the best way to dispose it,\" he said.He said the stem of the banana plant has 15 layers, with the outermost used for tying garlands. According to him, the other 14 layers can be used for silk production. The fibre equals the silkworm silk, in lustre and tension strength.Dr Dev Pura, head, department of textile technology, IIT-Delhi and others who inspected his product certified it as an excellent invention and commended him for his efforts during their recent visit to Tuticorin. Once he gets the go ahead from the department of biotechnology, New Delhi, Murugan says he can start his production.His machine can process 60 lakh banana plants per year and he says that two saris can be spun using the banana silk fibres from a single tree. It would be very eco-friendly and is adaptable to natural dyes.The Central Institute for Research on Cotton Technology has certified his silk as one of good quality with a tenacity of 37 gm/text.The new technology is one way of making good use of the banana plants grown in over 12,000 hectares in Tuticorin district, which is the largest banana cultivating district in India. It would also bring good returns to farmers. Murugan has made shawls, including one that was presented to former chief minister M Karunanidhi, a few years ago and a shirt.This would be a material that would even get the nod of animal activists like PETA, because unlike the other silk, this does not involve the killing of a life for the silk extraction, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15220478", "title": "'Sardar Vallabhai Patel didn't want smarak'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Iron Man of India, Sardar Vallabhai Patel never wanted a memorial in his name, neither did he want to own property.\"Though his contemporaries Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru each had a samadhi in their honor in Delhi - Raj Ghat and Shantivan - respectively, Patel insisted that no such thing should exist after his death. Patel wanted to die a commoner's death and was cremated in Sonapur public cremation ground in Bombay in December 1952,\" claims city-based historian Rizwan Kadri.Very few know that Sardar mostly lived in rented houses in Ahmedabad and while president of the Ahmedabad municipality in 1927, Sardar booked a plot for his children for Rs 250 in the New Samasth Brahmashatriya Society adjacent to the earlier Pritamnagar society in March that year. \"Sardar, however, gave away possession as he did not have the Rs 3,000 needed to construct a bungalow for himself and he never believed in owning property,\" said Kadri.The Shahibaug palace which was converted to a national memorial for Sardar Patel was earlier the governor's house and had once hosted Queen Elizabeth in January 31, 1961, while she was on a state visit. The palace was de-listed along with Azam Khan Sarai in the walled city for government office use in the early 1920s and was one of the first historical buildings to be de-listed. Beside this, a senior lawyer of the Gujarat high court Haru Mehta contested in the High Court that the palace was a Gujarat government's property and that there was an agreement between the state and the existing Sardar Vallabhai Patel society that the palace should not be used for commercial purposes or activities other than those related to preserving Sardar Patel's life and times. The premises presently are also being let out, and used for a community hall and for conferences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15221316", "title": "Shell out more bus fares from Aug 1", "text": "BHOPAL: Be ready to pay more for a ride in low-floor buses, minibuses and autos from August 1. The district administration has increased the fare owing to rise in the diesel and petrol prices. The hike will be effective from the start of August 1.The increased petrol and diesel prices have led to a rise in fares of public transport system disappointing the residents.\"Ticket fares of the low-floor buses have been increased by 20%,\" regional transport officer M L Soni told TOI. \"The auto fares have gone up from Rs 10.50 for first one km to Rs 20 first two km. The price of each km after this is Rs 10 from Rs 6.78,\" he added.The fare rise has obviously disappointed commuters as this would affect their family budget in these days of untamed inflation.Anamika Ghosh, a student said, \"Now, we cannot save from the pocket money we get from parents as all money will be spent on travelling.\"Swati Sinha, Devashree Dutt and Shrishti Jain, residents of Shivaji Nagar, said, \"Already, the prices of eatables are on the rise. Now, even the transport is getting expensive. The common man is feeling the price pinch the most.K S Suryavanshi and R M Choudhary, residents of MP Nagar said, \"When we used to travel in mini buses, the prices were very cheap.Now, the public transport is not charging less than Rs 5 for minimum distance. We do not know where the inflation is taking us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15216324", "title": "Robbery accused attempts suicide in police station", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old man, who was arrested on charges of chain-snatching, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his veins in a barrack of Jawahar Nagar police station on Wednesday night. The accused was rushed to a hospital where he was discharged after treatment on Thursday.Police said the man had sneaked a blade in his clothes, which he used to attempt suicide. However, the police have failed to give any substantial reason behind the incident. A case has been registered under section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC against him.According to the police, the man, identified as Dinesh Kumawat, a resident of Galta Gate area, had been rounded up while he was trying to snatch a gold chain near SMS School on Wednesday. He was booked under section 392 of IPC for robbery and was being interrogated, when the incident happened.Jawahar Nagar police station in-charge Surendra Singh said that Kumawat had been involved in several chain snatching cases in the past, too. \"At least eight cases are registered against him. He was brought to the police station around 3 pm on Wednesday,\" said the officer.Police said that Kumawat suddenly took out the blade and cut his left hand and chest. \"He then started crying for help. We immediately took him to a hospital and he was discharged after a few hours. A medical examination revealed the injuries were minor and that Kumawat needn't stay in the hospital,\" said the officer.Sub-inspector Chiranji said, \"We interrogated Kumawat to know the reason behind attempting suicide. He is constantly changing his statements. However, he said that he was fed up with his life as his acts were landing him in jail from time to time,\" said the officer.Kumawat was produced in a court and remanded to judicial custody on Friday.EomJaipur: A 20-year old man who was arrested on charges of chain-snatching attempted to commit suicide by cutting his hand veins in a barrack of Jawahar Nagar police station on Wednesday night. The accused was rushed to a hospital where he was discharged after treatment on Thursday.Police said that the man had brought with him a blade hidden in his cloths and used it to attempt the suicide. However, the police have failed to give any substantial reason behind the incident. A case has been registered against him under section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC.According to the police, the man, identified as Dinesh Kumawat a resident of Galta Gate area in the city, had been rounded up while trying to snatch a gold chain near SMS School on Wednesday. He was booked under section 392 of IPC and was being interrogated.Jawahar Nagar police station in-charge Surendra Singh said that Kumawat had been involved in several cases of chain snatching in the past. \"At least eight cases are registered against him. He was brought to the police station around 3 p.m. on Wednesday,\" said the officer.Police said that Kumawat suddenly brought out a blade hidden in his cloths and cut his left hand and chest. \"He then started crying for help. We immidiatley took him to a hospital where he was discharged after some hours. A medical examination was conducted in which doctors said the injuries were minor and he did not need to stay admitted in the hospital,\" said the officer.Sub-inspector Chiranji Lal who is investigating the suicide attempt case said, \"We interrogated Kumawat to know as to why he attempted suicide. He is changing his statements. However, he said that he was fed up with his life as his acts are landing him in jail from time to time,\" said the officer.Kumawat was produced in a court and remanded to judicial custody on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "pochampally (nalgonda)", "code": "15214542", "title": "Teenager sets herself ablaze", "text": "POCHAMPALLY (NALGONDA): A teenage girl committed suicide by setting herself on fire on Thursday when her alleged lover abused her for talking to other men. The incident happened in Juluru village of Pochampally mandal. Parents of Vijayalakshmi (17) complained to the police that their daughter had ended her life as a result of harassment from her lover, Balakrishna, 20.According to police, Vijayalakshmi, an Intermediate student, has been in love with Balakrishna, who is an agricultural labourer. On Thursday Balakrishna saw Lakshmi talking to two boys belonging to her community. He came to her house and picked up a heated argument with her. He hurled stones at her accusing her of talking to other men.Humiliated by this act she locked herself inside a room and burnt herself. \"When the incident happened her parents were away, by the time they could open the door she was totally burnt,\" SI Arjunaiah said. When the parents reached home they took her to the hospital and she died on the way. \"We have booked a case against him,\" the SI said.Meanwhile, a married woman was attacked by a stalker in Gunupudi in Bhimavaram mandal. The accused, Suresh, attacked the woman with a blade on her neck and injured her severely. Sources said Suresh has been pestering the woman to divorce her husband and marry him. The woman was rushed to Bhimavaram hospital. The accused was severely beaten up by the locals and was later handed over to the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227892", "title": "Dron\u2019s folk tales on reel", "text": "Dron is happy to compose for Kingshuk's film \" Nodi Re Tui\" starring Moubani and Abhiraj. \"The film is about Abhiraj whose life revolves around a river. Moubani plays his love interest.There are five folk songs in the film penned by Sazzad Hussen. I have used lot of instruments in the songs to give the soundtrack a contemporary feel. Nachiketa, Raghab, Gargi, Dia, Anan and Proma have done the playback for these numbers. I tried to add a unique dimension to folk songs while keeping their authenticity intact,\" said Dron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "15214324", "title": "Tribals' bid to stop CM's convoy", "text": "Srikakulam: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy faced the wrath of tribals on Monday as they stopped the convoy in protest against the leasing of Kannedhara Konda in Seetampet mandal to R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Ram Manohar Naidu for mining. Three tribals were injured when the police lathi charged the protesters. The agitators apparently thought that the CM was in the convoy, but by the time they started their protest, his vehicle had already left the place.The tribals of the Kannedhara hill have been agitating against the mining lease for the past one and a half years. Kiran Kumar was in the district as part of his three-day Indiramma Baata programme. Addressing the gathering after inaugurating a lift irrigation scheme at Akkulapeta in Amudalavalasa mandal, Kiran alleged that the opposition parties were creating unnecessary controversy over the Polavaram project.He assured the people that his government would protect the state irrigation sector. He said not only the farmers of the state but the neighbouring states would be benefited from Polavaram project. He said the state would provide drinking water to Chhattisgarh and Odisha states through this project. His government would provide irrigation water to another 30 lakh acres in the next two years. The CM said he would try to solve the Vamsadhara water dispute.The CM demonstrated to farmers how to drive a paddy transplanting tractor. Later speaking to people, the CM said his government would enhance man-hours for another 50 days for those who completed 100 man days under the MGNREGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15221863", "title": "Launched by Sonia, NRLM yet to take off in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) that was flagged off with much fanfare in Banswara in June last year by United Progressive Alliance (UPA) chairperson Sonia Gandhi along with chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Central ministers is yet to get off the mark in Rajasthan while states like Bihar , Andhra Pradesh and Odisha have sprinted a long way to grab a big share of the Rs 5,000 crore pie earmarked for the project.Rajasthan has failed twice to get its state perspective implementation plan (SPIP) and annual action plan (AAP) approved as its programme proposals have been rejected by the Central rural development ministry. SPIP and AAP are the main programme planning documents based on which funds are released to states by the Centre and about eight states have already got their SPIPs or AAPs approved.When TOI spoke to C S Rajan, additional chief secretary, state rural development department, he said, \"The state has been asked by the Union rural development ministry to recast its plans and revised plans have been sent. Whenever the empowered committee meets our proposals will be approved.\" The empowered panel is expected to meet early next month, he added.Sources said the strategy for rolling out the initiative was so poor that it was bound to be rejected. But state government officials, who are reluctant to share the reasons behind the failure, say that it was the number of blocks that was the sticking point.NRLM gives flexibility to design plan  The National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) has failed to take off in the state. While other states, where it was launched, have sprinted ahead, Rajasthan has failed to get its plan approved. But the number of blocks theory doesn't hold any water as both the annual and five-year NRLM plans found no takers in the government of India. Since the programme envisages to include all the blocks in the five-year period , the number of blocks is not the issue. Amid a gathering of thousands of people many of whom were ferried overnight for the flag-off event last year, Sonia Gandhi had said that the NRLM is a scheme of the poor, for the poor and by the poor. The initiative is aimed at enhancing and expanding existing livelihoods options of the poor by building skills for the job market, nurturing self-employed and supporting rural entrepreneurs . NRLM is the revitalized version of Swarnajayanti Grameen Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) aimed at reducing poverty and providing livelihood options to 7 crore BPL families in the country. The main objective for replacing SGSY (started in 1999) with NRLM was to shift from an allocation based model to a demand-driven strategy where the states can have the flexibility to develop livelihood-based plans to reduce poverty . Given the demand-driven nature of the initiative, states which are doing well can claim a bigger share of the Rs 5,000 crore to be spent over a five-year period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219604", "title": "Free means Rs 2,500 in Nagpur Municipal Corporation!", "text": "NAGPUR: Many citizens have been forced to cough up Rs2,500 for new water meter despite it being mandatory to install free of cost under 24X7 water supply project. Like the change of name case, the plumbers are also collecting illegal charges from the citizens in the work of installation of new water meters.The Centre had given approval to 24X7 water supply project on February 13, 2009, at a cost of Rs387.86 crore. The project was to complete by April this year. But according to the revised schedule, it will take two more years to complete the project.Under the 24X7 project, the NMC has to install new water meters in place of defunct ones and new connections absolutely free of cost. The same was also done in the pilot project which was implemented in some parts of Dharampeth Zone. The NMC implemented the project by handing over the entire water works of the city to a private operator - Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) in November 2011 but later revised it to March this year. With the implementation of the project, it is understood that the new water meters should be installed free of cost.According to the information provided by the NMC officials and plumbers, around 60 new water meters are installed every day in city. About the expenses on new meters, the officials said that the plumbers are collecting Rs1,300 per meter from the citizens. It raises question mark as to why the NMC is collecting the charges for new water meter.Also the actual charges being taken by the plumbers to replace a defunct meter with a new one is very high. A resident of Abhyankar Nagar went to the NMC's Laxmi Nagar Zone to replace a defunct meter. The person said that he was asked to pay Rs2,500 to the plumber. \"Staff at the zone office told me to contact the plumber as process is executed through him,\" he said.\"Rs1,300 is taken for purchase of new meter and Rs250 for its testing. Plumber takes additional charge of for installation of the meter,\" engineers at the zone office said.But, according to the orders passed in 2009 by the then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta, the registered plumbers can charge Rs250 for installation of new meters as they have \"to do some hard work\". . But there is no scope of any 'hard work' while replacing the defunct meter with new. Still, the plumbers are charging Rs950 for the work. This again had raised a serious question mark over the way work is being done.Speaking to TOI, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said, \"Person who is getting average bill wants to install new meter. But the NMC is not at all compelling anyone to replace the defunct meters. If we start installing the new meters free of cost before providing water 24X7, it may result in an uproar. If anyone doesn't want to change the defunct meter then it will be replaced when the respective area is covered under the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219656", "title": "Rain returns, but so does waterlogging", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a long dry spell, Friday saw heavy downpour in several parts of the city. But the showers do not mean that heavy rain will continue over the region. The rain was caused due to two factors. The monsoon trough has shifted northwards, closer to its normal position. Because of that, several parts of northwest India have been cloudy but since the depression over Bay of Bengal has been weak, heavy rain over most of the region has been %ruled out.\"He added: \"The difference in rainfall across the city is also indicative of convective rain. This is highly localized as it depends upon local heating. A combination of both these factors led to Friday's rain. Now that it has cooled down considerably, the convective factor has been ruled out for the next few days.\"The rainfall across the city ranged from nil to 55mm. Pusa, Mungeshpur and Najafgarh recorded 1mm rainfall each while Lodhi Road recorded 3.6mm rainfall.Waterlogging in several parts of the city led to the expected traffic jams. Due to waterlogging, two buses and a car broke down on the Paras Flyover in south Delhi. As a result, traffic movement on both carriageways of the Outer Ring Road from Nehru Place to Chirag Delhi remained heavy, especially during the evening peak hour.Waterlogging problems were reported from many areas in south Delhi like Adhchini, Malviya Nagar PTS and Chirag Dilli flyover, among others.The monsoon axis was passing through Anupgarh, Jaipur, Sheopur, Satna, Ranchi, Digha and then southward towards east-central Bay of Bengal on Friday.Met officials said that rain and thundershowers could be expected in many areas over east Rajasthan, east Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat and a few places over Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Delhi and west UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15219194", "title": "Samosas for every palate and wallet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Your Lahore visit will cost just a bit more now. The city's samosas, price shackled by a three-year-old government order, are now free to fly on the wings of demand and supply.Till Tuesday morning, you could have bought a samosa anywhere in the city for the equivalent of Rs 3.5 \u2014 30% less than the cheapest Delhi samosa but level with those at Kolkata's SN Banerjee Road. That was before the Pak supreme court struck down the Punjab government's 2009 order to fix the price of a samosa at six Pakistani rupees.Now, as members of Pakistan's Punjab Bakers and Sweets Federation draw up their pricing strategy, they can draw useful lessons from halwais in Delhi. Here, samosas are available for Rs 5-50, indicative of their status as not only the aam aadmi's snack but also a comfort food in the corridors of business and power.The fried triangle has even aided Bollywood romances. In the 1997 David Dhawan film Mr and Mrs Khiladi, Akshay Kumar romps about declaring his love to be as eternal as the potato-stuffed snack (jab tak rahega samose mein aloo/ Tera rahunga, o meri Shaalu).During Bihar elections in the same decade, sloganeers found the rhyming potential of Lalu and \"samose mein aalu\" too delicious to resist.Is it possible, then, to regulate a snack as versatile as the samosa? At roadside tea stalls, samosas are usually priced at Rs 5. In Old Delhi's Matia Mahal market, Ameer Sweet House sells juicy keema samosas for Rs 5 and khoya-stuffed, sweet ones for Rs 7. Not very far away, Delite Cinema has a massive 200g 'maha samosa' priced at Rs 40. Bangla Sweet House in Gole Market has a regular potato samosa priced at Rs 10 and a matar-paneer one at Rs 14. In the same market, Kaleva sells the very same aloo samosa at Rs 12 per piece.At central Delhi's Bengali Sweet House, bite-sized cocktail samosas are sold by the kilo \u2014 there is the regular matar samosa at Rs 240/kg and Allahabadi samosa with dry masala stuffing at Rs 190/kg.Chandni Chowk's Manohar Dhaba, known for its \"japani samosa\" \u2014 famous for being neither Japanese nor a samosa \u2014 serves the classic version of the snack at Rs 10 with a side dish of chhole.Satish Agrawal of Bengali Sweet House says the noodles-stuffed 'Chinese samosa' they briefly introduced last year was priced at Rs 16.Samosa economics is serious business and Agrawal puts it in perspective. \"The price varies with the kind of samosa. But the location of a shop and the services it offers also go into deciding the price point. A roadside shop can sell cheaper. In a sit-down place, they have to incorporate the price of the additional chutneys, paper napkins, paper plates and even VAT,\" he says.A popular cafe chain with a large youth following has introduced a new \"combo offer\" that will make traditionalists happy \u2014 the samosa and chai combo.Of course, since you will be served in china plates by a staff that will take your order in English, you need to shell out Rs 49 for the \"experience\".Chhotu, who brings you your daily cutting chai in a wire stand, carefully balancing samosas wrapped in an oil-soaked newspaper in the other hand, will surely have a good laugh over this.Chances are, somebody will be served a samosa on this very article.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "15220996", "title": "5 teams formed to crack Satyampet's murder", "text": "GULBARGA: A Special Investigation Team has been formed to trace the murder of veteran writer Linganna Satyampet. Speaking to The Times Of India SP Praveen Pawar said that Aditional SP Bhooshan Bhorse will lead the five teams.Veteran writer of Hyderabad-Karnatak region Linganna Satyampet was allegedly murdered and his body thrown in a drain in front of Sharanabasaveshwara Temple in city here on Thursday.Praveen Pawar said he has yet to get the postmortem report, which has been sent to the laboratory in Bellary. No arrests have been made.On Wednesday, Linganna was invited for a special lecture in Sharanabasaveshwar temple and had left for Gulbarga by the 4pm bus. He reached Gulbarga at 6pm. He called the organizers and told them that he would be there at the temple soon. However, he did not turn up at the temple. His son filed a missing complaint at Brahmpur police station. On Thursday noon, his body was found in a drain near the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221064", "title": "No taker for land in Pithampur SEZ, Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam looking at denotifying it", "text": "INDORE: As there are no takers for a piece of land measuring 400 acre at Pithampur SEZ, Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (AKVN) is likely to begin its effort towards getting it denotified. Decision to this effect was taken during recently concluded review meeting of the forthcoming Global Investors' Summit.The reason for investors' disenchantment towards putting their money at the SEZ even as the benefits to be given to the units installing their plants within a SEZ, has been withdrawn by the government post arrival of minimum alternate tax which was announced during the current fiscal's annual budget by it.Out of a total of 1,113 hectare of land falling under the SEZ, nearly 400 acre of land is lying unallotted. In case AKVN gets it denotified, it will be able to give the land to 130 aspirants that have queued up to invest there. There are lots of other benefits having investment in non-SEZ area. One can get land at a price of Rs 84 per acre in case of large scale and Rs 42, when it comes to small scale. But, in case of SEZ, the amount goes as high as Rs 130 per acre.Pithampur Industrial Association has its own view on the topic. We have no objection of its getting denotified. But, there shouldn't be any excessive price for the same, said Gautam Kothari, the president of the association. Secondly, 50% of land must be given to small scale industries, he added.The issue was likely to come up in a big way during the industrialists' interaction with the state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan in Bhopal on August 06.When contacted, AK Rathore, development commissioner, SEZ, said, \"As per existing norm a minimum of 1,000 hectare of land was a must for development of SEZ and hence only the remaining land of 113 hectare can be notified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15214574", "title": "Ex-TDP minister passes away", "text": "HYDERABAD: B V Mohan Reddy, a close associate and astrologer of TDP founder president N T Rama Rao, died here on Friday following a prolonged illness. He was 67. He was suffering from cancer and jaundice for a long time.He joined the TDP when NTR had launched the party in 1982. A close confidant of NTR, he was also the astrologer for the leader as well as his family and the party.Mohan Reddy held key portfolios like industries and municipal administration in the cabinets of both NTR and Chandrababu Naidu.He fell ill during the by-election campaign last month in Yemmiganur assembly constituency in Kurnool district. He lost the by-poll by more than 20,000 votes. Mohan Reddy was elected from the same constituency for five consecutive times between 1983 and 1999.His body was shifted to his residence in Jubliee Hills. Several TDP leaders paid their last respects. His body would be shifted to Yemmiganur town where the last rites will be performed on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15219560", "title": "'Govt yet to recognize importance of Neem'", "text": "NAGPUR: Neem may have been recognized world over as the wonder tree. It may have also emerged as a viable alternative to the harmful pesticides but, unfortunately, Indian government is yet to recognize its worth and take measures for promotion of Neem and its products.Speaking to TOI, managing trustee of Neem Foundation, Mumbai, Pramila Thakkar listed a number of issues that deserve government attention and support. The foundation plans to discuss these along with scientific research on Neem during the forthcoming World Neem Conference being hosted by it in city from November 21 to 24.\"What the Tree of Australia, Ginko Biloba of China, Ginseng of Korea, Guarana of Amazon and Aloe Vera of Mexico could do to the national economies of respective nations due to the government support, Neem could do to Indian economy. A small country like Korea could successfully globalize its national treasure Ginseng with an integrated approach, active research and development and positive promotion. India must draw a lesson from it,\" said Thakkar.Looking at global demand for quality products from 'certified organic Neem plantations', large scale organized Neem plantations should be undertaken along the lines of olive plantations of Europe - for organically produced quality Neem seed material, she said. Thakkar added the industry needed a guaranteed supply of quality Neem seeds and organized cooperative farming could be one answer. However, it was necessary to study the economics of setting up such cooperatives through a dialogue with industry, voluntary agencies, agriculture ministry and NABARD, she said.The foundation is demanding that a phased programme be started to set up pilot initiatives all over the country for promoting production and application of Neem-based technologies through public and private initiative, supported by state funding. \"To promote the use of eco-friendly products in agriculture and horticulture, Neem based products needed to be exempt from central excise and sales tax, at least for a period of five years,\" demanded Thakkar.Since Neem had proved its worth in human and animal health, agriculture, horticulture, water purification, and post harvest storage, value-added products of Neem following quality standards should be promoted by government. All Neem products for pest management need to be viewed differently vis-a-vis chemical pesticides. The government should pave way for developing guidelines for global trade.Currently, in the absence of permission to sell Neem-coated urea, commercial organizations market Neem based urea-coating agents. More than 1000 metric tonnes of urea-coating agents are sold in India annually by several companies, indicating acceptance of the concept by the farming community. Universities and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) already had conducted studies on efficacy of Neem and the government should declare Neem as a national tree, she said.World Neem meet in city in NovNeem foundation is organizing World Neem Conference from November 21 to 24 in city. Speaking to reporters about the conference, R C Saxena, chairman of the foundation, said scientists from participating countries would share experiences of Neem programmes. B N Vyas, vice-chairman, said that conference would bring scientists, development organizations, industry, processors, administrators, growers and NGOs together for the cause of Neem. Nirmala Kothari, advisory board member, and Ninad Zade, coordinator also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15218891", "title": "Moneylenders drive man to suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A man, in his 40s, ended his life by consuming poison at his home in Juni Shukrawari. Avinash Bhonde, who owned a dry cleaning business, had consumed poison on July 17 after being harassed by moneylenders.Bhonde was rushed to Government medical college and hospital after his health deteriorated. He was declared dead on Thursday evening. GMCH medical booth alerted the Kotwali police station about Bhonde's death. Police said Bhonde's wife has handed over the cops a suicide note in which he had mentioned it was the mental torture by moneylenders that drove him to take the drastic step.Sources from the Kotwali police station said Bhonde and his wife did not have a child. Apart from occasional consumption of liquor, Bhonde's family members could not recall any addiction he had. Police sources said that handwriting experts would be roped in to verify authenticity of the suicide note. So far a case of accidental death has been registered at Kotwali police station. \"It is still not clear what drove Bhonde to borrow money and exactly what amount did he owe,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221771", "title": "73rd raising day of CRPF celebrated", "text": "VARANASI: The 73rd raising day of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) was celebrated by 95 battalion CRPF at Pahadia Mandi headquarters on Friday.The celebrations for the raising day began with paying tribute to the martyrs followed by the inaugural speech by commanding officer, VS Sharma, highlighting the glorious history of the CRPF ever since its inception as Crown Representative Police (CRP) in 1939.The celebration was attended by all the jawans and officers of CRPF including their family members and relatives. Several sports events including an inter-company carrom competition and inter-company table-tennis competition were also organized. Later, a mass lunch was organized followed by folk songs and dance performances of different states and other cultural programmes were also presented by jawans on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15230566", "title": "Indore may have another railway station at MR-10", "text": "INDORE: Residents of Vijaynagar, Scheme no 54, 74 and townships coming on and around MR -10 has a reason to rejoice, as Western Railway is considering developing a railway station at MR-10. Right now city has only one railway station and it no space for further expansion.Railway has earmarked on a site for developing another railway station at MR-10. A proposal in this regard will be sent for approval to the railway ministry soon.Master plan of Indore has also proposed a new railway station at MR-10, now DRM Lokesh Narayan said that proposal for developing another railway station is under consideration. He added that plans are afoot to develop Rau and Mhow railway staton too.Narayan said that rail traffic is expected to increase manifold on Indore-Dahod and Indore-Mhow-Khandwa routes as work of gauge conversion is in advance stage. After the completion of the work people living in these areas will have direct connectivity with New Delhi and Bombay. The gauge conversion will also reduce the travel time between Indore-Delhi and Indore-Mumbai considerably and it will also increase the number of trains.Local MP Sumitra Mahajan who has been raising issued related to railways said, \"\"Since there is a limited space for development of city railway station, the railway should opt for development of Rau and Mhow railway stations which have a larger space and scope of development of platforms and other amenities.\"\" She further said that rail traffic and number of trains are set to increase after gauge conversion, so there should be enough platforms for halting of trains, which can be developed at Rau and Mhow stations.Developed Rau and Mhow railway station can be used for parking for increased number of trains. Meanwhile, a multifunctional complex is being constructed at railway station for housing all the offices and facilities including few waiting halls under one roof and railway will also develop a food zone at platform no 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15221158", "title": "Trail in IPS officer's murder to begin on Aug 3", "text": "INDORE: The special court of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday committed the IPS officer Narendra Kumar murder case to the Indore session court. The case will be transferred to the additional session court of CBI and trial will begin on August 3.Advocate Mahendra Morya said that court has committed the case and now charges will be framed on August 3 and the trial would begin in Indore. Now session court will take call on the application of Keshav Das, father of slain IPS officer.Earlier on July, Keshav Das, father of slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar had objected over the CBI investigations into the case and field a petition seeking fresh investigation.In his petition, Das had claimed that the CBI has not taken the statement of the slain IPS's family and alleged that former minister Rustam Singh and mining mafia were responsible for the murder of IPS Narendra Kumar on March 8.On Friday CBI submitted its reply on the application of Das and said that all the charges are baseless and now reinvestigation can not be carried out as the case is in court. CBI counsel argued that investigation agency has recorded the statement of IPS's family members and it is attached with the case dairy. CBI also denied the involvement of mining mafia in the death of the officer.The CBI had filed a charge-sheet in the case on June 6 and charged the tractor trolley driver Manoj Gurjar under section 304 (culpable homicide) and 353 (obstructing government work) of IPC and motor vehicle act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15218224", "title": "CCTV recording being scanned for clues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Madan and Tilak intervened, assailants stabbed Madan and opened fired two gunshots, one hit Madan and the other hit Tilak. Madan was declared brought dead in GMSH-16 and injured Tilak is still admitted in PGI.Police sources said, \"The recording of CCTV cameras installed at a house situated near the departmental store and four other points including Aroma Light point, Sector 35 roundabout, ISBT-17 roundabout and light point of sectors 22/23 are being scrutinized.\"A special investigation team (SIT) was formed under the supervision of DSP (crime) Satbir Singh in this regard. A police team was also dispatched to the native place of victim family in Kaithal district for ascertaining any old enmity behind the murder. The body of Kailash was handed over to his family members after conducted a postmortem examination in GMSH-16 on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227596", "title": "Drama kings, queens at a musical event", "text": "It was an evening of fun, music and theatrics at a city pub on a recent Thursday night as bands Paradigm Shift, Potato Defect, Serenade and SOS took to the stage as part of an 'open mic night'.Also in performance was theatre group, Lok, showcasing a piece based on freedom of expression. Said Soumyajit, of the theatre outfit, who is also the writer-director of the play, \"There are 12 characters in the play. We have performed this act at bookstores, temples, campuses, and pubs. Though it is a 30-minute play, we compressed it to 15 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15227972", "title": "First film didn't do justice to our relationship: Deepika", "text": "While Deepika Padukone's relationship status is still under a cloud, the leggy lass who loves flaunting her camouflaged RK tattoo on the nape of her neck, says their first film, 'Bachna Ae Haseeno' didn't do justice to their relationship.\"It's good we finally get to appear together onscreen because our first film didn't do justice to our pairing onscreen.\" The actor has repeatedly stated there is not awkwardness between the two onscreen. \"I am very comfortable working with a Ranbir (Kapoor),\" she says. Though there are reports doing the round that filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali is rethinking casting Priyanka Chopra in 'Ram Leela', Dippy shares she hasn't received any feelers from Sanjay Leela Bhansali camp.According to reports, Sanjay Leela Bhansali, after much persuasion watched Dippy in action in her new avatar and was quite impressed. \"That is something I woke up to in the morning. I have no idea but I would love to work with him. He is a celebrated director and I loved his earlier films like Khamoshi and Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam . What I like about his films is that the actresses have such strong performance driven characters,\" she says. Prod her if Saif and Kareena make a good pair onscreen and she retorts, \"Absolutely\". \"They are both brilliant actors and Saif is a very strong partner and they have done good work in their previous films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15216651", "title": "ND Tiwari: I have full rights to live as I want", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court judge Reva Khetrapal's decision to disclose the test result of Congress leader N D Tiwari's paternity came after a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw earlier in the day dismissed his appeal against the single judge's July 19 decision, saying, \"Not opening the DNA report may lead to a lengthy process\".The court, which recorded that Tiwari's lawyer did not appear, asked the advocates for Rohit Shekhar and Ujjwala, who had sought the DNA test, to come in the chamber for opening of the sealed report and minutes later, declared the result in the open courtroom.In Dehra Dun, Tiwari refused to come before the media but circulated a press statement saying it was all a private matter and that he bore no grudge against Shekhar. \"I have full rights to live as I want and appeal to all that this is my personal matter. It is not good to interfere into someone else's personal life. Do not give any importance to it,\" he said.Alleging that he had been \"framed\", Tiwari said: \"Due to my simplicity, at this point of my age, my trusted people hatched a conspiracy against me in a planned way. My sympathy is with Mr Rohit Shekhar. I also have no grudge against Mr Rohit Shekhar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15221755", "title": "Munshi Premchand Mahotsav from July 31", "text": "VARANASI: The entire world was enthralled to watch the opening ceremony of London Olymics on Friday where great British writers like William Shakespeare , William Blake and Charles Dickens were also remembered. But in India, remembering great writers has become an occasional activity. The great figure of Hindi literature Munshi Premchand (Dhanpat Rai), who inked life of a common masses, will be remembered by department of culture by holding a three-day Mushi Premchand Mahotsav from July 31 to August 2 at his native place Lamhi in Varanasi. Despite the fact that the writer spent his life writing in Lamhi village, the house of Premchand remains neglected.The old house, lying in dilapidated state for long, was renovated in 2005. No caretaker was appointed by government to look after the house. Due to lack of maintenance, doors and floors of the house are already damaging, the outer walls have advertisements and posters.Hundreds of tourists and literature enthusiast come and go back disappointed, watching the locked doors of the house. The pond 'Premchand Sarovar' in the close vicinity of the house, which was renovated with a fund of Rs 8.82 lakh, has also been lying neglected.In 2005, when the nation remembered the great writer on his 125th birth anniversary, several promises were made. A project to start a research centre, study centre and a hall was announced by Central government. The then union minister for information and broadcasting and culture S Jaipal Reddy also laid the foundation stone of the research centre in Lamhi village on July 31, 2005. The ceremony was also attended the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav. The research centre is still to come into existence.\"BHU has been given the responsibility to handle the project with a fund of Rs 2 crore, but the work could not be started due to unavailability of land earlier. In 2011 the land was purchased and handed over to BHU and the work would start as soon as possible,\" regional culture officer Ratnesh Verma said. Once the project will be completed, all the problems will eventually be resolved, he hoped. Premchand Memorial Trust, which maintains a library established in front of house is the only respite for literature lovers who visit Lamhi.\"The library has over 4,000 books and has its regular readers in the range of 20 kilometres of the village. The books are given to readers free,\" trust president Suresh Chandra Dubey said. In the library, replica of the articles like kites, hukka, gilli danda and several other articles which Premchand was fond of, are also kept. According to a local Manoj Singh, several tourists used to visit the village to get a glimpe of the house some 3 to 4 years back but the arrival of tourists had decreased as the roads leading to the village are in a pathetic condition.Verma said that several stage plays, street plays, seminars, literature discussions will be organised to mark the birth anniversary. \"A short story writing competition will also be held for schoolchildren and they can send the entries at office of the department of culture in Sigra by July 30,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-28"}
